Privacy Policy
Insane Developers LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliated companies provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of (i) the website located at
https://insanedevelopersllc.wordpress.com
(the “Site”), including any services, features and content accessible or downloadable from the Site, and (ii) any other Insane Developers LLC application, service or product licensed, downloaded or otherwise accessed by such users through third party websites or sources ((i) and (ii) collectively, the “Service”).
Acceptance and Consent:
By registering for a user account that enables you to post to the Forums (the “Account”), and/or using the Service, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information by Insane Developers LLC in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any information and do not use the Service.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:
Insane Developers LLC reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change or modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or modified version of the Privacy Policy on the Site. Any such changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will change the Last Revised date below.
Information Collection and Use:
We are not collecting and using information are to provide and improve the Service, to administer and assist you in administering your Account on the Service, and to provide you with a better experience with the Service. We do not store and process information in the United States.
Personal Information and Non-Personal Information
Insane Developers LLC does not collect personal and non-personal information from you when you use the Service. Personal information is information that specifically identifies an individual, including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home address. This privacy policy guarantees no exposure to any of your personal information as we do NOT have any access to it.
Use of Account
We do not collect any of your Information, including your email address and username, in connection with creating an account. You can register for an Account via Insane Developers LLC application.
Certain of Your Information, such as your username and other information will never be publicly visible by other users of the Forums, including when such users view your Account profile page. When you register for an Account or later access your Account, you may not be able to adjust settings and preferences within it or even be able to choose whether to share and make any other information visible to the public. We encourage you that your personal and sensitive information is completely guarded by us and your anonymity stays safe. You can review and revise your Account profile information at any time.
We do not request and collect Your Information when you administer or personalize your Account after registration or interact with the Services. For instance- we do not collect Your Information both when you enter promotions, in connection with the Services or transactions (such as, but not limited to, donations or the purchase of products) with Insane Developers LLC advertisers. Such transaction-related information may include payment information, such as information regarding your account with an online payment service provider, and information about your use of products and services offered by our advertisers.
Use of Applications
When you launch any of our applications, we do not collect information regarding your device type, operating system, version, carrier provider, IP address, Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Equipment Mobile ID (IMEI), whether you are using a point package, the game version, the device’s geo-location, language settings, and unique device ID. In addition, we do not create a unique user ID or track your use of our Services. This unique user ID is never stored in connection with your Account profile information to enable us to move Your Information to a new device at your request. In addition, it would never be used to link a character with which you play our games in relation to your username on the Forums. When you play our games, we do not collect information about your play and interaction with other users and the Service.
We do not collect Your Information, such as your name or email address, from third party websites or other sources from which you download or access Insane Developers LLC applications, services or products that also make up part of the Service.
We do not use Your Information to provide the Service in order to provide a better experience, improve the quality/value of the Service or analyze/evaluate how the Service is used. We do not use Your Information to serve you specifically. For instance- by delivering products or advertisements to your preferences or restrictions. We also do not use Your Information to contact you with communications such as Insane Developers LLC newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
SMS Notifications & Push Notifications
We do not store the information you provide, including your telephone number when you sign up to have SMS notifications sent directly to your mobile device.
Communications Features
You may be able to take part in certain activities in our applications that give you the opportunity to communicate, however it does not share any information with Insane Developers LLC and other users of our Service. These include: (a) participating in player forums and message boards, (b) posting comments to other users’ profiles, (c) sending private messages or invitations to other users, (d) chat with other users, and (e) posting photos.
We do not record and store archives of these communications, Thus you cannot acknowledge and consent to the recording and storage of such communications by default.
Log Data, Cookies and Web Beacons
When you browse certain portions of the Service, we do not collect and record standard user information and clickstream data about your visit (through the use of cookies and otherwise) as part of our analysis of the use of the Service. For example, when you visit or request a web page from our server, we do not record the IP address of the user’s machine, the time, date and URL of the request and information about the browser being used, and other information regarding the visit, such as the pages visited on the Service, the time spent on each page, any advertisements clicked and any search terms used (collectively, “Log Data”). Log Data would not be aggregated and used to monitor and analyze use of the Service and to enable us to analyze traffic and trends, administer and improve the Service, identify and keep track of errors and bugs, and gather broad demographic information to become more familiar with where visits to the Service originate, how often the Service is visited and what parts of the Service are visited most often. We do not share such information with third party service providers assisting us with the foregoing and with our advertisers. For example, information will not be collected and used so that when you visit the Service again, it will never recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Thus, we cannot use this information to verify that visitors to the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not link Log Data to Your Information for tracking and analyzing our customers’ use of the Service to help improve the Service, to tailor the Service to their needs and to enforce the Terms of Use.
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive. Like many websites, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data, to improve the Service and in some cases to enable you to more easily log in to your Account. We do not use cookies to collect personal information. However, we may combine information collected through the use of cookies we issue with personal information that you provide to us. Insane Developers LLC may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Service, and to improve the Service and our other products and services. A session cookie enables certain features of the Service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Service. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
We may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies which deliver cookies to your computer or device so the advertisements you see can be tracked. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
You can instruct your web browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If your browser is set to refuse all cookies, however, some features of the Forums may not function properly.
We and third party advertising companies may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons or “gifs”, are electronic images that may be used on our Site, in our Service or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. Advertisers may use web beacons in connection with our Service in order to collect and use data regarding advertisement performance and your interests for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising to you.
Sharing Your Information
We do not share Your Information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship such as ad networks and analytics providers.
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how the Service is used. These third parties do not have any access to Your Information, they only perform the tasks on our behalf and would never use your Information for any other purpose. We do not provide Your Information to our business partners or other trusted entities.
We will not disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Insane Developers LLC or any third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable.
We do not share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Social Network Connect:
If you use one of our applications and connect to your social network account, such as Facebook, Twitter, Vine, Instagram, YouTube and so on, within such application, you will be providing us with basic account information i.e., user ID, name, email, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture URL and the user IDs of your friends who have also connected with our applications. However, none of this information would be stored. In addition, we will not cache data we receive from the Social Network’s APIs to improve our user experience.
Offer Wall:
We do not display an “offer wall” in our applications that is hosted by an offer wall provider. The offer wall does not allow third party advertisers to provide virtual currency to users in exchange for interacting with an advertisement or for completing a marketing offer that may include signing up for an account with one of those advertisers. These offers are not made by Insane Developers LLC. These offers may be displayed to you based on certain technical information, such as your geographic area or anonymous demographic information. After clicking on one of these advertisements, you will no longer be on a site hosted by Insane Developers LLC. To properly credit user accounts and to prevent fraud, a unique identifier, will be shared with the offer wall provider.
Invite a Friend:
You wouldn’t get an option to provide us with another party’s email address in order to allow us to contact and invite that party to visit or join the Service or so that Insane Developers LLC may not facilitate your communication with such other party through methods of communication enabled by the Service (such as when you upload an address book). Such email addresses will not be used for the purpose of sending email communications to the addressee.
Forums:
Insane Developers LLC may at times offer you the ability to post content to a blog, message board, chat room or within Insane Developers LLC applications or other forums (“Forums”). You may not be required to provide personal information. Hence, any visitor on the Forum may not be able to read your postings on the Forum.
Furthermore, any information that you may post to a Forum, including your username or other Account profile information, will not be disclosed and available to all users and viewers of that Forum, and will always be private. Insane Developers LLC cannot guarantee the security of such information that is disclosed or communicated online in public areas such as the Forums, and you provide such information at your own risk. Insane Developers LLC does not author, edit, endorse, or monitor any Forum. You acknowledge and agree that Insane Developers LLC has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on any Forum. Insane Developers LLC reserves the right at any time, in its sole discretion, to remove any content that a user may post on any Forum and restrict their access to any Forum.
Security:
Insane Developers LLC takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
We do not collect any information hence there is no chance for it being out in public. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your Account or any of Your Information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Information Transfers:
Insane Developers LLC do not reserve any right to transfer Your Information in connection with a change or transfer of Insane Developers LLC ownership or a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
International Users:
If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Insane Developers LLC will not transfer Your Information to the United States and process it there. You hereby consent to any such transfer.
Third Party Links:
The Service may contain links to other websites and online services (“Linked Sites”). The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy policies or practices. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such Linked Sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such Linked Sites. The operators of Linked Sites may not collect information about you or disclose any information. However we still encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Linked Sites that you use.
Opt-In and Opt-Out Policy:
We will not share your personal information in ways other than as described in this Privacy Policy unless you specifically elect to make your personal information available to third parties by selecting to “opt-in” in various places on the Service. Your “opt-in” elections will not, however, require us to share your personal information with any third parties. Further, you may “opt-out” of any prior elections and of receiving certain types of communications at any time by contacting Insane Developers LLC.
Our Policy Regarding Children:
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for an Account on the Service or send any information about yourself to Insane Developers LLC. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our files.
Contacting Us:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support
https://insanedevelopersllc.wordpress.com
Share this:
Twitter
Facebook
Like
Loading...