Mindware Consulting, Inc. built the FoodBrain app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Mindware Consulting, Inc. at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services/Apps.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Google Play email address used to login, Facebook account email address used for login, Google Play Advertising ID. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@mindware.mobi
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://mindware.mobi/night-owl-sleep-coach-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
**Privacy Policy**
Last Updated: June 27, 2023
This Privacy Policy is presented by Mindware Consulting, Inc. (“we”, “our”, or “us”) for the users (“you”, “your”) of our Night Owl – Sleep Coach mobile application (“app”), as referenced in the app’s Google Play listing. This policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information.
**1. Information We Collect**
We access, collect, use, and share the following categories of information:
– **Account Information**: To create an account on our app, we collect your email address, password, and year of birth. We use this information to manage your account, communicate with you, and provide our services. This information also helps us retain your data in case you log in with a new or different device.
– **Sleep Log Data**: We collect data about your sleep patterns and progress through the app. This data is collected directly from you when you log your sleep activity in the app. We use this data to analyze your sleep patterns and provide tailored sleep improvement recommendations. It may also be used for research purposes, with all personally identifiable information removed.
– **Third-Party Analytics Data**: We use third-party service providers, namely Google Firebase and Google Analytics, to collect and analyze usage and performance data about our app. This data includes, but is not limited to, crash reports through Firebase Crashlytics, user engagement metrics through Firebase Analytics, and traffic data through Google Analytics.
**2. How We Use Your Information**
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
– To provide, maintain, and improve our app.
– To respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer service.
– To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
– To occasionally send you emails to inform you of product updates or other offerings.
– To monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our app.
– For research purposes, after de-identifying and anonymizing the data.
– To personalize the app content, features, or advertisements.
**3. Information Sharing and Disclosure**
We share your information with third parties under the following circumstances:
– **Service Providers**: We may share your personal information with third-party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the app (e.g., customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties have access to your personal information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.
– **Research**: Your de-identified sleep log data may be shared for research purposes. In these instances, all personally identifiable information will be removed prior to sharing. If a research study requires personally identifiable information, you will be notified and required to opt-in before any data is shared.
– **Compliance with Laws**: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
– **Business Transfers**: Your information may be transferred and/or become subject to a different Privacy Policy if we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets.
**4. Data Retention and Deletion**
We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services, comply with applicable legal requirements, and resolve disputes. If you wish to request deletion of your data, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
**5. Security**
We implement secure data handling procedures to help protect your personal information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
**6. Children’s Privacy**
Our app is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
**7. Changes to this Policy**
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do, we will post the changes on this page and indicate at the top of this page the date those changes were last made.
**8. Contact Us**
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at:
Mindware Consulting, Inc.
302 South Kitchell Avenue,
Olney, IL  62450
Email:
support@mindware.mobi
By using our app, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the practices described in this policy, you should not use our app.
Download Our Apps
All Android Apps
Mind Games
Mind Games Pro
Night Owl: Sleep Coach
Minesweeper: Mine Games
Privacy Policies
Night Owl – Sleep Coach – Privacy Policy
Mind Games – Privacy Policy
Mind Games Pro – Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 1
https://mindware.mobi/mind-games-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Effective date: December 24, 2018
This policy covers
Mind Games, Mind Games Pro, Word Games and Word Games Pro.
Mindware Consulting, Inc (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the http://mindgames.mobi and https://mindware.mobi websites and the Mind Games mobile application (the “Service”).
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Mindware Consulting, Inc uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Mindware Consulting, Inc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Li
nk to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Fabric
Crashlytics
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Mindware Consulting, Inc may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Mindware Consulting, Inc
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Data Retention and Deletion
We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services, comply with applicable legal requirements, and resolve disputes. If you wish to request deletion of your data, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
Data Controller Contact Information
The data controller for the data we collect through our services is Mindware Consulting, Inc. (“Mindware”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). Mindware is responsible for your personal data and controls how it is used, in accordance with this privacy policy.
Our registered address is: Mindware Consulting, Inc. 302 S. Kitchell Ave., Suite E, Olney, IL 62450 United States
If you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, you may contact us directly by email at
support@mindware.mobi
. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority.
By using our services, you acknowledge that Mindware is the data controller, and you understand that we are responsible for protecting your personal information as outlined in this privacy policy.
Data Protection Officer
We have a Data Protection Officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address:
Data Protection Officer Mindware Consulting, Inc. 302 S. Kitchell Ave., Suite E, Olney, IL 62450 Email:
dpo@mindware.mobi
Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising, Sale of Personal Data, and Profiling
We respect your privacy rights and provide you with reasonable access to the personal data that you may have provided through your use of our services. If you wish to opt-out of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
. Please note, we do not sell your personal data.
Data Retention
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods mandated by law, contract, or similar obligations applicable to our business operations.
Access to Personal Data
You have the right to request access to the personal data that we collect on you. To make such a request, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
If you are a resident of California, you have certain rights afforded to you under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These include the right to access personal data we have collected about you, the right to request that we delete personal data we have collected from you, and the right to know whether your personal data is shared with third parties. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA)
If you are a resident of Virginia, you have certain rights afforded to you under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA). These include the right to access personal data we have collected about you, the right to request that we delete personal data we have collected from you, and the right to opt-out of targeted advertising or the sale of your personal data. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
Correction of Personal Data
You have the right to request correction of your personal data if it is inaccurate or incomplete. To make such a request, please contact us at
support@mindware.mobi
.
Sharing of Personal Data
We will disclose personal data only when required by law or when we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law. We do not sell or share your personal data with third-party companies for their direct marketing purposes unless you give us your permission.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Firebase
Firebase is analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: support@mindware.mobi
Download Our Apps
All Android Apps
Mind Games
Mind Games Pro
Night Owl: Sleep Coach
Minesweeper: Mine Games
Privacy Policies
Night Owl – Sleep Coach – Privacy Policy
Mind Games – Privacy Policy
Mind Games Pro – Privacy Policy
Sub-policy 2
https://mindware.mobi/mind-games-pro-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: August 13, 2021
This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.
We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:
Account
means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
Affiliate
means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where “control” means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
Application
means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Mind Games Pro
Business
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), refers to the Company as the legal entity that collects Consumers’ personal information and determines the purposes and means of the processing of Consumers’ personal information, or on behalf of which such information is collected and that alone, or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information, that does business in the State of California.
Company
(referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Mindware Consulting, Inc., 302 South Kitchell Avenue, Suite E, Olney, IL 62450.For the purpose of the GDPR, the Company is the Data Controller.
Consumer
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means a natural person who is a California resident. A resident, as defined in the law, includes (1) every individual who is in the USA for other than a temporary or transitory purpose, and (2) every individual who is domiciled in the USA who is outside the USA for a temporary or transitory purpose.
Country
refers to: United States
Data Controller
, for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data.
Device
means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
Do Not Track
(DNT) is a concept that has been promoted by US regulatory authorities, in particular the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), for the Internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites.
Personal Data
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.For the purposes for GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
For the purposes of the CCPA, Personal Data means any information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with You.
Sale
, for the purpose of the CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a Consumer’s personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
Service
refers to the Application.
Service Provider
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
Usage Data
refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
You
means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include:
Email address (optional)
First name and last name (optional)
Usage Data
Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account:
to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
To contact You:
To contact You by email, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You
with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests:
To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers:
We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes
: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers:
We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers:
We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates:
We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners:
We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users:
when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside.
With Your consent
: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Retention of Your Personal Data
The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.
The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Detailed Information on the Processing of Your Personal Data
The Service Providers We use may have access to Your Personal Data. These third-party vendors collect, store, use, process and transfer information about Your activity on Our Service in accordance with their Privacy Policies.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You may opt-out of certain Google Analytics features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
We also encourage you to review the Google’s policy for safeguarding your data:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps webpage:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
GDPR Privacy
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR
We may process Personal Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Your Rights under the GDPR
The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights.
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You.
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.
CCPA Privacy
This privacy notice section for California residents supplements the information contained in Our Privacy Policy and it applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular Consumer or Device. The following is a list of categories of personal information which we may collect or may have been collected from California residents within the last twelve (12) months.
Please note that the categories and examples provided in the list below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact collected by Us, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been collected. For example, certain categories of personal information would only be collected if You provided such personal information directly to Us.
Category A: Identifiers.
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Collected: Yes.
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Examples: A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Collected: Yes.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Collected: No.
Category D: Commercial information.
Examples: Records and history of products or services purchased or considered.
Collected: No.
Category E: Biometric information.
Examples: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Collected: No.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Examples: Interaction with our Service or advertisement.
Collected: Yes.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Examples: Approximate physical location.
Collected: No.
Category H: Sensory data.
Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Collected: No.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
Examples: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Collected: No.
Category J: Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Examples: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Collected: No.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Examples: Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Collected: No.
Under CCPA, personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information
Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, such as:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data
Personal Information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994
Sources of Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You
. For example, from the forms You complete on our Service, preferences You express or provide through our Service.
Indirectly from You
. For example, from observing Your activity on our Service.
Automatically from You
. For example, through cookies We or our Service Providers set on Your Device as You navigate through our Service.
From Service Providers
. For example, third-party vendors to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, or other third-party vendors that We use to provide the Service to You.
Use of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose personal information We collect for “business purposes” or “commercial purposes” (as defined under the CCPA), which may include the following examples:
To operate our Service and provide You with our Service.
To provide You with support and to respond to Your inquiries, including to investigate and address Your concerns and monitor and improve our Service.
To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, if You share Your contact information to ask a question about our Service, We will use that personal information to respond to Your inquiry.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to You when collecting Your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
For internal administrative and auditing purposes.
To detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, including, when necessary, to prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Please note that the examples provided above are illustrative and not intended to be exhaustive. For more details on how we use this information, please refer to the “Use of Your Personal Data” section.
If We decide to collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes We will update this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes or Commercial Purposes
We may use or disclose and may have used or disclosed in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Please note that the categories listed above are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact disclosed, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been disclosed.
When We disclose personal information for a business purpose or a commercial purpose, We enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
Sale of Personal Information
As defined in the CCPA, “sell” and “sale” mean selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for valuable consideration. This means that We may have received some kind of benefit in return for sharing personal information, but not necessarily a monetary benefit.
Please note that the categories listed below are those defined in the CCPA. This does not mean that all examples of that category of personal information were in fact sold, but reflects our good faith belief to the best of our knowledge that some of that information from the applicable category may be and may have been shared for value in return.
We may sell and may have sold in the last twelve (12) months the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity
Share of Personal Information
We may share Your personal information identified in the above categories with the following categories of third parties:
Service Providers
Our affiliates
Our business partners
Third party vendors to whom You or Your agents authorize Us to disclose Your personal information in connection with products or services We provide to You
Sale of Personal Information of Minors Under 16 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of 16 through our Service, although certain third party websites that we link to may do so. These third-party websites have their own terms of use and privacy policies and we encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and instruct their children to never provide information on other websites without their permission.
We do not sell the personal information of Consumers We actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless We receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the Consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a Consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to the sale of personal information may opt-out of future sales at any time. To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or Your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by contacting Us.
If You have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 (or 16) has provided Us with personal information, please contact Us with sufficient detail to enable Us to delete that information.
Your Rights under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. If You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice.
You have the right to be notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.
The right to request.
Under CCPA, You have the right to request that We disclose information to You about Our collection, use, sale, disclosure for business purposes and share of personal information. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information We collected about You
The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information
The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You
If we sold Your personal information or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, We will disclose to You:
The categories of personal information categories sold
The categories of personal information categories disclosed
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data (opt-out).
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information. To submit an opt-out request please contact Us.
The right to delete Personal Data.
You have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your request, We will delete (and direct Our Service Providers to delete) Your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny Your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our Service Providers to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with You, or otherwise perform our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if You previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on Your relationship with Us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which You provided it.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your consumer’s rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us:
By email: support@mindware.mobi
By visiting this page on our website:
https://mindware.mobi
Only You, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that You authorize to act on Your behalf, may make a verifiable request related to Your personal information.
Your request to Us must:
Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom We collected personal information or an authorized representative
Describe Your request with sufficient detail that allows Us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with the required information if we cannot:
Verify Your identity or authority to make the request
And confirm that the personal information relates to You
We will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable request’s receipt.
For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily useable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of Your personal information. Once We receive and confirm a verifiable consumer request from You, we will stop selling Your personal information. To exercise Your right to opt-out, please contact Us.
The Service Providers we partner with (for example, our analytics or advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that sells personal information as defined by the CCPA law. If you wish to opt out of the use of Your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that You use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
The NAI’s opt-out platform:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
The EDAA’s opt-out platform
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/
The DAA’s opt-out platform:
http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, You will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give You the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps You use in order to serve You ads that are targeted to Your interests:
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on Your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if You are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email: support@mindware.mobi
By visiting this page on our website:
https://mindware.mobi
Download Our Apps
All Android Apps
Mind Games
Mind Games Pro
Night Owl: Sleep Coach
Minesweeper: Mine Games
Privacy Policies
Night Owl – Sleep Coach – Privacy Policy
Mind Games – Privacy Policy
Mind Games Pro – Privacy Policy