Games
Jobs
News
Contact
Lightheart Entertainment Oy Privacy Policy
Lightheart Entertainment Oy and its affiliates (hereinafter “Lightheart Entertainment” or “Us” or “We” or ‘’Our’’)  have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of Our policies regarding how we use, collect and disclose your Personal Information when you use Our Service.
We will use and share your information only as described in this Privacy Policy.
The latest version of this privacy policy is available at www.lightheart.games/privacy-policy If we make any material changes, we will publish a message in the Service that you will see when you start the app. Your continued use of the Service is subject to the latest privacy policy.
Collection of data.
The following describes the data we collect, how long we retain the data (at maximum), and the reasons  why we collect it. In addition to the retention periods mentioned below, your data may survive in backups for up to 90 additional days.
When we say that we collect data for "Analytics", we mean that the data is used and collected for marketing and statistical purposes so that we can improve the Service and future services and products of Lightheart Entertainment. Analytics data is primarily viewed in aggregated form so that data from an individual user cannot be distinguished. We might share Analytics data with third parties as detailed below.
Our staff may view your data, including "Analytics" data, only when:
the Game is in the test, pre-release "beta" phase, or
it is necessary to execute a support request by you, or
it is necessary to solve an issue you report in a feedback form, or
it is necessary to investigate a technical issue, or
it is necessary to investigate cheating, fraud or threats towards the security and functioning of the Service or its users.
We always avoid looking at all of your data and only focus on the data which is necessary for us to resolve the issue at hand.
When you make the first start of the app, We ask for your consent for collecting data.
Data
Retention
Reason
Gameplay statistics
2 years
Multiplayer matchmaking, displaying ranking lists, and for Analytics
What you write in the feedback form
2 years
Development and troubleshooting.