Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY AT ABBOTT
Every day, you trust us with your health – one of the most personal areas of your life. At Abbott, that is a responsibility we take incredibly seriously.
Technology is transforming healthcare and the opportunities to learn how to better manage health, wellness and human performance through data are limitless. It is a privilege for us to learn from you and your experience with our products – and every day we hope to understand the science and our customers a little bit better than the day before.
At Abbott we are guided by the following principles in our approach to transparency and protection of your personal information:
We believe your personal information belongs to you
We will be transparent about the data we collect from you, and how that data will be used
We build privacy and security protections into the products and services we design
We protect the data we collect
Please see our US Privacy Policy, European Privacy Policy, and Consumer Health Data Privacy Policy found at the links below on how we process your Personal Information.
ABBOTT PRIVACY POLICY - US ONLY
This policy was last updated and effective as of:  June 27, 2024.
This Privacy Policy describes how Abbott collects, uses, and shares your Personal Information when you use our products, visit our websites and apps, and interact with us offline (collectively, the “Services”). It also tells you about the rights and choices you may have with respect to your personal information.  For information on how to exercise your privacy rights, please see "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below. If you are a resident of a country other than the U.S., please
click here
for applicable information.
Abbott may offer certain products, programs or Services that have unique or additional terms, privacy policies and/or consent forms that explain how Abbott processes Personal Information. For details on any product-specific features, notices, or terms, please review the terms for those products and Services.
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our
Online Terms and Conditions
and this Privacy Policy, and contact us if you have any questions through the “How Can I Contact Abbott” section below. You can also download a copy of our
Cookie Policy
and this
Privacy Policy (English)
and
Privacy Policy (Spanish)
.
Please be aware that if you are using a third-party device (for example, a voice-controlled intelligent personal assistant device or service) to access an Abbott website or application, the third-party device supplier may collect information, including Personal Information, via the device, even when Abbott does not, and you will need to contact that third-party device supplier directly to obtain any such information.
YOU ARE ABOUT TO EXIT FOR ANOTHER ABBOTT COUNTRY OR REGION SPECIFIC WEBSITE
Please be aware that the website you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or region, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and other products or uses of those products that are not approved in other countries or regions.
The website you have requested also may not be optimized for your specific screen size.
DO YOU WISH TO CONTINUE AND EXIT THIS WEBSITE?
YES
NO
This site uses first and/or third-party cookies and related technologies, as described in our cookie policy, for purposes that may include site operation, analytics, enhanced user experience, or advertising. You may choose to consent to our use of all cookies by clicking “Accept All”, reject its use by clicking “Reject All” (except for required cookies, which cannot be rejected) or manage your own preferences by clicking “Manage Choices”.
MANAGE CHOICES
ACCEPT ALL
DECLINE ALL
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Loading...
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.abbott.com/content/dam/corp/abbott/en-us/policies/Abbott_Corp_Policy.pdf:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.abbott.com/content/dam/corp/abbott/en-us/policies/Abbott_Corp_Policy_Spanish.pdf:
