Privacy Policy
Miniscape Corporation (“we,” “us” or “our”) has designed this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), because we understand that you care about our data protection policy and the types of information we may process when you use our mobile application (the “App” or “our App”) and the services this App provided (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains how we process your information. Our Privacy Policy applies to all users, and others who access the App. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING AND USING THE APP AND RELATED SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. We may, moreover, modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the App. Please check and pay close attention to the Privacy Policy from time to time.
INFORMATION WE PROCESS AND PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION
For the purposes of the GDPR, we are the data controller. To constantly improve our App and provide you with new or better experiences, there are two general categories of information we will process for the purposes as set out below.
1.Information you give to us
(1) Facial Features Information. In order to use certain functions of the App including but not limited to old me and video, we will need your permission to access to your camera and album in your mobile device. When you use the old me function, we might use the sdk provided by third parties to capture your facial feature information about the picture you submitted, such as five sense organs in the photos and such information will only be used for certain effect related to the function and feedback the effect drawing to you. We will not send such information back to our server, nor store any of such information, nor use such information for any other purpose or provide to any third party except for the purpose specified herein. (2) Support Related Information. If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your contact information, your complaint or feedback and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support. Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the App and Services. The purposes of the information that you submit are: (1) to operate and update the App and our Services; (2) to improve and customize the App and Services; (3) to maintain, test and monitor the quality and operation of the App; (4) to notify you of App and Services update; (5) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback; (6) to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the App and Services; (7) to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2.Information that is Processed Automatically
When you use the App and Services, for analytical, business and operational purposes, we automatically collect and process the following types of information: (1) Your Device Information. We may use the Xcode API to collect information about your mobile device when you use the App, including universally unique identifier(UUID), type of your mobile device, operational system and version, country, language. (2)Metadata. Metadata can describe the location information and file creation time contained in photos or other files, or the rough features of the characters in photos and other content contained in photos. When you use our Services and upload photos or other files, we will use CoreLocation API and the third-party SDK to collect the metadata. We use photo metadata to provide you with certain features including precise “Facial Recognition”, “Key-Points Recognition”, “Region Segmentation”, “Content Tags” and other custom features based on a combination of these basic features. (3)Subscription Data. We use SKPayment Transaction to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites e.g. https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies. Processing information through automatic data processing technologies starts automatically when you start using the App.
SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not share any personal identifiable information (the “PII”) that we have collected from you except for the following events:
1.If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users, its partners, or the general public);
2.In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred;
3.We may share your information with certain third parties (including, without limitation, search engines, content providers, and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising, marketing, analysis, content, and search) in connection with the App and the Services. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information, and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured, (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with the Services; and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with the applicable date protection laws and this Privacy Policy. If you want to delete any PII which we have shared with the third parties, please contact us by email at [facevbusiness@outlook.com] . We would try our best to notify the third party of deleting the relative personal data, but no warranty as to the deletion is not made by us.
4.We may also share PII and non-personally identifiable information with our subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with the applicable date protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION MAY BE COLLECTED BY THIRD-PARTY
Certain Services may contain contents linking to advertisements, websites, products and other services provided by third parties in our App (collectively, “Third Party Services”). The use of such Third Party Services is subject to their privacy policies. You shall be aware that the use of the Third Party Services may give these third parties the ability to access, collect, store, and/or share your information, both your PII and non-personally identifiable information. In order to clarify, we do not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to such Third Party Services and your access to any Third Party Services is at your own risk. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such Third Party Services. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such Third Party Services. We recommended that you read the terms, conditions and privacy policies of such third party before using or accessing any of them. Moreover, for providing customized advertisement, the third-party advertising companies may collect or use your PII (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) when you use the App or the Services.
TRANSFER OF DATA OUTSIDE YOUR TERRITORY
We work in the international space and provide our App to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or related services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect the data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that complies with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and Network access designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for user’s information. We also protect user’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data and PII. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
DATA RETENTION
We retain the information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as necessary for the provision of the Services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the Services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at [facevbusiness@outlook.com]. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at [facevbusiness@outlook.com].
OUR POLICY TOWARD CHILDREN
Our App is not intended for children under the age of 16 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”) . Therefore, we do not knowingly collect or solicit any personal information from children under the Minimum Age. No one under the Minimum Age may provide any personal information to the App. If you are under the Minimum Age, do not use or provide any information on this App or through any of its features. Do not provide any information about yourself, including your email address. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the Minimum Age without verification of parental consent, we will erase that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at [facevbusiness@outlook.com].