MuStar Kids - Privacy and Cookie Policy
Last Updated: October 2019
Table of Contents
Personal Data We Process Within Our Services
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The Security of Your Personal Data
Data Retention
Information Relating to Children
Your Rights
Complaints
Changes
Contact
Welcome to MuStar Kids (the "
App
"). The App is provided or controlled by MuStar Kids, Inc., a
    company duly incorporated and validly existing under the Laws of California ("
we
" or
    "
us
").
    We are controller of your personal data in the sense of Art. 4 (7) of the General Data Protection Regulation
    ("
GDPR
") and other data protection or data privacy laws in the Member State of the European
    Union and other Guidelines with a data protection nature regarding the Platform and as such, we are committed to
    protecting and respecting your privacy.
Our contact details are: MuStar Kids Inc., 10351 Santa Monica Blvd #310, Los Angeles, CA 90025 USA.
MuStar Kids Inc.'s representative in the EU pursuant to Art. 27 GDPR is News Republic SAS, Rue Robert Caumont,
    33049 Bordeaux Cedex, France.
The Data protection officer of MuStar Kids Inc. may be contacted under AV@QStudio.org.
To provide our services to you, we offer you a website and a free app ("
App
") that you can
    download onto your mobile phone. This policy sets out the basis on which any Personal Data from you will be
    processed, collected, used, and disclosed by us when you access or use our website, applications, products and
    content (collectively, the "
Services
").
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we
    will treat it. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this policy have the meaning given to them in the
Terms of Service
.
The Personal Data We Process Within Our Service
We collect and process Personal Data either directly from you (e.g. when you provide certain information to us)
    or indirectly (e.g. through our Platform's technology).
"
Personal Data
" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person
    ("
data subject
"); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or
    indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data,
    an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental,
    economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Information you give us
as a user
. You must be at least 13 years old to use our
    Services (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Services without parental
    approval). In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not
    old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms
    on your behalf. We may ask you to provide approval of your parents or legal guardians that you are allowed to use
    our services via e-mail in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
If you register an account with us to use the App, you must provide us with certain Personal Data, including your
    name, unique account name and, if provided, your e-mail address, telephone number and your photograph as well as
    your language selection. You may also be able to register using your user credentials to certain social media
    sites, such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or Google. This information also allows us or other users to find
    you on the App.
Information we collect about you when you use the Services.
When you use our Services we
    automatically collect your IP address (not using GPS data), device information, or other unique device
    identifiers, Cookies (as defined below), browsing records, mobile carrier, time zone and locale setting, mobile
    or device model, operating system and platform as well as information regarding your use of the Services, e.g.
    the comments you make on our App or any other user-generated content and video content that you broadcast on our
    App.
Furthermore, we collect behavioural information, for example, collecting engagement scores (likes, comments,
    repeated views) and relate users based on your behaviour, alongside marketing information such as opt-ins and
    communication preferences. We also collect information about linking your contact or subscriber information with
    your activity across our Services or by linking your activity on our App across all your devices using your
    email or social media log-in details.
When you use our App we may collect your account name, e-mail address, telephone number, photographs and any
    Personal Data in connection with videos of that you upload as well as the mobile phone model and the mobile
    phone operating system version. We further process information about your location based on IP address once to
    select the videos that we display according to your place of residence.
Information you choose to share from your social networks.
If you choose to link the App to your
    social network or public forum account (such as Facebook), you may provide us or allow your social network to
    provide us with information from your social network or public forum accounts. This data may include your use of
    the App on such public forums and/or social networks (e.g. your public profile information, e-mail address and
    friends list). For further information as to how and for what purpose the social network provider processes your
    Personal Data, please see their privacy policies.
Find other users and invite your friends.
You may find other users of the App either through (i)
    your phone contacts or (ii) Facebook contacts. If you chose to find other users through (i) your phone contacts,
    we will access your phone contacts, including the names, phone numbers, addresses and any other information that
    you have stored on your phone about your contacts in order to determine if they are using the App by matching
    them with existing users of the App. If you want to find other users through (ii) your Facebook contacts, we may
    process your public Facebook information as well as names and profiles of your Facebook contacts in accordance
    with the privacy provisions of Facebook. You may also invite selected recipients to join our App by sending them
    an e-mail with your profile, including you profile information.
Messages.
We collect and process information you provide, including any Personal Data, in the
    context of composing, sending, or receiving messages (that means the content as well as the information when the
    message has been sent, received and/or read and the participants of the communication) through our Service's
    messaging functionality. Please be aware that messages sent to other Users of our Service will be accessible by
    those other Users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those Users use or disclose messages.
Metadata.
When you upload a video to the App (User Content) you automatically upload certain
    metadata that is connected to the User Content. In essence, metadata describes other data and provides
    information about your User Content that may not always be evident to the viewer. In connection with your video
    the metadata can describe how, when and by whom the piece of User Content was collected and how that content is
    formatted. It further includes Personal Data such as your account name that enables other user to trace back the
    video to your user account. Metadata may further consist of additional Personal Information that you chose to
    provide with the video, e.g. any hashtag to mark keywords to the video or comments.
Buy coins.
You may obtain coin packs via in-app purchases. You can use these coins to buy
    virtual gifts and send them to support other users during live.ly broadcasts or in their channels. When you
    chose to buy coins you will be transferred to your app store on your mobile device to complete the purchase. In
    connection with this purchase, we may collect Personal Data from you. Furthermore, if you purchase any gift
    points in accordance with the Gift Point Policy using your Apple iTunes or Google Play account, we process the
    confirmation of the payment and credit your account.
Cookies.
We use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, Flash cookies, etc.)
    ("
Cookies
") to enhance your experience using the Services. Cookies are used to indirectly
    collect information, including Personal Data, from you. Cookies are small files which, when placed on your
    device, enable us to provide certain features and functionality.
Although most Web browsers automatically accept Cookies, the decision of whether to accept or not is yours. You
    have the choice to accept or decline Cookies by way of consent (we may drop Strictly necessary Cookies even
    without your consent). If you do not accept Cookies, we will not be able to tailor the ads shown to you and you
    will receive only ads without customized content. Cookies placed by us will expire when you terminate the
    website session or after 90 days.
There are different Types of Cookies:
Strictly necessary Cookies.
These are Cookies that are required for the operation of
        the Services. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Services.
Functionality Cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to the
        Services. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your
        preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
How We Use Your Personal Data
We will use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Personal Data that we collect from your visit on our website is processed for system administration (e.g. to
    improve our Website and services to you), for statistical or security proposes (e.g. to guarantee the website's
    stability and security) of our website as well as to solicit your feedback. The processing of this Personal Data
    is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
We are required by law to verify your age and ensure that you are old enough to use our Services and therefore
    ask you for your birthdate prior to your registration on the Services pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR.
The e-mail address and content of the e-mail, including the names and addresses, if provided, concerning the
    approval from your parents or legal guardians for your use of the Services will be processed by us to verify
    that we are allowed to provide you with the Services, Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR.
When you register as user of our Services, we obtain Personal Data to create your user account, which is
    necessary to provide you with you the Services according to Art. 6 (1) lit. b of the GDPR. We may further use
    your Personal Data from your registration in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR to:
notify you about changes to our Services;
provide you with user support;
enforce our terms, conditions and policies; or
communicate with you.
We may use your Personal Data from your registration that identifies you as a user of the Service also to allow
    other users to identify you via the "Find other friends" function as a user of the Service as well as your phone
    contacts to find other users and to connect you on the Platform and support the socializing function of the
    Services in accordance with our legitimate interest to provide users the ability to connect on the Services for
    a more lively community, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. Furthermore, in the "Find other friends" function you may
    send an e-mail to anyone via your e-mail provider and invite him/her to use the App. In order to fulfil our
    legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) lit f GDPR to expand our Services and increase your user
    friends, we provide you with your profile information to send to anyone you choose.
We collect and process the Personal Data of your User Content in order to provide you the Services and to enable
    you to participate on the Platform and interact with other users, Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR. Without the submission
    of your Personal Data such as your name, user account name or the Personal Data within your User Content we may
    not be able to provide you with our service. We further use your Personal Data to make the Personal Data
    available to other Users in accordance with the privacy settings you chose for the respective Personal Data. If
    you upload a video to the App for the first time, you will be notified that you are using our Services on a
    public account, meaning that you Post a video that may be viewed by every user of MuStar Kids regardless your
    connection to the user. You may limit the audience having access to the Personal Data included in the
    information that you Post to the Service in your privacy settings as specified in the information window.
    Changes to the privacy settings in the App will immediately apply and also affect Information that you have
    posted in the past. We will delete your Personal Data from your use of the Service once you decided to delete
    the respective UGV or Broadcast Content or other information you provided in your profile.
We may also process your Personal Data of your use of the Service to show you content that is similar to content
    you liked or interacted with (by comments and/or watching), content from your region as well as by users you
    follow. This processing of Personal Data of you helps us to improve the content of the Service in accordance
    with Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR.
In particular, we will process your Personal Data to be responsive to you and to ensure the proper functioning of
    our products and organisation, Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR. As it is in our legitimate interests, we may use your
    Personal Data to:
improve the Services and to ensure content from the Services is presented in the most effective manner for
        you and your device;
administer the Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing,
        research, statistical and survey purposes;
allow you to participate in interactive features of the Services, when you choose to do so;
personalise the content you receive and provide you with tailored content that may be of interest to you;
keep the Services safe and secure;
develop our Services and conduct product development;
measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others;
to provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen, such as advertising and other
        content that is related to the country settings.
make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of the Services about goods or services that may
        interest you or them; or
If you provide your consent, we may promote the Services and use information that you give to us, such as
    user-generated content and video content that you may choose to broadcast on our App, as part of our advertising
    and marketing campaigns to promote the Services in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR.
The processing of your Personal Data in relation to the usage of the messenger function is solely for the purpose
    to provide this functionality of the Service to you pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR, in order for you to
    contact other users of the Service. It will only be processed if you choose to use this function. You may choose
    to delete any Personal Data in this regard on your discretion via the clear cache function within the App's
    settings.
How We Share Your Personal Data
Where We Store Your Personal Data
The Personal Data that we collect from you will also be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of
    your country and the European Economic Area ("
EEA
"), specifically, to third party servers in
    the United States of America, Japan and China. We transfer your Personal Data to the servers of our host
    providers Amazon Web Services in Japan and the United States of America and Alibaba Cloud in the United States
    of America. We also transfer any video content of the users to the servers of our host providers Amazon Web
    Services, Alibaba Cloud, StackPack, LLC (Highwinds) and Akamai Technologies, Inc. in the United States of
    America .
It may also be processed by staff operating outside your country or the EEA who work for us, for one of our
    suppliers or one of our business partners. Please refer below to "
The Security of Your Personal
    Data
„ for the security of your Personal Data in connection with the storage.
The Security of Your Personal Data
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do
    our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted through
    the Platform; any transmission is at your own risk. We do have appropriate technical and organizational measures
    to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and
    freedoms of you and other Users. We maintain these technical and organizational measures and may amend them from
    time to time to improve the overall security of our systems. We also ensure that our third party vendors will
    provide the same level of protection as provided in the terms of this Privacy Policy.
For a copy of these Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact us under support@MuStar.me.
We may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and
    affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own
    privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check
    these policies before you submit any information to these websites.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for so long as we are required to retain such information under applicable
    laws.
We delete your Personal Data concerning the in-app message function if your account is terminated, for any
    reason, after 30 days.
We delete your browser behaviour information after 90 days. We installed a periodic review for the deletion of
    your browsing information and designated someone who is responsible for the review and deletion.
After you have terminated your use of our services, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymised
    format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may also retain any personal information as reasonably necessary to
    comply with our legal obligations, allow us to resolve and litigate disputes, and to enforce our agreements.
Information Relating to Children
The Services are not directed at children under the age of 13. Users under the relevant age of majority are not
    allowed to use the Services or register an account on the App without the consent of their parent of guardian.
    If we become aware that Personal Data has been collected from a person under such age in the relevant
    jurisdiction and parental or guardian consent has not been provided, we will delete this information and
    terminate the person's account. If you believe that we may have Personal Data about or collected from a child
    under the specified age in the relevant jurisdiction without the consent of their parent or guardian, please
    contact us at support@MuStar.me.
Your Rights
You have the right to access your Personal Data that we hold about you and to correct, update, amend, suppress,
    delete or otherwise modify any Personal Data where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the
    applicable data protection regulations, unless we have to keep the Personal Data for legitimate business or
    legal purposes. Prior to the fulfilment of your request concerning your Personal Data, we may ask you to verify
    your identity before we can act upon your request.
You may object to the use or processing of your Personal Data or withdraw consent to use your Personal Data at
    any time.
You have the following rights:
The right to require free of charge (i) information whether your Personal Data is retained and (ii) access
        to and/or (iii) duplicates of the Personal Data retained. However, if the request affects the rights and
        freedoms of others or is manifestly unfounded or excessive, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee
        (taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the
        action requested) or refuse to act on the request;
The right to request proper rectification, removal or restriction of your Personal Data;
Where processing of your Personal Data is either based on your consent or necessary for the performance of a
        contract with you and processing is carried out by automated means, the right to receive the Personal Data
        concerning you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have your Personal Data
        transmitted directly to another company, where technically feasible (data portability);
Where the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw your consent at
        any time without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal or to any
        other existing legal justification of the processing activity in question;
The right not to be subject to any automatic individual decisions which produces legal effects on you or
        similarly significantly affects you; and
The right to take legal actions in relation to any breach of your rights regarding the processing of the
        Personal Data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators.
As far as we process your Personal Information on the basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) lit. f)
        GDPR), you may object to processing (Art. 21 (1) GDPR) at any time. You may find a detailed description of
        our processing activities and the legal basis in the section before. If you object to such processing, we
        ask you to state the grounds of you objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal
        data and decide whether to adjust the processing accordingly.
Please note that the processing of your personal data may involve direct marketing activities as described
        above. If you do not want to have your activity on MuStar Kids's Services processed for direct marketing
        activities, you can object to any data processing free of charge at any time via e-mail (Art. 21 (2) GDPR)
        (support@MuStar.me/for the other Contact Details see above).
Please send an e-mail to us if you would like to exercise any of your rights (support@MuStar.me).
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal Data, please contact us in the
    first instance at support@MuStar.me and we will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This
    is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with your data protection authority or follow the dispute
    resolution process provided in the
Terms of Service
.
Changes
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to this Policy,
    such as through a notice on our Services, however, you should look at this Policy regularly to check for such
    changes. We will also update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Policy, which reflects the effective
    date of such Policy. Your continued access to or use of the Services after the date of the updated Policy
    constitutes your acceptance of the updated Policy. If you do not agree to the updated Policy, you must stop
    accessing or using the Services.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to
    support@MuStar.me.