Back to Forks Meal Planner
Contact
All Categories
​>​
​Login & Membership
​>​
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated
3 weeks ago
by
                          Steven Todd Smith
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: November 8, 2021
Last Updated: April 26, 2022
This Privacy Policy describes how Forks Over Knives, LLC, the Beet, and Upbeet Brands, Inc. (collectively, “Upbeet Brands,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collect, use, share, and safeguard personal information when you visit our websites:
https://www.forksoverknives.com/
and
https://www.upbeetbrands.com/
(“Website”). This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. The following topics are addressed in this Privacy Policy:
Types Of Information We Collect
Use And Processing Of Information
Sharing Of Information
Your Choices
How We Protect Personal Information
Miscellaneous
Contact Information
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT.
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information.
Context
Types of Data
Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Data
Account Registration
We collect your name and contact information when you create an account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account.
We use this information to provide account-related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
Client Information
We collect the name, and contact information, of our clients and their employees with whom we may interact
We use this information to contact our clients and communicate with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.
Cookies and First Party tracking
We may use cookies and clear GIFs. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website sends to a computer’s hard drive while a website is viewed.
We use this information to keep our Website operating efficiently.
Cookies and Third Party Tracking
We may participate in behavior-based advertising. This means that a third party uses technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our Website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests on our Website, or on other websites.
We use this information to engage in behavior-based advertising and to capture website analytics.
Demographic Information
We may collect personal information, such as your age or location.
We use this information to understand our users and provide tailored services.
Email Interconnectivity
If you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains, and make purchases.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you.
Feedback/Support
If you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.
We use this information to address your feedback or issues.
Mailing List
When you sign up for one of our mailing lists we collect your email address or postal address.
We use this data to share information about our products or services.
Mobile Devices and Applications
We may collect information from your mobile device, including through certain applications on your mobile device, such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our Website, your location, or your order history and/or selected meals.
We use mobile device information to identify unique visitors, and in understanding how users interact with us on their mobile devices.
Order Placement
We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, and credit card number when you place an order.
We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
Partner Promotion
We may collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.
We work with partners and may use your data in certain joint promotions.
Surveys
When you participate in a survey, we collect information that you provide through the survey.  If the survey is provided by a third party, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
We use survey data to understand your opinions, and to collect information relevant to our organization.
Sweepstakes or contests
When you participate in a sweepstakes or contest we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.
We use your data to conduct contests or sweepstakes.  In some contexts we are also required by law to collect information about those who enter into our sweepstakes.
Website interactions
We use technology to monitor how you interact with our Website. This may include which links you click on or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.
We use this information to understand how you interact with our Website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful.  We may also use this data to detect fraud.
Web logs
We collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.
We use this information to monitor our networks and the visitors to our Website .  Among other things, it helps us understand which of our services is the most popular.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website (e.g., leaving comments or star-ratings for recipes), or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our
terms of use
.
In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources (and sources that collect information on our behalf), including third parties, service providers (e.g., our e-commerce platform provider), business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources. For example, we receive data concerning sign-ins and contact information for individuals that enroll in cooking courses provided by Rouxbe (www.rouxbe.com). In addition, we may also provide information to service providers and other vendors (e.g., credit-card processors), including as set forth below in relation to California law.
USE AND PROCESSING OF INFORMATION.
In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:
To identify you when you visit our Websites or our stores.
To provide products and services or to process returns.
To improve our services and product offerings.
To streamline the checkout process.
To conduct analytics.
To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.
To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions.
For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To respond to legal actions and/or law enforcement requests and otherwise comply with requests and legal obligations as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations
Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, and your information may also be collected by service providers (e.g., our third-party credit-card processors).
SHARING OF INFORMATION.
In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:
Affiliates and Acquisitions.
We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).  We may share information in relation to a corporate transaction if we are involved in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control, including negotiation and diligence of such transactions.
Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
Other Disclosures to Non-Affiliated Third Parties or Service Providers
.
We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.
Public.
Our Website may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available.
Partner Promotion.
We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners. If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy.
Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.
YOUR CHOICES.
You can make the following choices regarding your personal information:
Access To Your Personal Information.
You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
Changes To Your Personal Information.
We rely on you to update and correct your personal information. You may update, correct or modify information about you at any time by logging into your online account.  If you wish to remove your personal information from our connected services, you may do so
here
, but note we may continue to store required information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. You can manage and unsubscribe from email notifications from
here
or deactivate or delete your account
here
. Users from Android/iOS can request the account deletion in the settings options of the respective app platform. If our Website does not permit you to update or correct certain information, you may contact us at the address described below in order to request that your information be modified.
Deletion Of Your Personal Information.
Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
How users may request deletion of that data:
to request deletion of data, you can follow these instructions -
https://my.forksmealplanner.com/delete-instructions
Objection to Certain Processing.
You may object to our use or disclosure of your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.  If required by law, upon request, we will grant your request.
Online Tracking and Cookies.
We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions however, you can adjust your
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
.
Information Collected from Visitors.
For the purposes of providing customer support, Forks Meal Planner relies on a third-party service called Full Story to collect information on your use of our Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, non-sensitive text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information, and Internet Service Provider (“Usage Data”).Our purpose in collecting Usage Information is to better understand how Forks Meal Planner Visitors use the Site. Forks Meal Planner does not use the Usage Information to identify its Visitors and does not disclose the Usage Information other than under the circumstances described in this Privacy Policy.
As a Visitor, Forks Meal Planner collects potentially personally identifying information like Internet Protocol (or “IP”) addresses (“Potential PII”). Also, you may choose to interact with the Site that results in your providing Personal Information to Forks Meal Planner, such as giving us your name, user name and password when signing up for a free trial of the Service.
If you wish to prevent Forks Meal Planner from using the FullStory Services to be able to record activity when using the service, you can
opt-out
of FullStory Services. Opting out will create a cookie that tells FullStory to turn off recording on any site which uses the FullStory Services. The presence of this cookie is required to continue opting out, so if you clear your browser cookies, you will have to opt-out again. (We regret that there isn't a better way to make your opt-out more permanent, but due to technical reasons, this really is the best we can do at present.)
Promotional Emails.
The fastest way to opt out of receiving promotional communications from us is to visit your
notification settings
in your Forks Meal Planner account. You can also email
support@forksmealplanner.com
to request to be removed within 48 hours. If you opt out, we may still send you essential non-promotional communications, such as notifications related to your account or our ongoing business relations.
Promotional Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”
Please address written requests and questions about your rights to
info@upbeetbrands.com
or call us at
888-533-2063
.
Note that, as required by law, we will require you to prove your identity. We may conduct an identity verification by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.
In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us.
If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request:
A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.
If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.
If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
Our Website may permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
MISCELLANEOUS
The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:
Transmission of Information to Other Countries.
We may transmit your information between or among our affiliates. As a result your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction, you can contact us using the contact information below.
Third-Party Applications/Websites.
We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. Our Website may contain links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a convenience to you. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Children Under the Age of 13.
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by email (
info@upbeetbrands.com
) or by phone (888-533-2063).
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may change our Privacy Policy and practices over time.  To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.
Accessibility.
If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader.
Information for California Residents.
California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share
here
. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the “Contact Information” section below.  We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at
customerservice@forksoverknives.com, support@forksmealplanner.com,
or the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.
Upbeet Brands
9960 W. Cheyenne Ave #212 Las Vegas, NV 89129
Forks Over Knives, LLC
9960 W. Cheyenne Ave #212 Las Vegas, NV 89129
The Beet
9960 W. Cheyenne Ave #212 Las Vegas, NV 89129
CALIFORNIA INFORMATION SHARING DISCLOSURE
California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether the following categories of personal information are collected, transferred for “valuable consideration,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law). We do not sell your personal information. The table below indicates the categories of personal information we collect and transfer in a variety of contexts.  Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself.  For example, while we transfer credit card or debit card numbers for our business purpose in order to process payments for orders placed with us, we do not collect or transfer credit card or debit card numbers of individuals that submit questions through our Website’s “contact us” page.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Disclose Personal Information for Business Purpose
Identifiers
–such as name, postal address, phone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, device ID, email address, account name, driver’s license number, or other similar identifiers.
Service providers
Product and service fulfillment companies
Internet service providers
Advertising networks
Social networks
Payment processors and financial institutions
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law
Data analytics providers
Financial information
–such as credit or debit card number or other financial information.
Service providers
Payment processors and financial institutions
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants, and other parties as required by law
Commercial information
– such as information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Service providers
Product and service fulfillment companies
Advertising networks
Social networks
Payment processors and financial institutions
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants, and other parties as required by law
Data analytics providers
Network activity data
–internet or other electronic network activity information, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Service providers
Product and service fulfillment companies
Internet service providers
Advertising networks
Social networks
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law
Data analytics providers
Electronic and sensory data
– such as audio, electronic, or similar information
Service providers
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants and other parties as required by law
Inferences
– drawn from any of the information listed above to create a profile
Service providers
Advertising networks
Social Networks
Government entities, law enforcement, lawyers, auditors, consultants, and other parties as required by law
Data analytics providers
Was this helpful?
Related Articles
Terms of Service
(opens in a new tab)
Send