Privacy Policy
Updated May 24th, 2018
What we do at Stridekick
At Stridekick, our mission is to make fitness fun and accessible for individuals of all activity levels. We aim to empower people to lead a healthier life and provide a community that supports them along their fitness journey.
To provide this Service to you, we collect some information about you. We appreciate that you share this information with us. We work hard to make sure your information is secure and private. We also want be transparent with you on what we collect, how we use it and what you can do to control your information.
How we gather information
Information you provide us
Account Information
You provide us with information when you create an account such as your name, email, username, and password. This information is required for account creation. You may also share a profile photo and your activity preferences.
Additional Information
When you use our Service and interact with certain features, you may choose to provide us with additional information such as chats, messages on group threads or discussion boards, comments, likes, and logs for things like your mood, food, or other specified habits.
If you contact us or participate in a survey, contest or promotion, we gather the information you provide such as name, contact info, organization or company name, and message.
Payment and card information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Information from using our services
Device and Activity Information
Your fitness tracking device or mobile smartphone collects data to estimate a variety of metrics like your steps, distance traveled and active minutes moved. Not every device tracks every one of these metrics. The data collected varies depending on the device you use. When your device syncs with our applications and software, data recorded on your device is transferred from your device or device app to our service.
When you pair your device to your account, you grant us access to your exercise or activity data from that device service. You can use your account settings and tools to withdraw this consent at any time by stopping use of a feature, removing our access to a third-party service, unpairing your device, or deleting your data or your account.
Location Information
We collect your timezone. This is either gathered from your mobile device, your connected fitness device or is manually set by you. We use timezone to allow challenges to start and end locally at the same time for everyone participating in the challenge. You can change your timezone at any time in your profile settings.
Usage information
When you access or use our Services, we retain certain usage data. This includes information about your interaction with our Services such as how long you're in our app or what you're viewing in our app.
We also collect data about the devices and computers you use to access our Services, including IP addresses, browser type, language, operating system, fitness device type or mobile device information, the referring web page and pages visited.
How we use information
Provide and maintain our services
We use things like your activity information, username, and location to run things like challenges, groups and other core services listed in our Terms & Services. This includes things like scoring your activity in a challenge, populating your dashboard and personal trends, enabling our community features, and providing you with support.
Develop and improve our services
By using our product, you're constantly helping us to improve! We take a look at what is resonating with most of our users to ensure we can continue to create useful features that you love. We're always looking to make our existing features better and how you interact with our product helps us decide what improvements should be made.
Communicate with you
We use your information to communicate important service, account or support updates. This allows us to provide relevant information about our product and to respond to you when you contact us. You can always turn off your marketing preferences by unsubscribing at the bottom of emails and by adjusting your app notifications in your profile settings.
Keep our services safe and secure
It's important that you're always safe and secure when using our services. We use some of your information to ensure we are only allowing secure usage by authenticating your account details, protecting against fraud and abuse and enforcing our terms and policies.
How we share information
When you agree or ask us to share
If you choose to participate in a challenge, information like your profile photo, posted messages, total steps in the challenge, personal statistics, and achievements will be visible to all other challenge participants.
If you sign up for our service through an organization, remember that their use of your information will be governed by their privacy policies and terms. You can revoke your consent to share with organizational or employee wellness programs by deleting your personal account.
Stridekick does not control the way our organizational clients or admins use our tool. They control the configuration of groups, challenges, content, and communications associated with hosting a wellness activation.
With trusted partners
We may share certain information, including personal data, with trusted third-party partners who help us deliver and improve our services, such as analytics providers, retail merchant partners, and advertisers. These partners may use the data to personalize their offerings, develop new products, and deliver relevant content to you. We require our partners to adhere to strict privacy and security standards.
Using your data for personalization and recommendations
We may use your personal data to recommend products, services, or content that we believe will be valuable to you. By analyzing your activity, preferences, and usage patterns, we aim to make your experience with Stridekick more personalized, relevant, and enjoyable.
Corporate Events
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Stridekick. If this does occur, you will be notified of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your personal information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Sharing and monetizing personal information
To support and grow our business, we may sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal information with third parties, including advertisers, merchant partners, and other organizations, for purposes such as marketing, product development, or service improvement. This includes using your data to help these partners provide personalized recommendations or offerings tailored to your interests and needs. While we carefully vet these third parties to ensure they meet privacy and security standards, you may contact us at any time with questions or concerns about how your data is used or shared.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons) to analyze trends, administer our services, track users' movements around the website and app, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. View our full list of cookie technologies below.
Google Analytics
Provides visitor behaviors and actions which allows us to understand how these visitors are interacting with the site, which allows us to communicate appropriately with them, both online and offline.
Stripe
Allows us to accept payments for users who choose to upgrade our various services.
Branch
Allows us to provide universal links to our website and mobile applications.
CloudFlare
Allows us to serve static content securely from Cloudflare's global CDN network
Intercom
Allows us to provide efficient and contextual customer support.
TrackJS
Allow us to track errors across the mobile app and website
Embedly
Tool that allows us to extract information such as images and text from links on the mobile app and website
FilePicker.io
Allow us to upload user submitted photos to our application.
How you control your information
Our goal is to make control over your information simple. You can easily edit your information in your profile:
Update your name, email, username, and timezone.
Choose to set your profile to private.
Completely delete your account at any time. Stridekick will delete all your information within 30 days.
For client challenges, your challenge admin has access to the same information you share with Stridekick. You can opt out of this information being shared at any time by asking to be removed from their group.
If you’re participating as part of an organizational client who chooses to end their service with us, your data may be deleted within 30 days of the client service termination.
How you can learn more
If you have any specific questions about your data privacy please contact our Data Privacy Officer (DPO) at privacy@stridekick.com