Main Content
ACR
Data and Privacy Policy
Home
Add to Reading List
Share
The American College of Radiology® (ACR®) is committed to respecting your privacy and complying with data protection regulations. This privacy notice is intended to provide you with clear and transparent information on how we collect, use, store, and protect your personal information and applies when you visit or use the internet properties of ACR. By accessing or using any ACR internet properties including, without limitation, acr.org, pages.acr.org, sso.acr.org, and any other websites containing the ACR.org domain (collectively referred to as "ACR Websites"), you agree to comply with and be bound by this Privacy Notice.
Collecting Personal Information
When visiting ACR Websites, we collect information about you in two ways: directly from your input and through cookies. The information we may collect depends on the ways in which you interact with ACR as well as the products and services you elect to receive.
ACR directly collects personal information in the following situations: (1) when you become a member or participate as an ACR volunteer; (2) when you buy a product or service or register for an event; and (3) when you attend or speak at an ACR event or contribute to an ACR publication.
While some of the information collected by ACR is required for the purpose of processing membership requests or purchases, you may voluntarily provide additional information. Information collected could include, but is not limited to, the following:
Your name, address(es), phone and/or mobile number(s), and email address(es).
Your account information, such as purchase history, subscriptions you use, membership status, meeting attendance, volunteer engagement, or other information related directly to your account
Information that you share in your account profile such as date of birth, gender, ethnicity, profile photo, NPI number, education, credentials, and licenses.
Your banking or payment information. For example, we’ll collect the data necessary to process a payment whenever you make a purchase.
The content of your contact with us, such as information about a call you make to us, an email sent, or other records of any interaction with us.
Your preferences for particular products, services, communications, event registrations, and interests based on how you use our products and services and through information you provide in the ACR Communication Preference Center.
Your location data. For example, a location is derived from your IP address, geolocation, or other data such as a zip code or name of a town or city.
See the “Cookies” section for details on what information is collected using Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixels, and other technologies, including digital advertising.
We may also collect personal information when such information is available from public sources. We also collect information from certain organizations, where appropriate and to the extent we have legal grounds to do so, such as fraud-prevention agencies, business directories, and billing calculating agencies.
Use of Personal Information
ACR processes and uses your personal information for the legitimate interests of ACR. These legitimate interests relate to serving ACR members and customers and fulfilling our
Mission
. More specifically, ACR collects, stores, and uses personal information to:
Register individuals for ACR events (e.g., Annual Meeting, conferences);
Communicate information concerning upcoming ACR events and issues regarding the professions of radiology, radiation oncology and medical physics;
Arrange for speakers at ACR events and authors for ACR publications;
Provide you with products or services that you have requested or purchased, including sharing your delivery address with our fulfillment center and shipper;
Process your payment for ACR membership, products, services, and events;
Determine membership eligibility and enroll you as a member in ACR;
Administer and provide you with the benefits of ACR membership;
Develop a membership directory for ACR;
Communicate with you and to respond to questions that you have raised with us;
Administer the ACR Websites;
Prevent and detect fraud; and
Protect and enforce our legal rights.
How We Protect Your Information
We use appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect your personal information from data loss, destruction, unauthorized access, and accidental and/or unlawful disclosure or manipulation. We also require our business partners and service providers to use appropriate safeguards. These measures are subject to continuous improvement actions as technologies progress. They are also reviewed and measured periodically to comply with all applicable privacy laws.
Your personal information will be stored in accordance with the ACR Records Retention Schedule, which is reviewed and updated periodically.
Your Choices and Data Protection Rights
If you are an ACR member or customer, you can opt out of marketing communications by changing your settings in the ACR Communication Preference Center. If you want to opt out of receiving future communications, you may do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing email you receive from us.
If you are a person residing in the European Union (EU) or another jurisdiction with data protection regulations, you have other specific rights with respect to your personal information:
Right to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information
Right to restrict processing, object to processing, or request portability of your personal information
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact
privacy@acr.org
. We respond to all requests in accordance with the applicable data protection laws.
Cookies
Most websites you visit, including ACR Websites, will use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to improve your user experience by enabling the website to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit (using a ‘session cookie’) or for repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’).
Cookies perform various functions, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and improving your overall website experience. Cookies make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier. Without cookies, the website would consider you a new visitor every time you move to a new page on the site – for example, when you enter your login credentials and proceed to another page, the website won’t recognize you and won’t be able to keep you logged in.
Cookies may be set by the website you are visiting (“first party cookies”) or they may be set by other websites who run content on the page you are viewing (“third party cookies”). When you use ACR Websites, services, applications, messaging and tools, authorized service providers may collect information such as your IP address, geographical location, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. We use this information to operate and improve your experience on our websites.
For further information, visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
Cookies We Use
Necessary
– Used to help make ACR Websites usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences
– Used to help ACR recognize you on ACR websites and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Statistical
– Used to help ACR understand how visitors interact with ACR Websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing
– Used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and therefore more valuable for publishers and third-party advertisers.
Control the Cookies Used on Our Site
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device a bit intrusive, particularly when this information is stored and used by a third party without their knowledge. Although this is generally quite harmless you may not, for example, want to see content that has been targeted to your interests.
If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your browser settings to either notify you when cookies are sent or refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. ACR Websites do work without cookies, but you will lose some features and functionality if you choose to disable cookies.
In addition to your control of cookies through your own browser, you can change which types of cookies apply to your visit on our site by clicking the indigo button at the bottom of this page:
“Renew or change your cookie consent."
This feature allows you to turn on or off whole categories of cookies. Please note that Necessary Cookies are essential for the operation of ACR Websites and cannot be disabled through this feature.
Privacy Policies of Other Websites
This notice does not apply to other websites you visit, including those you visit through links provided on ACR Websites. These websites may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all and may use personal data differently than ACR permits. They may utilize their own Cookies, Web Beacons, Pixels, or other tracking technologies on your browser or device. Once you enter another website (whether through an advertisement, service or content link, embedded email, or otherwise), be aware that ACR is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of such other sites and is not responsible for the information collected. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site before providing any personal data.
Protecting Children's Privacy
ACR is committed to protecting children's privacy on the internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Privacy Notice Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make material changes, we will notify you by posting a notice on this website, as well as informing you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or ACR’s data protection practices, please contact us.
Phone
1-800-227-5463
Email
privacy@acr.org
Matt Jordan
Vice President, Infrastructure and Information Security and Chief Information Security Officer
mjordan@acr.org
Daniel Reardon, MPA, CHPC
Vice President, Corporate Compliance & Integrity and Data Protection Officer
dreardon@acr.org
Mail
American College of Radiology
ATTN: Privacy Department
1892 Preston White Drive
Reston, VA 20191
Last Updated: February 7, 2025
Renew or change your cookie consent
Top