Latina Dating Privacy Policy
Latina Dating ("we," "us" or "Latina Dating") is firmly committed to privacy. The following policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Application (the "Application") and use of our service (the "Service"). By accessing the Application, you accept this Privacy Policy and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a revised Policy on this Application and emailing a copy of the revised Policy to members without prior notice and such changes become effective once a revised Privacy Policy is posted on our Application. Your continued use of our Application constitutes your acceptance of such changes. Accordingly, you should review this Privacy Policy from time to time for changes.
The Application and the Service are intended for use by individuals over the age of 18. Individuals under 18 years of age should not use or access the Application and the Service.
The protection of your privacy is very important and we have adopted the following practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information.
What Information is collected?
We collect two types of information: personally identifiable information ("PII") and non-personally identifiable information ("Non-PII"), which is also referred to as aggregate and anonymous data.
What information do you gather automatically from visitors?
We gather information about how you access the Application and use the Service, including the type of device you use to access the Service, your location, your domain name and IP address, your mobile device, your internet browser software, operating system and platform. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
We also gather information about your use of the Application and Service, including statistical data about your visit such as the date and time of your visit, the number of links you have clicked on, the pages you have visited, and the number of times you have visited, the advertising you could see while on the Application. We do use cookies to identify traffic that comes through advertising and to facilitate a more user friendly experience. Cookies are small pieces of information that a web site places on your computer's hard drive so we know it's you when you visit. This helps us to create a personalized experience for you when you visit our site. The use of cookies is a very common practice on the Internet and provides for a more customized user experience of the Application. If you are uncomfortable with this, you can disable all cookies through your browser settings. Your enjoyment of our site won't be adversely affected if you have set your browser to reject cookies.
What information will you ask me for?
When you establish an Ad Profile on the Application and/or the Service you will be asked for some general identifying information which will enable us to provide you with this individualized service. We may collect and use information you provide us with, including information such as your account user name, date of birth, email address, gender and any other information you have provided to us through your use of the Application or Services or otherwise.
While registering and creating an Ad Profile, you will be given the option of creating a pseudonymous profile (username, password and personal description) using your applicable gender. Personal information that may identify you other than your photograph is not permitted on your Ad Profile. Please note, you may upload photos to your Ad Profile. The type of photos you upload may clearly identify you. Any photos you upload to your Ad Profile, including those that are set as private, will be accessible by any user you have granted access to, as well as users who have purchased the Latina Dating subscription.
What information do we collect from third parties?
We may collect information from other sources, including third party sites that you may choose to link to your account (such as Facebook). We may obtain the information that you have provided to that third party, to the extent allowed by the third party site and authorised by you.
How will this information be used and who has access to it?
Non-PII
Your Non-PII is used to personalize your experience, allow other members to find you through a search, to compose your personal profile which is associated with a pseudonymous identity you have created and to deliver targeted advertising and promotional offers to you from external companies that are of the highest relevance to your demographic profile. We may share some of this information for our own analysis and research purposes with our professional advisors or consultants and third party partners in order to deliver, manage, monitor, maintain, develop and improve our Services or the Application.
PII
The PII we collect from you is used in the course of providing our service to you and to manage, monitor, maintain, develop or improve the content and functionality of our Services and Application, or customize the layout of our pages for each individual member. We may use your contact information to send you valuable updates and timely notices of promotions and mailbox status reports. We may also use your PII to send electronic mail to you, for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the Service, or of any Latina Dating products and services. Latina Dating does not rent, sell or otherwise provide your PII to third parties for marketing, direct marketing or solicitation purposes. The PII we collect is not released to any non-affiliated third party without your prior consent except as provided below:
Payment
All payments are processed via the Apple iTunes Store The Privacy Policies of those third parties governs their use of PII provided to them (please see https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/).
Advertisers and Third-Parties
We may disclose your Non-PII to third party organizations, agents and service providers to assist us in providing the Services, as well as conducting market and business research and analysis for any of the purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy.
We promote third party advertisers on Latina Dating. Clicking advertisements may redirect you to Applications where the third party’s collection, use or disclosure of Non-PII or PII you provide to them is beyond our control. We will never pass personally identifying information about you to advertisers - even when you are logged in and click an advertisement.
Different sites have very different privacy practices and policies. We recommend you locate and read the privacy policy of any site you are redirected to.
Third-Party Social Networking Sites
When you have enabled the use of our Services through a third-party social networking or similar site or mobile or other application (a "Social Networking Site"), such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, you permit Latina Dating to access certain information about you that is made available to Latina Dating through or from that Social Networking Site. The information obtained by Latina Dating varies by Social Networking Site and may be affected by the privacy settings you establish at that Social Networking Site, but can include information such as your name, profile picture, network, gender, username, user ID, age range or birthday, language, location, country and other information. By accessing or using our Services through a Social Networking Site, you are authorizing Latina Dating to collect, store, retain and use, in accordance with this Policy, any and all of your information that Latina Dating has obtained from the Social Networking Site, including to create a Latina Dating profile page and account for you. Your agreement to the foregoing takes place when you "accept" or "allow" or “go to" (or other similar terms) our application on a Social Networking Site or the transfer of information to Latina Dating from such site. If there is information about your “friends" or people you are associated with in your Social Networking Site account, the information we obtain about those persons may also depend on the privacy settings such people have with the applicable Social Networking Site. You acknowledge and agree that Latina Dating is not responsible for, and has no control over, any applicable privacy settings on any Social Networking Sites (including any settings related to any messages or advertisements about Latina Dating that the Social Networking Site may send to you or your friends). You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on Social Networking Sites before getting or using applications such as ours or linking or connecting your Social Networking Site account to the Services. You may also unlink your Social Networking Site account from the Services by adjusting your settings on the Social Networking Site.
We may disclose your PII to respond to law enforcement requests; or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations; or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our site; or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions).
Sale or Merger
We may disclose and sell PII in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business or a portion of the business of our Application, including a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, sale of assets or other corporate change of our direct or indirect parent companies that affects us.
How do we respond to Do Not Track signals?
The Application and/or Service supports the Do Not Track browser setting. Do Not Track (“DNT") is a preference you can set in your Web browser to let the Applications you visit know that you do not want them collecting certain information about you. For more details about Do Not Track, including how to enable or disable this preference, visit the Electronic Frontier Foundation page.
Application users who send Do Not Track signals will not experience an adverse effect on their experience with the Application.
How long do you keep the information I've provided you?
We keep the information you have given us for as long as your Ad Profile stays active or hidden. By accessing and updating your email notification preferences, personal information and public information You have the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to us, and to hide information visible to the public users of the Application at anytime by going to the 'Settings' -> 'Notifications' section on your Ad Profile.
Please be aware that it may take several hours for any custom changes you make to take effect on the public areas of the system. Please also note that changing or deleting your information through the 'Notifications' section of the system, or opting-out of email notifications from us, will only change or delete the data in our database for the purpose of future activities and communications. These changes and deletions will not change or delete information or emails that are queued to be sent or have already been sent.
Your PII will be deleted from our systems (other than records kept as required by applicable law or for general backup, archival or record keeping purposes) if your account is inactive for 24 months.
Unsolicited Contact (SPAM)
Latina Dating does not send unsolicited email at any time. Any abuse or evidence of unsolicited email that appears to have been initiated from us, directly or indirectly, should be brought to the immediate attention of our compliance officer by using the Contact Form.
Do you monitor online behavior?
Our users communicate with each other through Application chat Messaging. While we do not, as a rule, moderate or monitor members' private exchanges, we reserve the right to do so if we suspect users of being under the age of 18 or of using our service for the purpose of solicitation or any other violation of our Terms & Conditions or Privacy Policy. Submissions that appear on the public area of the site are moderated and, if necessary, we reserve the right to edit, delete, remove or not use any communication on a public area of the site.
Security
We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. To safeguard the confidentiality and security of your PII, we use industry standard practices and technologies including but not limited to "firewalls", encrypted transmission via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) and strong data encryption of sensitive personal information when it is stored to disk. However, because the internet is an open network, we cannot warrant or guarantee that your PII is safe from unauthorised access or use. Non-PII and PII may be kept on computer systems operated by third parties. We will take reasonable precautions against unauthorised access and disclosure by those third parties.
Access to PII
Your PII remains yours. You may request access to, or the correction or deletion of, your PII that is held by us by editing that information through the registered access section of our Application or using the contact details set out at the end of this Privacy Policy and we will provide access to, delete it or correct it in accordance with our obligations under the applicable privacy legislation.
How to contact us
If you wish to contact us about this Privacy Policy, including requesting corrections to your PII, you can contact us at info at
latina.dating19@gmail.com