Privacy Policy
Introduction
CME Meetings Limited, trading as HospitalBuddy ("we" or "us") fully respects and protects your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website & app.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully before using this website & app. If you do not read it or if you disagree with any aspect of this Privacy Statement, you should not use this website & app. Your use of this website & app signifies your agreement to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Please note that this Privacy Statement is subject to the Terms of Service of the HospitalBuddy website & app. Please view a copy of the Terms of Service here.
The Collection of Information
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content on our website & app, and to help improve your online experience.
If you are seeking to use the services offered by HospitalBuddy, then you will be asked to register. We use any personal information you provide to identify you as a qualified medical practitioner, to process your registration and to deliver relevant information on events and meetings and other resources to you. We will not give or sell your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes without your consent.
Registration will oblige you to provide certain personal information to us. Such information will include, without limitation, personal details such as your name, email address, specialty, country and your medical registration number, or equivalent.
We may use your email address to contact you from time-to-time to update you on matters concerning the service we provide. We may also use your email address to send you information and / or promotional content from partners and / or carefully selected third parties. You consent to us contacting you in this regard. You can unsubscribe from this informational service at any stage and still remain a member of HospitalBuddy.
You also acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information that you have provided to us to third parties, for example, in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process, as well as to protect and defend our rights.
The Use of Information by Us
Certain kinds of information are collected about users of HospitalBuddy in order to:
Help us to monitor and improve the services we offer
Sell advertising space on HospitalBuddy
To protect HospitalBuddy and our users
Visitors should be aware that each time they visit a website or app, two general levels of information about their visit can be retained. The first level comprises statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all users who visit the site, and the second is information that is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. It is policy of this website & app to respect and protect the privacy of our users and never wilfully disclose individually identifiable information about our users to any third party without first receiving that user’s permission.
We may occasionally email you with information or updates or with queries about your registration or account, for instance to request permissions or advise you of changes.
To help provide you with an optimum service, we use an email management company called Mailchimp, whose data privacy policy can be found at
http://www.mailchimp.com/terms-policies/privacy-policy/
.
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
For some of our features, we provide hospital administrators with your name and Irish Medical Council number or equivalent to enable them to track attendance at meetings or to track access to hospital specific resources uploaded to HospitalBuddy.ie. You acknowledge and agree to this information being disclosed to hospital administrators working at your hospital.
We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Stored Personal Information
As a registered user of HospitalBuddy, whenever you use our service, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
If at any time after giving us this information you decide that you no longer wish us to hold or use this information, or you wish to change this information, you are free to notify us, and we will remove or rectify the information promptly. We do not collect or keep your personal data unless it is necessary for the purpose(s) set out above nor do we keep your personal data for longer than is necessary. You have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you and to request its correction or deletion. To obtain a copy of this information, please send an email to
support@hospitalbuddy.ie
.
Where we store your Personal Data
The data that we collect from you is stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. All information you provide to us is stored in secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Security
HospitalBuddy accounts are secured by user-created passwords. Due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the protection of your personal data and therefore we are not responsible for any loss or damage resulting to you when our website / app is used. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate industry and technical protocols and standards) to protect your personal data.
In common with other websites and apps that you may visit, you should be aware that each time you visit the HospitalBuddy website & app, two general levels of information about your visit can be retained. The first level comprises information which is personal or particular to a specific visitor who knowingly chooses to provide that information. Such information is collected through the use of Cookies.
IP Addresses and Cookies
We collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our sites and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our sites according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our sites
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you log on to our sites. Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
External Links
HospitalBuddy may contain links to other websites and resources. If you access those links, you will leave our website & app. CME Meetings Limited is not responsible for the content of external internet websites. We encourage you to review the privacy statement of any company before submitting your personal information. We cannot accept responsibility for external websites or resources, or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
Sale of Business
We reserve the right to transfer personal information (including any personal information you have provided to us) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of CME Meetings Limited, a subsidiary, or line of business associated with our business.
Amending our Privacy Policy
CME Meetings Limited reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If there are updates to the content of this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes and shall update the revision date at the top of this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Whilst we will endeavour to bring any material changes to this Privacy Policy to your attention, we encourage you to check our website from time to time at
https://www.hospitalbuddy.ie
for any amendments which may be made.
Data Protection
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller can be contacted directly by emailing
support@hospitalbuddy.ie
.
What are our Lawful Bases for Processing?
The lawful bases for processing are set out in Article 6 of the GDPR. We have identified we process data under the following criteria:
(a) Consent
: the individual has given clear consent for us to process their personal data for a specific purpose.
(b) Contract
: the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because they have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract.
(c) Legal obligation
: the processing is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations).
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes and you have the right to have your data removed completely from our system. You can exercise the right at any time by contacting us at support@hospitalbuddy.ie to change your preferences. Our sites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to Information and your Rights
You have the right to access information held about you, to have this data corrected or removed completely. Your right of access can be exercised at any time. We may seek to verify your identity before disclosing the data as due process. This will follow an internal procedure that is standardised across the company. You may also submit an information request to support@hospitalbuddy.ie.
GDPR provides the following rights for individuals:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
Changes to our Privacy and Cookie Policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy and cookie policy in the future will be posted on our sites and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contacting Us
Please feel free to contact us for any reason at the
support@hospitalbuddy.ie
email address.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Statement is governed by the laws of the Republic of Ireland. It is a condition precedent to the use of HospitalBuddy that any such user submits to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Ireland and to the application of the law in that jurisdiction, including any party accessing such information or facilities acting on their own behalf or on behalf of others.
Disclaimer
CME MEETINGS LIMITED ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SERVANTS AND AGENTS, AFFILIATES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS, EMERGENCIES, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, LOSSES, EXPENSES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE LEGAL FEES AND COSTS OF PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR DISSEMINATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gphorizon.com/http:/www.mailchimp.com/terms-policies/privacy-policy/:
SIGN IN
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
A secure discussion forum created by GPs for GPs
SIGN UP TODAY
What is NB On Call?
NB On Call is a closed, private and supportive forum for professional discussion between GPs accessible via their web-site and App on iOS / Android. It is for registered GPs only, and is a safe space where GPs can ask questions and share clinical and non-clinical problems and issues with fellow GPs.
Developing the way we connect in primary care
Safe, instant messaging that enables us to seek guidance from our trusted peers in general practice. NB on call is free, easy to use, and converts time spent on the app into CPD certificates for your appraisal.
A protected social network for GPs
NB on call members must enter a valid GMC number when enrolling. All accounts are checked against the GMC register to protect user security and private discussion.
Keep the conversation going
Designed for informal, professional conversation, NB on call brings colleagues in general practice closer together, every day. Created to generate quick responses, NB on call allows you to converse with the GP community at the push of a button.
Stay connected, on the go
Offer support and share opinions from any device, at any time. We encourage a variety of diverse perspectives from across the UK, with no judgement.
1,500+ topics
7,000+ comments
CONTACT US
CONTACT@NBONCALL.COM
+44 191 6030985
Unit 1, Witney Way, Boldon Business Park, Boldon, Tyne & Wear, NE35 9PE
About us
Founded over 25 years ago, NB Medical Education continues to be the UK's leading private primary care educator. Since 1998, over 20,000 medical professionals per year trust our update courses to provide the best, most informative CPD.
The NB Medical Education live webinars allow us to connect with GPs from across the UK, answering questions surrounding course content. However, we often find ourselves wanting to develop certain question topics into a detailed discussion, encouraging the input of our GP colleagues.
Inspired by the diverse knowledge and wide-ranging expertise of the NB audience, our aim was to create a safe space for healthcare professionals to seek and offer advice, without judgement.
Motivated by our ethos of 'made by GPs for GPs', NB on Call offers a secure discussion forum for registered general practitioners. It's purpose is to share both clinical and non-clinical problems with trusted GP peers who may have already encountered similar situations.
Let's keep the conversation going
Founded over 25 years ago
We are trusted by over 20,000 medical professionals every year
SIGN UP TODAY FOR FREE
REGISTER
Enter your details on our
registration page
to setup your NB On Call account
VERIFY
Once you're registered, you will be asked to provide your GMC number to verify your access
CONTRIBUTE
That's it. Once your access have been approved, you're ready to connect with peers and join the conversation
SIGN UP TODAY
Are you an NB Medical customer?
Just enter your existing NB Medical account details to login.
Our Charter
NB On Call is designed for informal professional discussions between medical professionals who have been verified and registered on our system. Its purpose is to share both clinical and non-clinical problems with trusted peers who may have already encountered the problems you are highlighting.
There are boundaries to discussions with regard to what is and what is not allowed.
Always act in a professional and ethical manner
Do not post any confidential patient information or information or material which might be legally actionable, or disclose anonymised information from which a patient could still be identified. (See GMC guidance on protecting information)
Remember that
YOU
are ultimately responsible for what you post.
The following is NOT allowed
Advertising
If you would like an advertise on NB On Call, please
contact us
Flaming
Posts containing personal attacks on another user will be edited / deleted
Spamming
Topics / posts that are just complete nonsense will be deleted
Racism
Topics / posts containing such will be edited/deleted accordingly
Pornography
Topics / posts containing such will be deleted on sight
Text Speak and Shouting
For example, using all block capitals in your posts. This is best avoided. It will be edited or if incomprehensible will be deleted
Off Topic
Posts that stray off topic will be edited / deleted, depending on their relevance to the topic at hand
Relentless negativity
Whilst we all like a spirited debate, the main purpose of this forum is to support and encourage your peers
We will not tolerate harassment of any kind.
Harassment in this instance includes you being intimidating, threatening, abusive, hostile or otherwise offensive towards another person. The purpose of this forum is to support and encourage your peers
Policies
GP Forum Solutions Limited 10606472
Registered Office: 32 Portland Terrace, Newcastle Upon Tyne NE2 1QP
VAT No. 294 4055 88
Contact us: contact@nboncall.com