Privacy Policy
The Claris Privacy Policy was updated December 22, 2022.
Your privacy is important to Claris International Inc. and Claris International (UK) (“Claris,” “we,” or “our”). We’ve developed this Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, and share personal information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and contact us at
privacy@claris.com
if you have any questions.
California Privacy Disclosures
(opens in a new window)
Information Regarding Commercial Electronic Messages in Canada
(opens in a new window)
What is Personal Information at Claris?
Claris treats any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Claris as “personal information,” no matter where the individual lives. This means that data that directly identifies a person — such as a name — is personal information, and also data that does not directly identify a person, but that can reasonably be used to identify a person, is personal information. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Our products are primarily used by businesses (our “Customers”). With respect to any personal information that is uploaded by Customers to our products and services, Claris acts as a “Data Processor” (or “Service Provider”) to these Customers as defined under applicable privacy or data protection laws, which may include the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Claris acts as a “Data Controller” (or “Business”) as defined under applicable privacy or data protection laws for other personal information that it collects for its own business purposes from Customers and other individuals, such as contact information for Customer employees that interact with Claris.
This Privacy Policy applies where Claris acts as a “Data Controller” or a “Business” under applicable privacy or data protection laws.
Personal Information Claris Collects from You
The personal information Claris collects depends on how you interact with Claris. For example, you may be asked to provide personal information when you are in contact with Claris or a Claris affiliated company about a product or service, and when you are the purchaser of a Claris product or service. Claris and its affiliates may combine your personal information with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information requested. However, if you chose not to do so, in many cases you will not be able to access our products or services.
When you register and/or use our products, purchase a product, download a software trial or an update, download a solution or app, participate in a forum, register for a webinar or other event, contact us, including by social media, participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Claris, we may collect and/or receive a variety of information, including:
Contact Information.
Data such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, or other contact information.
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, unique device identifier, browser type, and IP address.
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Claris products and services or transactions facilitated by Claris, including purchases on Claris platforms.
Payment Information.
Data about your billing information and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information.
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, such as full name and email address.
Usage Information.
Data about your activity on and use of our products and services, including referrer URL, product interaction, performance and other diagnostic data, and other usage data.
Location Information.
Coarse location derived from IP address.
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Data such as the content of your communications with Claris, including interactions with customer support and when you contact us via social media. We may also collect information about your language preference and occupation.
Personal Information Claris Receives from Other Sources
When you purchase and send Claris products to others or invite others to participate in Claris services or forums, Claris may collect the information you provide about those people, such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number. Claris will use such information to fulfill your requests, provide the relevant product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.
Claris may receive personal information about you from individuals who have invited you to use Claris products or participate in Claris services or forums.
Claris’s Use of Personal Information
Claris uses the personal information to power our services, process transactions, communicate with our Customers, and comply with the law, as well as for security and fraud prevention. We may also use personal information for other purposes with your consent.
Claris uses your personal information only when we have a valid legal basis to do so. Depending on the circumstance, Claris may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, or to comply with the law. We may also process personal information where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact us at
privacy@claris.com
.
Power Our Services.
We use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, and content. We may collect and store details of how you use our services, including search queries. This information may be used to improve our services, including the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information will not be associated with your IP address. We may also use personal information for internal purposes, such as understanding Customer behavior, auditing, data analysis, and research.
Process Your Transactions.
We use personal information to process transactions for products or services that you have requested.
Communicate with You.
The personal information we collect allows us to respond to communications, market our products and services, and keep our Customers posted on Claris’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can click the unsubscribe link in the communication itself. If you are a Claris Customer, you can also opt out any time by
updating your preferences
. Note that from time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Claris, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
We use personal information for anti-fraud purposes. We may use personal information for account and network security purposes, including in order to protect our services for the benefit of all our users. Where we use information for anti-fraud purposes, it arises from the conduct of an online transaction with us. We limit our uses of data for anti-fraud purposes to those which are strictly necessary and within our assessed legitimate interests to protect our Customers, users, and services. For certain online transactions, we may also validate the information provided by you with publicly accessible sources.
Promotions.
If you enter into a sweepstakes, contest, or similar promotion, we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
Job Applications.
If you apply for a position at Claris or we receive your information in connection with a potential role at Claris and may use your information for (i) processing your application for the specific position you have applied for, (ii) processing your application for other open positions within Claris which may be suitable to you, and (iii) seeking your views in relation to your candidate experience. If you do not wish to participate in talent research surveys, please email
recruiting-survey-opt-out@apple.com
. Applicant data is subject to the Candidate Privacy Policy available at jobs.apple.com.
Comply with Law.
We use personal information to comply with applicable law – for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request — and for other compliance purposes such as license compliance verification.
Claris does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you. Claris also does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Where Claris acts as a Data Controller, we retain personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal information collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal information for the shortest possible period permissible under law. Where Claris acts as a Data Processor, we retain personal information for as long as specified in the data processing terms with our Customers.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. For example, we may collect information regarding customer activity on our website and Claris Store and from our other products and services. This information may be aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers, to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest, and to improve and optimize our products and services.
If we combine non-personal information with personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Claris’s Sharing of Personal Information
Claris may share personal information with affiliated companies, service providers and contractors who act on our behalf, at your direction such as where permitted or requested by you, or where required by law.
Service Providers and Contractors
Claris may engage third parties to act as our service providers, contractors, or subprocessors, including to perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products, managing customer data, providing customer service, assessing interest in our products and services, marketing, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. Claris’s service providers, contractors, and subprocessors are obligated to handle personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy, according to our instructions, and in accordance with relevant laws. They cannot use the personal information we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal information once they've fulfilled our request.
Others
Claris may share personal information with others at your direction or with your consent, for example if you download a third party partner’s app from the Claris Marketplace. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions, or to protect our operations or Customers, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Protection of Personal Information at Claris
We use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the processing, and the threats posed.
When you use some Claris products, services, or applications or post on a Claris forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
Children and Personal Information
Claris’s products and services are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact us at
privacy@claris.com
.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Claris’s website, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Claris website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In some email messages Claris sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Claris website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Claris generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information in those regions. In addition, Claris sometimes combines non-personal information collected from these technologies with other personal information Claris holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal information for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Claris websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
Transfer of Personal Information Between Countries
Depending on where a Customer is located, either Claris International Inc. or Claris International (UK) is responsible for the personal information they collect and process.
Claris’s international transfer of personal information collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
.
Claris’s international transfer of personal data collected in participating Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) countries abides by the
APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System
for the transfer of personal data. If you have questions or unresolved concerns about our APEC CBPR certification, contact our
third-party dispute resolution provider
.
Your Privacy Rights
At Claris, we respect your rights with regard to your personal information, which may include the ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal information depending on your jurisdiction. If you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Claris.
Please note that Claris does not sell personal information
.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may exercise your privacy rights and choices by contacting
privacy@claris.com
. To exercise your privacy rights over personal information for which Claris acts as a Data Processor, please contact the Claris Customer that collected your personal information. We will forward any such communications to the applicable Claris Customer.
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by contacting Claris Customer Support at the toll-free number listed below.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Claris is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical.
Privacy Questions
If you have questions about personal information you have provided to Claris, Claris’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices, including our role as a Data Processor or Service Provider, or if you would like to submit a complaint, you can contact us at
privacy@claris.com
or by phone to Claris Customer Support at 1-800-325-2747.
Claris takes your privacy questions seriously. When Claris receives a privacy question, we review your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those requests received to exercise a privacy right. In some cases, we may require additional information from you.
If you are not satisfied with Claris’s response, you may refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. At your request, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
Policy Updates
Claris may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this website and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
Claris International Inc. One Apple Park Way, Cupertino, California 95014
Claris Customer Support: 1-800-325-2747
View our APEC CBPR certification
Back to top
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.claris.com/company/legal/california-privacy-disclosure.html:
Your California Privacy Disclosures
California consumers have a right to knowledge, access, correction, and deletion of their personal information. California consumers also have a right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information by a business and a right not to be discriminated against for exercising their California privacy rights. Claris does not sell or share the personal information of California consumers, as those terms are defined under California law, and does not discriminate in response to privacy rights requests. Claris also does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit according to California law.
Claris provides notice of our privacy practices in our Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy includes what personal information is collected, the source of the personal information, and the purposes of use, as well as whether Claris discloses that personal information and if so, the categories of third parties to whom it is disclosed. To help California consumers make informed privacy decisions and compare practices across businesses, the State has created a common framework for businesses to talk about privacy. Claris is using that framework here to describe, for each category of personal information under California law, whether Claris collects that personal information, or shares or discloses it for a business purpose. Claris does not sell your personal information.
Category
Description
Source
Purpose
Disclosures to Third-Party Businesses
Commercial information
Information about your transactions with Claris, such as the products or services that you have purchased
Directly from you
To provide you the product or service requested
None
Biometric information
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Network activity information
Information about user activity on our products and services, such as how consumers interact with our websites and apps
Directly from you
To improve our products and services
None
Geolocation data
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Sensory data
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Employment information
Professional or employment information, such as your employment history and any professional degrees or certifications
Directly from you
To process job applications, subject to the Candidate Privacy Policy available at jobs.apple.com
None
Education information
Information such as the institutions you attended and diplomas received
Directly from you
To process job applications, subject to the Candidate Privacy Policy available at jobs.apple.com
None
Profile inferences
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
Not applicable
California consumers can exercise their rights directly or through an authorized agent by contacting us at
privacy@claris.com
or by phone to Claris Customer Support at 1-800-325-2747. Claris may ask you for more information that we consider necessary to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud. This information may include name, contact information, and information related to your transaction or relationship with Claris, but the specific information requested may differ depending on the circumstances of your request. If we delete your personal information, we will both render certain personal information about you permanently unrecoverable and also deidentify certain personal information.
Do Not Track
Claris does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Third parties that have content embedded on Claris’ websites such as a social feature or a stock ticker may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific Claris website from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personal information from Claris’ websites unless you provide it to them directly.
Updated: December 22, 2022
Sign up for the Claris Newsletter.
Email
Country
United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Cote d'Ivoire
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Federated States of Micronesia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong S.A.R., China
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Rwanda
Reunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Republic of Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Türkiye
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Yes, I would like to receive marketing communications regarding Claris products and events. I can unsubscribe at any time.
Thank you for subscribing!
This field is required.
Please enter a valid email address.
Claris
⟩
Company
⟩
Legal
⟩
California Privacy Disclosure
Sub-policy 1
http://cbprs.org/:
Search for:
Home
Consumers
Business
Government
About CBPRs
Compliance Directory
CBPR System
PRP
Documents
News
Privacy in APEC Region
Slide: Consumer
Consumers
Through the APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System, participating businesses and governments across the region are working together to ensure that when your personal information moves across borders, it is protected to the standards prescribed by the APEC Privacy Framework.
Learn More
Slide: Business
Business
The APEC CBPR System bridges differing national privacy laws within the APEC region, reducing barriers to the flow of information for global trade.
Learn More
Slide: Government
Government
Participation in the APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System affords Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation members a unique opportunity to work with their counterparts throughout the region
Learn More
Welcome
The APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System
was developed by APEC economies with input and assistance from industry and civil society to build consumer, business and regulator trust in cross border flows of personal information. The APEC CBPR System requires participating businesses to implement data privacy policies consistent with the APEC Privacy Framework. These policies and practices must be assessed as compliant with the program requirements of the APEC CBPR System by an Accountability Agent (an independent APEC CBPR system recognised public or private sector entity) and be enforceable by law.
Cross-border data flows are a vital part of our vibrant and growing digital economy in…
Learn More
The ability to transfer information across country borders is a fundamental…
Learn More
Participation in the APEC CBPRs affords APEC members a unique opportunity…
Learn More
A directory of organisations certified as CBPR-Compliant published by…
Learn More
About CBPRs
The APEC Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) System, endorsed by APEC Leaders in 2011, is a voluntary, accountability-based system that facilitates privacy-respecting data flows among APEC economies.
There are currently nine participating APEC CBPR system economies: USA, Mexico, Japan, Canada, Singapore, the Republic of Korea, Australia, Chinese Taipei and the Philippines with more expected to join soon.
Learn More About CBPRs
Quick Links
About
CBPR System
CBPRS
Documents
News &
Events
APEC CBPR
Compliance Directory
Enforcement
Arrangement
Please activate some Widgets.