PRIVACY POLICY
Update!
Our Privacy Policy was updated on [ Apr 1st, 2019 ]. We have revamped the Privacy Policy front and back so that from this date onwards, this Privacy Policy can provide privacy details on how we manage your personal information for Segway-Ninebot product or service provided by Ninebot.
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU
This Privacy Policy explains what information Ninebot (Beijing) Tech. Co., Ltd and its affiliated companies ("Ninebot", "we", "our" or "us") collect and why we collect, and how you can update, manage, export, delete your information. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using Segway-Ninebot Products or Services, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or our terms and conditions for users. Please refer to section of Products or Services for details.
The Privacy Policy is designed with you in mind, and it is important that you have a comprehensive understanding of our personal information collection and usage practices, as well as full confidence that ultimately, you have control of any personal information provided to Ninebot.
In this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information that can be used to identify an individual, either from that information alone or from that information combined with other information Ninebot has access about that individual. Such personal information may include but not limit to the information you provide to us or upload, device information, etc. Please further read Types of Information we collect as you use our Services or Products.
By using Segway-Ninebot Products or Services, you are trusting us with your information. We are committed to comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and any locally applicable data protection laws, e.g. P.R. China laws and regulations. We are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your personal information by complying with applicable laws, including your local data protection legislation. We are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these obligations.
Ultimately, what we want is the best for all our users. Should you have any concerns with our data handling practice as summarized in this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer.
Mr. Vincent Chen
Email : privacy@ninebot.com
Telephone: (86) 010-84828002
If you are in the EU and are not satisfied with how we are processing your personal data, you can contact our EU representative office below.
Email: dataprotection@segway.eu.com
Telephone: +31 (0)20 3331850
Please make sure to provide your correct contact information so that we can response to you in time.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND HOW WE CAN USE IT
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect information to provide better Products and Services to all our users.
We will only collect the information that is necessary for its specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.
We may collect the following types of information (which may or may not be personal information):
Things you create or provide to us:
When you create a Ninebot account, you will provide us with your personal information that includes your username, passcode, mobile phone number, email, nickname, your chosen image to represent yourself, channel you uses for this account registration.
We also collect the contents you create, upload, save or receive from others when using our social Services. This includes contents such as post you write and upload, photos and videos you upload, comments you make to other post or others make toward your post, the location you post and your UID.
Information we collect as you use our Products and Services:
Device information:  information related to your device. For example, IMEI number, MAC address (Android version only), device model name, device operation system, device type, system and performance information, device manufactory information, and network operator .
Vehicle information:  information related to your vehicle. For example, your Bluetooth MAC address, Serial number,  S peed, Mileage, Battery information, Cruise Control, taillight settings, Energy recovery strength, Firmware version, Vehicle body temperature .
Location information (only for specific services/functionalities):  we may collect your local information when you use Segway-Ninebot App. For example, we may collect your IP addresses, country code and city code.
Log information:  information related to your use of our devices. For example, we may collect network request information, standard system logs, crash information and other anonymous identifier technologies. These information will be saved in local and won’t send to us unless you request. Please note, these information will only be used for solvingproblems and we won’t save to server.
Feedback information: we will collect feedback information after sale of our Products. The feedback information will include issues user feedback such as photos, words, contact information, APP version, mobile type (IOS or Android), feedback time from us.
Insurance Information: we will collect accidental insurance policy information such as policy number, gender of the insured, ID number of the insured, insured period, payment transaction number, the insured amount on behalf of the insurance company.
Personal information is collected for providing services and / or products to you, and legal compliance on our part under applicable laws.
We collect information to provide better Products and Services to all our users.
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
Providing, processing, maintaining, improving and developing our goods and/or services to you, including after-sales and customer support and for services on your device or through our websites.
Communicating with you about your device, service or any general queries, such as
updates, customer inquiry support, information about our events, notices.
Analyzing and developing statistical information on use of our products and services to better improve our products and services.
Optimizing the performance of your device.
Storing and maintaining information about you for our business operations or legal obligations.
Providing local services without communicating with our servers.
Here are more examples on how we use your information (which may include personal information):
Setting up your Ninebot Account. Personal information collected when creating a Ninebot Account through our mobile devices is used for creating your personal Ninebot Account and profile page for the user.
Displaying vehicle Information. Your vehicle information will be showed when device connected via Bluetooth, you can check device information through our APP, like speed, mileage, battery information, firmware version, and taillight settings.
Providing location based services. When using Segway-Ninebot app connect the vehicle, based on Android 6.0, your location access is required when you connect your device. You may turn this off at any time by going into the device settings or discontinue use of that application.
Providing after-sales services. We use your log information if you request for after-salesservice.These information will be sent to the after-sales engineer by email. Please note, these information will only be used for solving problems and we won’t save to server.
DIRECT MARKETING
Upon your prior explicit consent, we may use your email address, Ninebot Account to provide marketing materials to you relating to goods and services of Ninebot companies. We will only so use your personal data after we obtain your prior explicit consent and involve a clear affirmative action or indication of no objection in accordance with local data protection laws, which may require separate explicit consent. You have the right to opt out of our proposed use of your personal data for direct marketing. If you no longer wish to receive certain types of email communications you can opt-out by sending email to privacy@ninebot.com. We will not transfer your personal data to our business partners for use by our business partners in direct marketing.
Upon your prior explicit consent, we may use the contents you share, release, comment (including but not limited to words, pictures videos etc. herein after collectively to be referred to as “Contents”)) to promote Ninebot companies’ products. ONLY with your prior explicit consent, the Contents will be used in the promotion chanel such as Wechat, Microblog, official website of Ninebot, Tik Tok, Kuaishou and other social media. If you withdraw your consent, you can send email to opt out by sending us email to privacy@ninebot.com , we will no longer use the Contents in promotion.
WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Ninebot except in the following situations:
With your prior explicit consent:
Disclosure may be made to Third Party Service Providers and affiliated companies listed in this section in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable local data laws and regulations to provide the products or services that you have requested when we have your prior explicit consent.
In each case described in this section, you can be assured that privacy will only share your personal information in accordance with your consent. Your consent to Ninebot will engage sub-processors for the processing of your personal information. You should know that when Ninebot shares your personal information with a Third Party Service Provider under any circumstance described in this section, Ninebot will contractually specify that the third party is subject to practices and obligations to comply with applicable local data protection laws and this Privacy Policy. Ninebot will contractually ensure compliance by any Third Party Service Providers with the privacy standards that apply to them in your home jurisdiction.
Your location information. We will use Google map to collect your location information (to the extent of city) so as you can show your location information when using N Fan Circle function.
Important Notice send out. We will send out important notice which is legally permitted by applicable to be delivered to your email address or App interface. Important notice will include recall information, mandatory repair and maintenance information.
Google Statistics Service. We will use Google statistics service to analyze unidentifiable information to anticipate the trend of product and or service.
SHARING WITH OUR GROUP AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
In order to conduct business operations smoothly in providing you with the full capabilities of our products and services, we may disclose your personal information from time to time to other Ninebot affiliated companies, or our third party service providers which are our mailing houses, delivery service providers, telecommunications companies, data centers, data storage facilities, customer service providers, advertising and marketing service providers, and Ninebot’s representatives. Such Third Party Service Providers would be processing your personal information on Ninebot’s behalf or for one or more of the purposes listed above. If you no longer wish to allow us to share this information, please contact us at privacy@ninebot.com. Please make sure to provide your correct contact information so that we can response to your request in time.
We also may share anonymized information and statistics in aggregate form with third parties for business purposes, for example with advertisers on our website, we may share them trends about the general use of our services, such as the number of customers in certain demographic groups who purchased certain products or who carried out certain transactions.
SHARING WITH OUR MI ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES
Xiaomi works together with a cool group of companies, which together form the Mi Ecosystem. The Mi Ecosystem companies are independent entities, invested and incubated by Xiaomi, and are experts in their fields.
Ninebot may disclose your personal information to Xiaomi so as to provide you with and improve the exciting products and services (both hardware and software) from the Mi Ecosystem. Some of these products and services will still be under Xiaomi Mijia brands , while others may use our own brand. Before any your personal information disclosure, Ninebot and Xiaomi shall enter into Data Sharing Agreement in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations to ensure security of personal data during the process of sharing of information, including but not limited to the encryption of your personal information.
If Ninebot is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale of all or a portion of our assets, we will continue to ensure your personal information confidentiality and security. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any changes in ownership before any transfer of your personal information or become subject to a different Privacy Policy.
For Legal Reasons:
Ninebot may disclose your personal information without further consent when required under applicable law.
For the avoidance of doubt, Ninebot may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent if it is and only to the extent it is allowed explicitly under local data protection laws. Such disclosure may be brought about by the necessity to protect our rights, ensure the safety of you and other people, and comply with the requirements of the local government to facilitate the investigations of illegal activities.
SECURITY SAFEGUARDS
NINEBOT’S SECURITY MEASURES
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other similar risks, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from your using of Segway-Ninebot products and services and on Ninebot websites. We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information.
For example, when you access your Ninebot Account, you can choose to use our two-step verification process for better security. When you send or receive data from your Ninebot device to our servers, we make sure they are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) and other algorithms.
All your personal information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. We classify your data based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information has the highest security level.
We use encryption to keep your data in confidential while in transit.
We have the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
We have the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;
We regularly test assess and evaluate the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
We restrict access your personal information to our employees and Third Party Service Providers who access the information to help provide you with our products and services are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet such obligations. We have special access controls for cloud based data storage as well. All in all, we regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorized access and use.
We will take all practicable steps to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure, and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet.
WHAT YOU CAN DO
You can play your part in safeguarding your personal information by not disclosing your login password or account information to anybody unless such person is duly authorized by you. Whenever you log in as a Ninebot Account user, particularly on somebody else’s APP or device on public Internet terminals, you should always log out at the end of your session.
Ninebot cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party accesses to your personal information as a result of your failure to keep your personal information private. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must notify Internet user or any other breach of security.
Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information.
RETENTION POLICY
Personal information will be held for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected, or as required or permitted by applicable laws.
We will restore your information (including your personal information) until it is no longer necessary to provide our Product or Service to you or until your account is deleted or you choose to reset product to the factory default settings-whichever comes first. Please note the following examples that we will delete your information. Deletion means permanent an irreversible erasure and you won’t able to recover your information later.
Example 1: All the personal information on the specific Product may be erased when you reset your device to factory default settings. You can do it via our application “factory default settings” option in settings. Beware that factory default settings can’t be undo, you should make sure that you don’t need the information any more.
Example 2: Upon your request to delete your information, your information will be deleted within reasonable period upon your request submission and verified your identity by Ninebot.
Example 3: Upon you deregister or delete your Ninebot account, your information will be deleted after six months since the date of deregister or delete Ninebot account date.
ACCESSING OTHER FEATURES ON YOUR DEVICE
Our applications may need access to certain features on your device such as Wi-Fi network status. This information is used to allow the applications to run on your device and allow you to interact with the applications. At any time you may revoke your permissions by turning these off at the device level or contacting us at privacy@ninebot.com.
YOU HAVE CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION!
CONTROLLING SETTINGS
Ninebot recognizes that privacy concerns differ from person to person. Therefore, we provide examples of ways Ninebot makes available for you to choose to restrict the collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal information and control your privacy settings:
Toggle on/off for the Location Access functions (only IOS version);
Log in and out of the Ninebot Account;
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the abovementioned purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing or emailing us at privacy@ninebot.com.
ACCESS, UPDATING, CORRECTING OR ERASURE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to request access to and/or correction of any other personal information that we hold about you. When you update your personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity before we proceed with your request. Once we obtain sufficient information to accommodate your request for access to or correction of your personal information, we shall proceed to respond to your request within any timeframe set out under your applicable data protection laws.
A copy of your personal data collected and processed by us will be provided to you upon your request free of charge. For any extra request of the same information, we may charge a reasonable fee based on actual administrative costs according to the applicable laws.
If you would like to request access to your personal data held by us or if you believe any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the email address below. Email: privacy@ninebot.com
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal information.
You have the right to obtain from us the restriction of processing your personal information.
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. You can send your request via email to privacy@ninebot.com.
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used format and transmit the information to another data controller.
WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information in our possession or control by submitting a request. This may be done by sending e-mail to privacy@ninebot.com. We will process your request within a reasonable time from when the request was made, and thereafter not collect, use and/or disclose your personal information as per your request.
Please recognize that your withdrawal of consent could result in certain legal consequences. Depending on the extent of your withdrawal of consent for us to process your personal information, it may mean that you will not be able to enjoy Segway-Ninebot products and services.
DATA TRANSFER
Kindly note that data protection laws vary from different countries, with some provide more protection than other countries. Regardless where your information is processed or transferred, we apply the same protection measures in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We also comply with certain legal regulations such as GDPR with regard to data transfer.
Currently, we have data centers in Beijing, United States, Singapore, Russia and Germany. You could choose which server you wish to save your personal information.
We wish all our users enjoy sharing experience with other users worldwide via using N fan circle.
If you choose to upload your activities worldwide, it means that your information including post, pictures, videos, comments will be transferred cross border or your current home jurisdiction (i.e. your local server). Likewise, if you choose to comment a worldwide post, video, your comment will be seen and commented worldwide.
Special Alert to N Fan Circle user who has Wechat, Sina Microblog, Tik Tok, Kuaishou ,China mainland social tool (“China Social Tool”):
If you choose to share your N Fan Circle information via China Social Tool, your information will be transferred to China Social Tool platform and restored therein. Ninebot will try best to sign or deliver the Personal Information protection measures in accordance with this Policy and applicable China laws and regulations to Wechat, Sina Microblog and related China Social Tool. However, kindly note that will NOT definitely avoid the leakage incident of your information (including your personal information).
We will have following protection measures to try best ensuring the safety of data transfer if you wish to share your activities worldwide with other users.
We will apply to Model Contract EU recommends regulating the data transfer obligations between export and import party ( https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087 ).
We also would like to state the technical measures to safeguard the international data transfer:
We use encryption to keep your data in confidential while in transit.
We have the ability to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services;
We have the ability to restore the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;
We regularly test assess and evaluate the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing.
Below are the practical self- check measures we strongly recommend your attention and regularly review:
Security and hacked accounts
Help with my compromised account
Help with my hacked account
Help with my compromised account
If your account has been compromised but you're still able to log in, this page will help you secure your account and stop unwanted behaviors. If you can't log in to your account, please file a support request for assistance at privacy@ninebot.com.
Has my account been compromised?
Have you:
Seen unintended Direct Messages sent from your account
Received a notification from us stating that your account may be compromised
Received a notification from us stating that your account information has changed, and you didn't change it
Noticed your password is no longer working and you are being prompted to reset it
If you've answered yes to any of the above, please take the following steps:
1. Change your password
Please change your password immediately from the Password tab in settings or click on  request a password reset . Please select a strong password you haven't used before. If you can't log in, your account may have been hacked.
2. Make sure your email address is secure
Make sure that the email address attached to your account is secure and that you are the only one with access to it. You can change your email address from your app and visiting the Account settings tab.
Your account should now be secure, and you shouldn't see the unexpected account behaviors moving forward. If you're still experiencing issues, please file a support request for assistance.
Protect your account with simple precautions
If your account has been compromised, take these additional precautions:
Scan your computers for viruses and malware, especially if unauthorized account behaviors continue to be posted after you've changed the password.
Install security patches for your operating system and applications.
Always use a strong, new password you don't use elsewhere and would be difficult to guess.
Consider using login verification. Instead of relying on just a password, login verification introduces a second check to make sure that you and only you can access your account.
How do accounts become compromised? (Did somebody hack me?)
Accounts may become compromised if you've entrusted your username and password to a malicious third-party application or website, if your account is vulnerable due to a weak password, if viruses or malware on your computer are collecting passwords, or if you're on a compromised network.
Unexpected updates don't always mean that your account was hacked. Occasionally, a third-party application can have a bug that causes unexpected behavior. If you see strange behavior, changing your password and/or revoking connections will stop it, as the application will no longer have access to your account.
Help with my hacked account
If you think you've been hacked and you're unable to log in with your username and password, please take the following two steps:
1. Request a password reset
Reset your password by requesting an email from the password reset form. Try entering both your username and email address, and be sure to check for the reset email at the address associated with your account.
If you're able to log in after the password reset, please check if your account has been compromised and re-secure your account.
2. Contact Support if you still require assistance
If you still can't log in, contact us by submitting a Support request to privacy@ninebot.com .
EVEN WE TRY OUT BEST TO SECURE SAFETY TRANSFER OF YOUR DATA, WE WOULD LIKE TO STATE THE RISKS OF DATA LEAKAGE RISKS AS BELOW:
As we practice best way to keep your information safe, If you think your information has been compromised, below the worst scenario you may expect:
Received spam mails/messages from unknown source.
May receive phishing or other attempted scams emails.
Video you shared been publish to other public sharing sites.
MISCELLANEOUS
MINORS
We consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our products and services. Nevertheless, it is our policy not to require personal information from minors or offer to send any promotional materials to persons in that category.
Ninebot does not seek or intend to seek to receive any personal information from minors. Should a parent or guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided Ninebot with personal information without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that the personal information is removed and the minor unsubscribes from any of the applicable Ninebot services.
ORDER OF PRECEDENCE
If you have agreed to our applicable User Agreements, in the event of inconsistency between such User Agreements and this Privacy Policy, such User Agreements shall prevail.
UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or post the changes on all the Ninebot websites or through our software, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Such changes to our Privacy Policy shall apply from the effective date as set out in the notice or on the website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of products and services on the websites, mobile phones and/or any other device will be taken as acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. We will seek your fresh consent before we collect more personal information from you or when we wish to use or disclose your personal information for new purposes.
DO I HAVE TO AGREE TO ANY THIRD PARTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS?
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to products and services offered by a third party. Ninebot products and services may include third parties’ products, services and links to third parties’ websites. When you use such products or services, they may collect your information too. For this reason, we strongly suggest that you read the third party’s privacy policy as you have taken time to read ours. We are not responsible for and cannot control how third parties use personal information which they collect from you. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to other sites linked from our services.
Here are third party terms and privacy policies that apply when you use these specific products:
Depending on your jurisdiction, by using the Facebook, you are agreeing to the following terms based on your choice of service.
https://m.facebook.com/about/privacy/
CONTACT US
If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or any questions relating to Ninebot’s collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us at the address below referencing "Privacy Policy":
Ninebot (Beijing) Tech. Co., Ltd
C206 B2 BLDG., ZGC DongSheng Science Park (Northern Territory), 66Xixiaokou Rd. Haidian Dist., Beijing, China
Name: Vincent Chen
Email : privacy@ninebot.com
Tel: (86) 010-84828002
Thank you for taking the time to understand our Privacy Policy!
Withdraw
After withdrawing permissions, you will be logged out of the app, and its cache will be cleared. Confirm to proceed?
Cancle
Confirm