Minecraft Addons — Privacy Policy
This privacy policy («Policy») describes how Mobile Application Developer («Mobile Application Developer», «we», «us» or «our») collects, protects and uses the personally identifiable information («Personal Information») you («User», «you» or «your») may provide in the Minecraft Addons mobile application and any of its products or services (collectively, «Mobile Application» or «Services»). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. This Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Collection of personal information
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us when you fill any online forms in the Mobile Application. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the Mobile Application’s features.
Collection of non-personal information
When you open the Mobile Application our servers automatically record information that your device sends. This data may include information such as your device’s IP address and location, device name and version, operating system type and version, language preferences, information you search for in our Mobile Application, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Use of collected information
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to personalize your experience; improve our Mobile Application; run and operate our Mobile Application and Services. Non-personal information collected is used only to identify potential cases of abuse and establish statistical information regarding Mobile Application traffic and usage. This statistical information is not otherwise aggregated in such a way that would identify any particular user of the system.
Children
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 9. If you are under the age of 9, please do not submit any personal information through our Mobile Application or Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy by instructing their children never to provide personal information through our Mobile Application or Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us through our Mobile Application or Service, please contact us.
Links to other mobile applications
Our Mobile Application contains links to other mobile applications that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other mobile applications or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Mobile Application and to read the privacy statements of each and every mobile application that may collect personal information.
Information security
We secure information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of personal information in its control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Mobile Application cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third-party, despite best efforts.
Changes and amendments
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy relating to the Mobile Application or Services at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy in the Mobile Application. When we do we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. Continued use of the Mobile Application after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes. Policy was created with WebsitePolicies.com
Acceptance of this policy
You acknowledge that you have read this Policy and agree to all its terms and conditions. By using the Mobile Application or its Services you agree to be bound by this Policy. If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, you are not authorized to use or access the Mobile Application and its Services.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us.
This document was last updated on October 27, 2019.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://woopss.com/privacy-policy:
Home
Projects
Press & Publications
Contact us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website and apps.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
We do not share any of your personal information collected in our apps with third party sides. All information collected by our apps is used for the need of application only.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
How do we protect web-site visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We do not use an SSL certificate
We only provide articles and information, we never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
— Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
— Keep track of advertisements.
— You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the users experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
We provide links to other sources for informational purposes only
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. — See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By emailing us
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioural tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third party behavioural tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via email
Within 1 business day
We will notify the users via in site notification
Within 1 business day
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
ФОП Владислав Ковальов | Vladyslav Kovalov ©
WOOPSS.com
2025
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions