iframe(src="https://www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-T99Q8TD", height="0", width="0", style="display:none;visibility:hidden")
Privacy Policy
Fennec Corp. is dedicated at providing a fun and safe way for children, parents, families, and friends to communicate
              with each other. At Fennec Corp, we know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and
              we take your privacy seriously. By accessing or using our services, including the web site (www.fennec.me),
              and the mobile application, Fennec Messenger, available via the Apple App Store and the Android Marketplace,
              you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect
We collect several kinds of information from you when you use our services, which include:
Information you provided during registration process
During registration process, we collect information that you choose to share with us. This information includes
                  your first name, last name, gender, and birthday. If you are 13 or above, we also collect your email address.
                  and Parent-child relationship between two accounts is collected.
We do not collect abovementioned information from children under 13 except the age itself, before we get their parents' verifiable
                  consent to this privacy policy.
Information collected when you use our services
Fennec Messenger is a social network. While using this service, you may upload your profile photo, send text or audio messages,
                  share photos, and do video calls that contains your personal images.
You may set event reminders using our services, and this schedule data is stored in our servers.
If you are a child under 13 years old, your parent (or a caregiver designated by a parent) may request location
                  data of your smart device via our services. This location data is transferred via our servers to your parent
                  or the caregiver.
In addition, because Fennec Messenger is all about communicating with family and friends, we may—with your
                  consent—collect information from your device's phonebook.
Information collected automatically
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you have used and how you
                  have used them. If you are a mobile app user, we collect the data of which features you used and how often
                  you used them; if you are a web visitor, we collect the web pages you visited and the time you spent on
                  each page. The information on your IP, type of device, name and version of the operating system, name and
                  version of the application are automatically collected.
How we use information
The information collected is to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of services and
              content in which you are most interested. This includes but is not limited to:
First name and last name that make you recognizable by your friends in real world. And, we believe that real
                names help people be more responsible and accountable for their words and actions.
Profile photo that lets you express yourself, and make you recognizable by your friends. If you do not want
                to disclose your photo, just simply do not upload it, or use one of the animal figures we provided.
Birthday that allows us to verify your age and provide corresponding services to you, based on legal requirements.
Email address that we use to send you notifications, administer contests, promotions, or surveys. If you do
                not want to receive contest, promotion or survey newsletters, you may unsubscribe them.
Location data that helps parents and caregivers know their children's location when necessary. We transfer
                this location data via our servers, but do not save it on the servers after the transaction is completed.
Phonebook contacts that help you find your friends in real world, making it easy to add them into your friend
                list in the Fennec Messenger app.
We use abovementioned personal information to verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or
              illegal activity, thus enhancing the safety and security of our services.
We do not offer advertisements in the Fennec Messenger at current stage, and do not analyze information you provided
              for targeted advertising purpose. However, to avoid sexting and cyberbullying, and keep chats fun and safe,
              our trained moderators may use automatic or manual mechanisms to examine your conversations when necessary.
We track your usage data on our web site and mobile app, and it is on an anonymous basis. The usage data forms
              aggregated reports, which helps us enhance the services and your experiences.
Do we share information?
Personally identifiable information
Your and your child's profile photos, first and last names are public in the app, and are searchable and
                  viewable by other app users. The rest of the personally identifiable information we collect from you are
                  not public. We do not sell or trade your personally identifiable information to outside parties. We share
                  your personally identifiable information in an encrypted form to 3rd party partners who assist us in operating
                  our services - Your personally identifiable information is encrypted on the 3rd parties' servers, and only
                  limited Fennec employees have the permissions to access it. We may also release information when it is
                  appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property
                  or safety.
Non-personally identifiable information
Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising,
                  or other uses.
Is information secure?
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of
                persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
                In addition, all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain
                the safety of your personal information.
How do you request account deletion?
Fennec Messenger
If you've registered an account on Fennec Messenger and wish to delete it, please send an email to
support@fennec.me
.  Please include your account name in the email. We will delete your data, including your account and chat history, for you.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's
                Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States'
                consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online
                services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We adhere to the following COPPA tenants:
We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity.
Personally identifiable information of children under 13 is not collected before their parent's consent.
Parents can review their child's personal information, direct us to delete it, and refuse to allow any further
                collection or use of the child's information, through account settings in the Fennec Messenger, or through
                emailing our support staff directly.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your
              Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser
              and capture and remember certain information.
On our web site, we use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to
              offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track
              this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off
              all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's
              Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Business transfer
In the event of the sale or merger of Fennec Corp., the personal information collected by Fennec Corp. about
              users in the normal course of its business will be shared with the partner company or successor company upon
              completion of the subject acquisition or merger.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically
              review Privacy Policy section on our web page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Question or concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy when using our Services, please contact us and send us
              a detailed message at the contact information below. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Name: Fennec support Team
Email:
support@fennec.me
Address:
4F, No. 28, Ln. 50, Yixian Rd, Xinyi Disti.,
Taipei City
Taiwan
Telephone number:
+886 2 87808128