Home
Privacy Policy
Restaurant Hub Privacy Policy - September 2024
For information about GDPR & New Zealand's Privacy Act 2020 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand,
click here.
Restaurant Hub Portal and Mobile Application
Your privacy is important to us. We want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy policy sets out what information we gather, how we may use it, and how to correct or change it.
-
Collection & Use
-
Disclosure of Information
-
Content Providers, Advertisers, and Partners
-
Cookies Clear Gifs and Tracking
-
Analytics
-
Third-Party Servers
-
Social Media & API's
-
GDPR, Call to Actions &
Opting in and Opting Out
-
Changes to Policy
- Personal Information,
Holding, Deletion, Correcting, and Updating
Privacy Policy Includes:
1. Restaurant Website & Mobile Booking App Booking Service
- Real-Time Table Booking Software
( Using the Eveve TMS & Table Management Software )
2. Restaurant Hub.co.nz / Portal & Mobile App (RH) -
Our aggregation dining website, mobile app for restaurant marketing services, and instant online bookings, coupons, or shop purchases.
Data Collection & Use
1. Restaurant Bookings & Data Use -
with bookings made directly through the restaurant's own website, your personal information (data) is only shared with the restaurant reserved,
for the purpose of table management ( stock ) and receiving booking confirmation communications.
When you make a reservation for a restaurant, you will receive automated confirmation emails or SMS messages in relation to your reservation from the venue you made the reservation with, via our services. This is only in relation to your reservation that you have made, we do not communicate with you in any other manner.
Restaurant Hub does not use the data or send marketing material or bulk emails on behalf of the restaurants.
2. Restaurant Hub Portal, Mobile App & Data Use -
with bookings made directly through the Restaurant Hub website or mobile app, your personal information (data) is only shared with the restaurant reserved,
for the purpose of table management ( stock ) and receiving booking confirmation communications.
When you use a Restaurant Hub service, personal information provided by you when you interact with us, such as when you use or purchase our products or services, when you subscribe or register to use our products or services, and when you provide us with your feedback or respond to surveys you are asked to participate in;
3. Personal information provided by you when you use Restaurant Hub will be
uploaded to your profile, such as when you make a reservation, create an account, favorite a restaurant, or make a shop or coupon purchase.
Optional Direct Marketing & Customer Profile information
may be used by Restaurant Hub to send newsletters and marketing communications subject to customer preferences. Customers may elect to receive or not receive newsletters and or marketing communications from Restaurant Hub.
There is a process for Opt-In or Opt-Out, or personal data request or deletion below;
4. Aggregated information
generated by our systems or third party systems we use, which track traffic to and from our sites but does not relate to you personally; and
5. Other information that does not personally identify you;
If you set up a Restaurant Hub account, you will be asked a number of personal questions (name, address, phone number, email etc). Failure to provide this necessary personal information may result in certain services not being available to you. You must ensure that all information you provide is correct and up-to-date. If you change your details, you agree to ensure your details are updated. If you have difficulties amending or updating your details, you can contact us at support@restauranthub.co.nz. Failure to provide other necessary personal information when requested may result in certain products or services not being available to you.
We will not collect information about any person whom we know to be under the age of 13.
Back to top
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose:
1. Restaurant Web Site & App Bookings -
with bookings directly made through the restaurant website or mobile app, your personal information is only shared with the restaurant you select to book with or order from,
2. Restaurant Hub Portal & App Bookings -
all information that we gather, including your personal information conforms to GDPR, is not shared or sold to any third parties. The sole exception is when required to do so by law;
3. Aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you to third parties
Back to top
Who will see or have access to your information?
1. Direct Restaurant Website & App Booking Service -
To provide you with information about your booking, booking confirmations, reminders, special offers, and restaurant news, security.
2. Restaurant Hub Portal & App -
to provide you with information about our updated services, new Restaurant Hub offerings, booking confirmations, reminders, security, or other service-related information, and our newsletters and surveys;
3. For authorizing and processing credit card transactions -
in which you enter booking or purchasing details online;
4. To assist in providing the products and services requested by you
5. When requested by yourself for any other uses that you authorize.
Back to top
Content Providers, Advertisers & Partners
1. Restaurant Web Site & App Bookings -
There are no advertisers, partners, or links within a restaurant booking widget
2. Restaurant Hub Affiliates & Booking Partners -
We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with our sites and to whom you provide personal information whilst using one of our sites or services. Our sites contain links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
Back to top
Cookies, Clear GIFS & Tracking
1. Restaurant Web Site Bookings
- We do not collect permanent cookies
2. Restaurant Hub Portal & Mobile App -
We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile telephone, smartphone or other devices that you use to access our products or services. Where you allow our mobile services and products to deliver content based on your location (by enabling this feature on your mobile device) we may collect location data. This information is used only for the automated delivery of relevant content and advertising to you and for no other purpose.
We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, Linux or OS X), Browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (whether you are accessing the site from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to:
3. Track traffic patterns to and from our sites such as the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);
4. Ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats;
5. Enable you to use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.
6. You can choose to refuse cookies -
by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our websites, but you may need them for customisable areas of sites we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could affect your reading experience. Visit
http://www.aboutcookies.org
for a comprehensive guide on how to control and delete cookies on a wide range of web browsers and operating systems.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. Clear gifs may ping or alert an advertiser's server about the online movements of Web users. For instance, advertisers may place a clear gif allowing them to recognise an existing cookie on your browser if from the same service. The main difference between cookies and clear gifs is that clear gifs are invisible on the page and are much smaller. We do not have access to any information collected by these clear gifs nor additional information they may be tied to by the advertiser.
Back to top
Analytics
Restaurant Hub Portal & Mobile App -
We (or our related companies) contract with online measurement companies and other service providers to manage and optimise our Internet business and communications. These companies collect information about visits to our site to assist us in analyzing the site's performance and advertising effectiveness and optimizing the site for readers and marketers. Details of these service providers and the information they may collect can be found
here
.
Back to top
Third-Party  & Ad Servers
1. Direct Restaurant Website and Mobile App Bookings
- There is absolutely no advertising with booking services. The restaurant's customer database and customer information belong to the restaurant. It is not used by Restaurant Hub or its partners.
2. Restaurant Hub Portal and Mobile App -
Some of our advertisers use third-party companies to serve advertisements when you visit our websites. These companies may use information (
not including any personal data; your name, address, email address or telephone number
) solely about analytics on visits to our website(s), including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not control the practices of these companies and they may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.
Back to top
Social Media and APIs
1. Restaurant Web Site and Mobile App Bookings -
There are no social media connections or sharing links
2. Restaurant Hub Portal and Mobile App -
Our process complies with GDPR, the website includes social media features such as the Facebook like button, twitter, and widgets, such as the share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you visit on our site, and how long for. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing it and we accept no responsibility for the actions of those third parties.
We may provide an application programming interface (API) to enable software to interface with this website. The API enables developers to build new service applications for our members to use. We use it to power our mobile and tablet applications.  Some applications enable you to interact with this website through the API in a way that requires you to log in. To do this, most of these applications will direct you through a secure process, where you are able to let the application connect to your account.
If you allow an application to connect to your Restaurant Hub account, including if you set up your Restaurant Hub account using an API with a third-party social media platform, that application will be able to access information that you can see when you are logged in to Restaurant Hub. You should only allow applications you trust to access your Restaurant Hub account.
If you set up your Restaurant Hub account using an API with a third party social media platform, you also consent to us obtaining and using your information from such;
Back to top
GDPR - Elective Marketing Call to Action & Opt-In / Out-Out Process
Use or disclosure set out in this Privacy Policy we will give you the option to:
1. Call To Actions (CTA) -
There are personally elective;
Opt-in / Opt-Out/tick boxes
and links to the privacy policy at all CTA's for: Bookings, Coupons, Shop, My Account.
2. Opt Out -
To NOT receive certain services or participate in certain interactive areas; or
3. Opt In -
For example agreeing to be contacted by us in relation to certain matters such as notification of new features to this website, receiving newsletters, or promotional activities.
Back to top
Changes to Policy
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by updating the policy and notifying site users of the existence of a revised privacy policy.
Back to top
Personal Information - Holding, Deletion, and Correcting & Updating
Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at Restaurant Hub, NZME Central, 2 Graham Street, Auckland, New Zealand. Under GDPR,
Privacy Act 2020
you have rights of personal data deletion, access to, and correction of personal information that we hold.
We offer the ability to delete your personal information, correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary.
1. If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this policy?
2. To request deletion of your personal information, access to, or updates to your personal information.
Contact us by email at support@restauranthub.co.nz
or
By post to Restaurant Hub, Level 2, NZME Central, 2 Graham Street, PO Box 391976, Auckland, New Zealand.
Back to top
For information about New Zealand's Privacy Act 2020 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand,
click here.
Updates: Sept 2024