Privacy and Cookie policy
Introduction
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors; in other words where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Magnus Monitors.
Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (
https://seqlegal.com/free-legal-documents/privacy-policy
).
How we use your personal data
In Section 3, we have set out:
The general categories of personal data that we may process;
The purposes for which we may process personal data; and
The legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type, and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency, and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing, and selling relevant goods and/or services to you.
We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you or your employer. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications, and promoting our products and services to customers.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details, and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Stripe, and PayPal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
Retaining and deleting personal data
Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Your rights
In Section 7, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
The right to access;
The right to rectification;
The right to erasure;
The right to restrict processing;
The right to object to processing;
The right to data portability;
The right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
The right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply you a copy of your personal data.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, considering the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances, you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes, and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; For compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances, you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights, and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
Consent; or
That the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work, or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Authentication - We use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website.
Personalization - We use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you.
Advertising - We use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you.
Analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyses the use and performance of our website and services.
Cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyses the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can, however, obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647
(Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Magnus Monitors Ltd.
We are registered in Ireland under registration number 608345, and our registered office is at Unit 39, Briarhill Business Park, Ballybrit, Galway.
You can contact us:
By post, to the postal address given above;
Using our website contact form;
By telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
By email, using the email address published on our website from time to time.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://seqlegal.com/free-legal-documents/privacy-policy:
Get a quote
Legal services
Legal services
Testimonials
Legal templates
Free legal documents
Professional legal documents
Online document editor
Legal Q&A
Blog
Home
Free legal documents
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This website privacy policy template has been designed to help website owners comply with European Union and United Kingdom data protection legislation. This includes compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in both its original EU and derivative UK forms.
The policy covers all the usual ground: the categories of personal data that are collected, the purposes for which that personal data may be used, the legal bases for processing, the persons to whom the personal data may be disclosed, international transfers of personal data, the security measures used to protect the personal data, individual rights and website cookies.
First published in 2008, this policy and its antecedents have been used on hundreds of thousands of websites. It is frequently since to reflect the GDPR and the developing regulatory guidance from the EU and UK data protection authorities.
You may want to use this privacy policy in combination with our
free website T&Cs template
. If you are running an online shop, you might also find our
T&Cs of sale
,
returns policy
and
delivery policy
templates useful.
If you are new to data protection law, then before downloading the policy you might want to review the questions and answers below, which provide a introduction to both the legal and practical issues around the use of privacy policies.
Last updated: 15 June 2023.
*Get a licence to use this privacy policy without the credit/attribution text.
Why do I need a privacy policy?
The law
probably
requires that you publish a privacy policy (or similar document) on your website.
Ask yourself this: do I collect or use personal data for non-personal / non-household activities in relation to my website?
If you do and your activities relate to the EU or UK, then data protection law requires that you provide information to individuals about how you use their data. The best way of providing that information is via a privacy policy.
The
GDPR
and, in the UK, the
Data Protection Act 2018
are the key pieces of legislation – but these legislative requirements are not the only considerations in play. There are at least three other reasons to publish a privacy policy on your website.
First, your contracts with services providers may require that you publish an appropriate privacy policy.  For example, the
Google Analytics terms and conditions
require that you “have and abide by an appropriate Privacy Policy … You must post a Privacy Policy and that Privacy Policy must provide notice of Your use of cookies that are used to collect data. You must disclose the use of Google Analytics, and how it collects and processes data.”
Second, a clear and open privacy policy will help you to build trust with some of your users. Users may refuse to register with a website if they aren’t confident that their personal data will be protected. Just as bad, they may provide unreliable information when doing so.
Third, one of the key functions of many websites is the projection of a serious and professional image.  A website without the necessary legal documentation may have a negative effect on the image of the business behind it.
We drafted this website privacy policy template with all of these goals in mind, although the legal compliance requirements are overriding.
Should I use a template or ask a lawyer to prepare a policy for me?
Data protection law is not straightforward. Indeed, since the GDPR came into force in 2018, it is difficult for many organisations to be confident that they comply.
Ideally, all privacy policies would be prepared by, or under the supervision of, experts in data protection law. However, data protection expertise can be expensive: you might pay anything from £500 to £5,000 or more for a UK data protection lawyer to prepare a privacy policy.
As with many business investments in legal services, you will need to balance the risks of a DIY approach against the costs of using a professional. In general, you should always use a professional if there are significant amounts of money at stake or material risks of liability.
Is this the right template privacy policy for me?
A legal template is both never and always potentially suitable for a particular job: never suitable because adaptation is always needed; always potentially suitable because, with enough adaptation, one document can be transformed into any other document.
That said, some jobs will require more adaptation than others, and sometimes the adaptations will require specialist legal knowledge.
You should only use this template in relation to the following purposes if you are confident that you understand the applicable law can make the necessary adaptations:
the personal data of minors;
sensitive personal data / special categories of personal data;
large-scale processing of personal data;
any complex or unusual personal data processing; and
any personal data processing that is likely to have a significant impact on individuals’ rights and freedoms.
What information should I provide in my privacy policy?
Articles 13 and 14 of the GDPR set out the core disclosures required by the regulation.
Article 13
sets out the information that must be provided where personal data are collected from the individual.
Article 14
sets out the information that must be provided where personal data are collected from some other source.
The main categories of information are:
identity and contact information of the controller;
where personal data is not collected from the individual, the source and nature of that data;
the purposes of the processing;
the legal bases for the processing, including details of applicable legitimate interests;
the recipients or categories of recipients of the personal data;
details of international transfers of personal data that require legal protections, and details of those protections;
the periods for which the personal data will be stored, or at least the criteria used to determine those periods;
individuals’ legal rights with respect to their personal data;
whether the provision of personal data is a legal requirement;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling.
Should information about cookies be included in the privacy policy or elsewhere?
There’s a degree of overlap between the laws relating to cookies and those relating to the processing of personal data: cookies may themselves contain personal data; and even where cookies don’t themselves contain personal data, the reading of cookies will often result in the linking of cookie data to other personal data held by the operator.
Because of this overlap, it is common to include cookie disclosures in a privacy policy, and this template does include relevant disclosures – although not in so much detail as in our premium privacy and cookie policy templates.
The key legal instruments currently applicable to cookies are:
across the EU,
Directive 2002/58/EC
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 July 2002 concerning the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy in the electronic communications sector (Directive on privacy and electronic communications); and
in the UK, the
Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003
(as amended).
The latter is the UK’s implementing legislation for the former. The consolidated version of the UK regulations is not available on the legislation.gov.uk website and the text of the relevant Regulation (No 6) has been updated since 2003 – so use with care.
New legislation on cookies is currently going through the EU legislative process.
In addition to the information disclosure requirements, you may need to get user consent to cookies. This privacy policy template includes an optional statement to the effect that users consent to the use of cookies. However, this will not alone satisfy the cookies consent requirement under the cookie laws.
How do I edit the privacy policy?
After you have downloaded the policy, you will need to open it in your word processing software for editing.
The first thing you should decide is how to categorise the personal data that you process. Your categorisation should reflect how data is handled in practice. For example, you might differentiate between analytics data, enquiry data, customer relationship data and transaction data. The template privacy policy includes a suggested categorisation.
With respect to each of your categories of personal data, you will need to determine the purposes for which the data is processed and – this is often the hard bit – the legal basis for processing. Possible legal bases are individual consent, the performance of a contract, and your legitimate interests.
You will also need to identify recipients or categories of recipients, as well as relevant data retention periods.
Guidance notes are included in the template to help with the editing process.
After editing, you should add the privacy policy text to your website, either via your content management system or directly after converting it to HTML.
Why is your privacy policy is longer / more complicated than some other policy templates?
This policy is intended to be easy to use, but data protection law in general and the GDPR in particular are difficult to use.
Data protection law is necessarily built of abstractions, but some of the abstractions at the heart of the GDPR do not map easily onto the real world. The European Data Protection Board (EDPB) has produced voluminous guidance on the application of the GDPR, but the very existence of this guidance highlights the problem. If the law was clear, the guidance wouldn’t be needed.  In many cases, the guidance either overreaches or dodges the difficult issues.
Another reason for the length of our templates is that … they are templates.  They are intended to be edited before use, and it is much easier to delete unwanted provisions from a template than to add novel provisions. After you have finished editing our template, it should be materially shorter than when you started.
If you do plan to use a simpler template from another website, you should take care to ensure that it covers all the necessary ground. If you can create a privacy policy from a template in a few minutes, there may well be something wrong with the template.
What other privacy and cookies documents are available?
We supply a range of privacy and cookie documents on our ecommerce website, Website Contracts.
Title
Description
Get the document on…
Cookies policy
A simple policy covering cookies disclosures.
Privacy policy
A short-form privacy policy for data protection disclosures, identical to this policy except that it omits the SEQ Legal credit.
Privacy and cookies policy
A document combining the provisions of our privacy policy and cookies policy.
Do I also need a data protection or GDPR policy?
“Privacy policy” is not a term of art.
Documents with the same function will sometimes be called “privacy notices”, “data protection statements”, “personal data processing policies”, “GDPR policies” – or something different entirely.
Worse, there is a different type of document that shares the same pool of possible names.
Whilst our free privacy policy is concerned with the disclosure of information about personal data handling, this other type of document is concerned with specifying the policies and procedures that regulate how employees and non-employed personnel conduct themselves in relation to personal data handled by the organisation. This other type of document will typically form part of a staff handbook and/or the set of policies provided to freelances and other subcontractors engaged by the organisation to provide services.
I usually refer to this other type of document as a “data protection policy” – but don’t assume that other professionals will do so.
In most cases, you will want to keep these documents separate.
Do I need a data processing agreement?
A privacy policy is concerned with an organisation’s role as a controller of personal data; whereas a data processing agreement is concerned with an organisation’s role as a processor of personal data.
This distinction can be confusing and tricky to apply.
Both controllers and processors process personal data. Just because you are processing personal data, that doesn’t make you a processor. You might be a processor, but equally, you might be a controller. Confused yet?
The distinction is tricky to apply because the definitions are highly abstract. A controller is defined as a person who determines the purposes and means of processing personal data. A processor is a person who processes personal data on behalf of a controller. In practice, the determination of purposes is more significant than the determination of means.
An example might help.  A business providing website hosting services would usually be a processor with respect to personal data contained in the website databases of its customers. It would, however, usually be a controller with respect to personal data contained in its customer relationship management system. For some classes of data – for example, data collected when providing support services to customers – the correct classification may not be clear.
In any case, if you are a processor, then the GDPR requires that you enter into a specific set of contractual clauses with your controller. A data processing agreement is a document that contains those clauses, sometimes elaborating and/or supplementing them.  Processors should not produce privacy policies with respect to that data because the production of a privacy policy is the responsibility of the controller.
Comments
I work for  small independent commercial finance brokerage.  We collect data and hold information that is used to submit to lenders for loan approvals.  We have a privacy policy and currently we are asking all clients, directors and beneficial owners  to sign the policy explicitly and retain in the file for compliance checking.  My question is regarding the explicit signature requirement.  I have seen others place a hyperlink in the email signature sign off where the privacy policy can be viewed,  Is this sufficient?
Reply
You would need to take proper advice from a data protection lawyer on this.
Reply
Hi,
My web supplier tells me I need a privacy policy, but this was never mentioned in our 1st telephone conversation.
My web site WHEN up and running is for double glazing suppliers and fitters; I’m a sole trader and trade under the name raysglaze.
Do i need the policy they are trying to sell me.
Kind regards, Ray
Reply
Assuming that you collect some personal data via the website ( e.g. through a contact form) then you will need privacy policy, although not necessarily the one the website supplier is trying to sell to you. There are lots of free templates online, including our own.
Reply
I am starting a website which will contain free downloadable educational resources. Visitors to the site do not need to sign up to download nor provide their name. There is no comment or feedback section. The purpose of the website is just to share resources that people could use. Do I still need a privacy policy? If so I am not sure what other data collection I need to disclose as I am not asking for any information. I am assuming the privacy policy may need to contain information about third party plugins or cookies.
Reply
Strictly (but subject to certain exceptions) you need to provide information to data subjects about how you handle any personal data that you collect and use in the course of your business. In the case of this type of limited functionaltiy website, possible sources of personal data are: (i) website analytics systems (not all of this will be personal data, but some may be); and (ii) any communications you receive from users, eg via email. If the website uses “non-necessary” cookies (whether yours or from a third party), you should also be disclosing  information to users about those cookies.  All these disclosures are usually contained in a privacy and/or cookies policy.
Reply
Can you help with which privacy policy I need as a new startup wedding planning business, I am the only staff member. I have a Wix website which is under construction and has a contact page which requests only name and email address, it is optional to leave a phone number. I also have a facebook page which I would want to paste the link to the privacy policy there.
Reply
I have a website that only collects names and emails. People sign up to recieve the newsletters. What template do I need for this? Thank you!
Reply
You can use this privacy policy to help with your data protection disclosures here, although you will be able to delete many of the optional provisions, to produce a significantly shorter document.
Reply
Hi, I’m starting up a new business so at the moment I’ll be a sole trader, planning of becoming a limited company in a year or so. (I’m already running another business as sole trader “Cooking Tutor”). With this new venture, I will provide accomodation (reserved hotel’s rooms), transports (hired company that will supply their service) and guided tour (with a licenced guide). I will no providing flights. Would you be able to tell me if this template would be fine for me and what section I will not need if any? I’ll be collecting data like names, emails, addresses, phone number, for communication with those people. I will also need to give their data to the italian autority, when in Italy, for the purpose of paying city taxes.
I’ll be very grateful for any advise.
Fulvia
Reply
Hi Fulvia – Even if you were in the UK, I wouldn’t be able to provide this kind of assistance, unless you became a client of my law firm. Templates always need to be adapted for the circumstances in which they are used. You should consult an Italian IT/privacy lawyer about this.
Reply
Thank you for replying to me. I do live in the UK and selling the tour to UK, that’s why I was looking at this template. 🙂
Reply
… for the mistaken assumption.  My general point still stands, however: whilst a template privacy policy can highlight the main categories of information that a business will need to disclose, it is always possible that due to some particular circumstances it does not highlight all categories.  This document is a general website template, and doesn’t for example contain disclosures that are specific to tour operators.
Reply
Hi, I have my personal website where I write novels, stories and rhymes etc.  I publish those link to my facebook account and people visits my site to read my writings. I don’t use any kind of Ad in my site. Only issue is I have a contact form where visitors can put their name, e-mail address and messages. That’s how sometimes I get some of the visitors e-mail address.
So do I need to have a privacy policy or disclaimer etc?
Thanks a lot in advance.
Reply
The obligation to publish a privacy notice in the context of personal data collection will not apply in relation to processing “b
y a natural person in the course of a purely personal or household activity” (Reg 2(2)(c) GDPR). Your website might well fall within this exception – although NB the European courts seem to be interpreting it narrowly.
As regards a disclaimer, you probably have no obligation under UK law to publish the information that is typically included in a disclaimer, as the website is non-commercial.  However, if there are any risks relating to the use of the information published on the website (eg health information or exercise information) then it might be a good idea to publish a disclaimer nonetheless.
Reply
GDPR makes much mention of ‘personal’ data. If a business only carries out business with other businesses, not individuals, does GDPR still have to be complied with?
Also if yes then the privacy policy for business and personal privacy policy would be the same or they both to be different? Also how to get privacy policy for business?
Reply
Even if you are only dealing with other businesses, you will still be handling personal data. For example: the personal data of supplier and customer personnel, the personal data of employees and subcontractors, and the personal data of persons on your marketing lists. Wherever you are handling personal data, the GDPR will apply (subject to jurisdictional limitations).
You could either try to cover all the personal data that you handle (as a controller) under one privacy policy, or create different policies for different classes of data subject.  Larger business may have many different privacy policies; smaller business may have few or one (or, quite commonly, none at all…).
Reply
Hi
I am creating a website that is based on my hobby.  There are no commercial aspects to it; I do not sell anything and neither do I provide any chargeable services.  There is no membership and/or registration requirements on my website.  The website is purely me giving information about the subject for educational and/or personal interest reasons.
I do have a contact form and a comments page where people can write and upload comments to my posts, such as the one you have on this website. When I have tested the comments section on my site, and I look at the details of the comment via my website admin panel, I can see the following information about people who add comments: name (not required, they can post anonymously) and email (not required, again they can post anonymously.) Obviously, if they do provide a name and/or email address, then I can see that information in my admin panel.  I am, however, provided with an IP address of the sender if they submit a comment (whether anonymously or not).  Again, if somebody uses the contact form I will receive an email with their email address, and possibly name, contained within.
Would I need a privacy policy page for this site of mine?
Very many thanks for your time and assistance.
Reply
I’m just reading through the document I bought yesterday and it says it’s for England and Wales.  I thought it was for the UK (all included) and just wondered if it’s ok to use them for Northern Ireland as that’s where my business is based….?!  All this is such a headache and I thought I found the perfect solution when I was recommended your site yesterday … 🙂
Reply
While Northern Ireland does have a distinct legal system from England (see
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Northern_Ireland_law
), the legal rules that affect the T&Cs and privacy policy are largely EU rules or UK-wide rules. For instance, the data protection rules that regulate privacy notices are contained in the GDPR (an EU instrument) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (a UK-wide instrument). There may be relevant differences – e.g. in the principles of contract law – but I would be surprised if any differences had a significant impact on the text of the documents. However, I have not studied NI law and if you want a more certain answer to this question you should consult a NI qualified lawyer.
Reply
Hello, I am starting an on-line store selling food supplement products based in the UK but selling in other EU countries as well.  Which policy documents available here do I need to put on my website?  There are quite a few versions so I am a bit confused.  Thank you!
Reply
Typically, an online store will need at a minimum: (i) T&Cs of sale, to govern the contract of sale itself; (ii) T&Cs of use, to govern the relationship between the website operator and users, who may or may not be purchasing goods; and (iii) a privacy and cookies policy, to help with disclosures relating to data protection law.
Whilst we don’t currently have a free version of (i) on this website, you can find free versions of all three documents on our Docular website:
https://docular.net
Reply
I understand.  However, I would appreciate if you gave me a link to specific versions, especially of (i) as there are a few I can see on docular.net with different prices.  Which one would be the most suitable for my on-line store?  I assume the food supplements do not require any specific clauses that other products don’t have?  Thanks so much again!
Reply
I suggest you look at these documents:
https://docular.net/documents/template/173/free-website-terms-and-conditions
https://docular.net/documents/template/5194/free-terms-and-conditions-of-sale-via-website-
https://docular.net/documents/template/174/free-privacy-policy
These are all free, but there are paid versions if you want to remove the Docular credit/link.
This may also prove useful:
https://docular.net/documents/template/5578/consumer-contracts-model-instructions-for-cancellation
These do not contain any special terms regarding food supplements.  If I were preparing the documents, I would expect to add some special disclaimers for the product type.
Reply
Hi,  I went through your suggested documents, however, there are quite a few things that are unclear there for a non-expert  like myself.  Are there any explanatory notes for these doucments at all?   For example, in Website Terms & Conditions par. 6.1 specifies that a visitor should be a resident in the UK whereas my website is targetting other countries in the EU so how is this relevant to anyone who is a resident in other such countries? Par. 19.2 gives you a choice between “exclusive” and “non-exclusive”.  What is the difference and which option to choose?  The Privacy Policy doc is full of the unclear choices and “specify basis” “identify URL” and “sources” to fill in…. Could you explain perhaps how to fill in these as I have no idea what basis or sources I should quote…. 🙁  Thanks so much in advance!
If you click on the little notes / document icons in Docular, then notes corresponding to the relevant provisions will appear in the right-hand column.
The templates tend to include lots of optional / removable provisions, because it is easier to remove an unwanted clause than to write a missing one. The residency clause in the T&Cs can for most websites be removed.
Regarding exclusive / non-exclusive jurisdiction: the former should be used where you want ONLY the identified courts to adjudicate disputes; the latter where you want the identified courts PLUS any others who may have jurisdiction under the applicable rules of private international law. Even where you choose exclusive jurisdictions, the courts in a different country may sometimes ignore this (e.g. to apply their own consumer protection law).
Hi there, are your documents for use in the united states of america?
Reply
Unfortunately, no: these documents are not designed to help with US legal compliance.
Reply
Hi, i have a new online system which requires users to register with name/email address, company and phone number.
I have looked at your template, but this seems to be overly complicated for my scenario. There is no marketing, cookies or onward distribution or transfer of any details.
The data stored is for internal purposes only.
The only time the email address is used is for signon and to update software changes.
Do you have a less comprehensive template.
Thanks, Alex
Reply
I don’t have anything shorter right now, although it is on the list. If you go over to
https://docular.net
you can get access to this template through the Docular online editor, which makes removing unwanted material very easy.
Reply
Hi, my websites are all in portuguese language. Can I use your free version and translate it into portuguese? Also want to make some changes. Do you allow me to do the changes. thank you
Reply
Yes, you are welcome to translate the document, although assuming Portuguese law applies remember to account for any differences between English law and Portuguese law.
Reply
… why not use it with attribution?
Reply
The privacy policy template that you have is really very well written. But is there any email template that we send it to customers informing them about the update in our privacy policy?
Reply
Sorry, I don’t currently have any template text for this.
Reply
Hi, I had started a book promo business, but deleted it, when I heard about the privacy policy. I don’t have any money (long story) and it’s the only way for me to make any. It will be awhile before I can afford a business license. I’m only collecting emails and using PayPal for payment. Do I really need a privacy policy? Is a free template enough? Thanks, I miss the old days … lolsighs.
Reply
To the extent that the business will operate under English or other EU law, then yes you do need a privacy policy or similar notice. However templates – free or otherwise – cannot guarantee compliance, and always need some level of adaptation.
Reply
Hello,
Can I use this template for online store?
Thank you
Reply
It could be adapted for this purpose, but for a more suitable document see the “online shop” variant of this document:
https://www.website-contracts.co.uk/privacy-and-cookies-policy.html
Reply
Hello,
I was wondering if the template would serve for my purposes. I will only collect very basic personal information (name, email address) and use that information for follow-up purposes, etcetera. Obviously I will use cookies. I would appreciate any advice. Thank you!
Reply
Templates are merely tools, and always and to be adapted. So, if you adapt the document appropriately, it will serve your purposes. I appreciate that this isn’t very useful guidance. However, in order to assess whether a document is helping a business to comply with the law I would need to: (i) know a good deal about the business; and (ii) see the final version of the document, post editing. This is not a service I can provide alongside the templates.
Reply
I’m have blogs where I share most of my stories.This thing about GDPR compkianco is really confusing. What do I need to add or write in my Privacy Policy for my blog to be a GDPR compliance.
Thank you
Reply
Hello – thank you very much for the free template! What is the best way to deal with the portions that don’t apply to us? Instead of deleting all of them (I saw a note somewhere you don’t recommend doing that), can we write “Not Applicable” at the beginning of the section?
For example the portions about selling/giving/receiving data from 3rd parties, we don’t do that. Also parts about tracking their activity (page views, etc).
Thank you,
Tina
Reply
Hi there,
I run a couple of very small businesses (limited companies) One makes corporate films and the other supplies web design and web hosting for SMEs. We are totally word of mouth and do not advertise or use any form of email marketing or telesales except to our existing customers whenever we chase them for payment. We do not deal at all with the general public so only keep business data and that’s kept exclusively in our password protected off-line accounts package. Yes, we have simple email forms on our websites but not ones that populate a database, they simply send an email with the most basic of information. And the computers we use are password protected. And no, we do not have e-commerce so no need for opt-in or opt-out web-based systems.
I understand that we should mention this somehow on our websites but not sure what is necessary. Thanks for this service by the way. It’s refreshing as al I have had this last couple of weeks is people trying to sell me what I deem to be unnecessary and you kindly offer this. Impressed 🙂
Reply
Hi I am so confused, we are a very small construction company and we have an email address that we contact people and they contact us through, I have I still to ensure this is GDPR compliant, we would keep email addresses for contact only, so have I to send all my contacts this to say we are being GDPR compliant, if this is the case should we not be doing the same with our personal email addresses where we keep contacts, any help be appreciated
Reply
I am a life coach based in South Africa serving customers globally.
I do have a website and am sole owner, no other staff.
I have a general terms, conditions and disclaimer (when clients book and use my services) on my website, but I understand I have to include a standalone data privay policy page and link in the footer it?
All I have on my website is a general contact form if a reader if a client/reader on my website wants to conatct me which.
Website is designed with Weebly and I have update the forms  Weebly suggestes. Seems like double-opt in with picture verification.
All other client intake forms etc are done via Acuity Online Scheduler with intake forms (Not sure how to go about there), SurveyMonkey (Not sure how to go about there), and MailChimp (I have set up GDPR forms ans auto emails as they suggest)
Do I require to do anything else?
Reply
Hi, If my website is purely informational but we provide links to other websites that do collect personal data how much detail does my privacy policy require? Should it cover the personal data collected by teh other sites (they provide services on our behalf).
Thanks
Reply
Which would be the best for GDPR we are a partnership delivering training services to care providers. Many thanks Pete
Reply
Thank you for all the great templates and free stuff you have on your site.  You have answered lots of my questions just on this blog here.  Very helpful.  I will need the website privacy policy when I upgrade later in the year but for now I just need a basic privacy policy which covers the collection of contact details for written records and email newsletters.  I’ve been to the ICO website to find a template but its a very complicated site and haven’t managed to locate one on there.   Your information is so much clearer and easier to navigate.
Reply
My website promotes and advertises my range of services.
I am not a registered company, just a freelancer.   There is no data collection. People can contact me directly should they have use of my services.
Am I obliged to include the privacy policy and if so which one?
Thank you
Reply
If you didn’t collect personal data and if you don’t use cookies on your website, then you will have nothing to say in a privacy policy. However, as people can contact you, you do in fact collect personal data (which includes names, email addresses and so on). The website may also collect personal information (which can include IP addresses).
With the GDPR, privacy policy templates almost always need heavy adaptation to fit with the particular way in which a business (acting as data controller) processes personal information. I can’t really give a sensible answer to the question of “which one” without knowing much more about the website, and what you do with personal data – in practice I would need to take you on as a client to give useful guidance here.
Reply
Useful template thanks. I notice your templates says people can access their data subject to “(a) the payment of a fee (currently fixed at GBP 10)”.
I thought GDPR made it illegal to request a fee unless the request was unduly onerous or made repeatedly. Could you clarify?
Thanks
Reply
There are two alternative sections in the privacy policy dealing with data subject rights. The first is designed to help with compliance under the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA), and should be used until the General Data Protection Regulation (GDRP) comes into force. The second is designed to help with the compliance under hte GDPR, and should be used after the GDPR comes into force. See the sections numbered 8.
The reason for including both sections is that a GDPR-compliant section would be non-compliant under the DPA, while a DPA-compliant section would be non-compliant under the GDPR. We will remove the DPA section from the template in mid-May.
Reply
I would like to know if I can use your template for my website even if I need to translate in French.
My organisation is a limited registered in the UK, my website will be provided information about sports in France. do you think your document can support my requirement.
Reply
The SEQ licence allows you to do this, but you may need to ensure that the translated document is compliant with applicable French law.  (Although data protection law is in theory harmonised across the EU, in practice there are differences.)
Reply
Good day, I’m based in South Africa and I’m working on developing a music website that will serve all music fans all over the world. I want to know which policy I can use or download for the site.  Does it only works for Europe citizens only?
Reply
Our documents are all designed to help compliance with English law (including EU law as applicable/implemented in the UK). As your business is based in SA, you should start with documents designed to help with SA law.
(However, in some circumstances you may also need to comply with foreign law.)
Reply
Hello, i just launched the website of my record label, a net label. Mainly I’ll be offerening music distribution, remix and mastering and a promotion blog where people and artists will submit their music, photos, links of their social media, links to videos, biography, information about the artist like name, country, age.
I’m not registered as an offical company as I’m just starting and maybe in a future I will start as self employed. So basically I’m like a sole trader where I will be in charge of all the website management and deciding which artists I will be promoting. I download the privacy policy but in some points I dont have the information like:
15.2 We are registered in [England and Wales] under registration number
[number]
, and our registered office is at
[address]
.
15.3 Our principal place of business is at
[address]
.
Reply
Section 15.2 can be removed as you do not have a company.
Section 15.3 however should be retained. You presumably however still have an address from which you conduct the business, even if this is your home address. You should also include your name “Joe Bloggs trading as XYZ” in the legal docs, so that users and customers can identify who they are dealing with.
I’m assuming English law applies.
Reply
Are your Privacy Notices GDPR compliant?
Reply
We don’t generally update our templates until shortly before relevant legal changes take effect.
Reply
The template has now been updated for GDPR, with an choice of DPA and GDPR compliant “your rights” clauses.
Reply
I have an Android mobile app that accesses the camera and so as such Googles terms require that I have a privacy policy. I store no information from the camera between sessions so this is just a requirement of compliance with Google as I don’t store or use any personal information. Would you have a template to cover such situations? I think this would be very useful to many.
Reply
Thanks for your comment Chris.
I’m hoping to do some mobile app-specific legal templates at some point, but it won’t be soon I’m afraid.
Reply
How much will it cost us exactly to purchase this Privacy Policy licence without SEQ Legal author credit?
Reply
It’s GBP 10 inc VAT (if applicable), and available for purchase here:
https://www.website-contracts.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
Reply
Hello, I am developing a good game for Android that integrates some Facebook plugins and ask for some permissions (user profile, name, picture and publish permissions). Facebook requires that my app have a web page and in that web page should be the privacy policy (this web page is created via wix.com).
Would your privacy policy template be good enough for my needs?
Thanks in advance for the help.
Reply
I can never say that a template will alone be good enough. In legal terms, a privacy policy being “good enough” means enabling the business in question to comply with all relevant data protection / privacy disclosure laws. The information that needs to be disclosed by a business will vary from case to case. For example, the geographical location of your service providers might affect this.  A template cannot know anything about your business, so cannot ensure compliance. You should take legal advice if you want to ensure compliance and you don’t know how to do this yourself.
Reply
Hello,
I am quite confused with the privacy thing in general. We are lettings agency and we just had our website created and I believe we need a privacy policy license. How do we obtain it? And how do I put it on our website?
Thanks.
Reply
There are various options.
1. You can download this document (click the button above) and use it free of charge, providing you retain the section in the document that credits us as the source of the document (“This policy is based on a template published by SEQ Legal…”).
2. If you want to project a more professional image, you can buy a licence to use this template without the credit text, here:
https://www.website-contracts.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
3. If you want to edit the document online with our online editor, which makes teh job easier, use:
https://docular.net/documents/template/12/privacy-policy
4. Finally, you could ask a lawyer to produce the document for you.
The method of getting the text on to the website depends upon the technology used to create the website.  NB Docular allows you to export in HTML format which can make this process quicker.
Reply
Thank you for your response. So just to clarify, as long as we have this document dispayed on our website and we a registered with Information
Commisioners office, we are compliant with the privacy policy act? What about cookies? Do we need that poping up in our website too? Many thanks for your help!
Reply
No, a template will never guarantee compliance. It’s merely a tool. To ensure compliance you or a professional adviser needs to understand both the legislation and your business and then make the relevant disclosures and handle any other compliance points, including the best way to get consent for the use of cookies.
Reply
I am starting a patient consultant (advocate) service. What disclaimer, privacy policy and terms and conditions would I need to put on my blog?
Reply
I’d need to know a little more about the blog before commenting on this. Can you give me an idea of the type of content that would be included in the blog, and also whether there is any non-blog functionality on the website?
Reply
Add a new comment
Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Comment
Name
Email
Set a cookie to save my name and email to use for future comments.
Copyright © 2025 Docular Limited | All rights reserved
Notifications
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy:
Skip to main content
Sign in with Microsoft
Sign in or create an account.
Hello,
Select a different account.
You have multiple accounts
Choose the account you want to sign in with.
Applies To
Privacy
Microsoft Edge
Windows 10
The new Microsoft Edge
helps you browse, search, shop online, and more. Like all modern browsers, Microsoft Edge lets you collect and store specific data on your device, like cookies, and lets you send information to us, like browsing history, to make the experience as rich, fast, and personal as possible.
Whenever we collect data, we want to make sure it’s the right choice for you. Some people worry about their web browsing history being collected. That’s why we tell you what data is stored on your device or collected by us. We give you choices to control what data gets collected. For more information about privacy in Microsoft Edge, we recommend reviewing our
Privacy Statement
.
What data is collected or stored, and why
Microsoft uses diagnostic data to improve our products and services. We use this data to better understand how our products are performing and where improvements need to be made.
Microsoft Edge collects a set of required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected. Microsoft believes in and practices information collection minimization. We strive to gather only the info we need, and to store it only for as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis. In addition, you can control whether optional diagnostic data associated with your device is shared with Microsoft to solve product issues and help improve Microsoft products and services.
As you use features and services in Microsoft Edge, diagnostic data about how you use those features is sent to Microsoft. Microsoft Edge saves your browsing history—information about websites you visit—on your device. Depending on your settings, this browsing history is sent to Microsoft, which helps us find and fix problems and improve our products and services for all users. You can manage the collection of optional diagnostic data in the browser by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
and turning on or off
Help improve Microsoft products by sending optional diagnostic data about how you use the browser, websites you visit, and crash reports
. This includes data from testing new experiences. To finish making changes to this setting, restart Microsoft Edge.
Turning this setting on allows this optional diagnostic data to be shared with Microsoft from other applications using Microsoft Edge, such as a video streaming app that hosts the Microsoft Edge web platform to stream the video. The Microsoft Edge web platform will send info about how you use the web platform and sites you visit in the application to Microsoft.  This data collection is determined by your optional diagnostic data setting in Privacy, search, and services settings in Microsoft Edge.
On Windows 10, these settings are determined by your Windows diagnostic setting. To change your diagnostic data setting, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
.
As of
March 6th 2024,
Microsoft Edge diagnostic data is collected separately from Windows diagnostic data on Windows 10 (version 22H2 and newer) and Windows 11 (version 23H2 and newer) devices in the European Economic Area. For these Windows versions, and on all other platforms, you can change your settings in Microsoft Edge by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
. In some cases, your diagnostic data settings might be managed by your organization.
When you’re searching for something, Microsoft Edge can give suggestions about what you’re searching for. To turn on this feature, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
>
Address bar and search
, and turn on
Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters
. As you start to type, the info you enter in the address bar is sent to your default search provider to give you immediate search and website suggestions.
When you use InPrivate browsing or guest mode, Microsoft Edge collects some info about how you use the browser depending on your Windows diagnostic data setting or Microsoft Edge privacy settings, but automatic suggestions are turned off and info about websites you visit is not collected. Microsoft Edge will delete your browsing history, cookies, and site data, as well as passwords, addresses, and form data when you close all InPrivate windows. You can start a new InPrivate session by selecting
Settings and more
on a computer or
Tabs
on a mobile device.
Microsoft Edge also has features to help you and your content stay safe online. Windows Defender SmartScreen automatically blocks websites and content downloads that are reported to be malicious. Windows Defender SmartScreen checks the address of the webpage you're visiting against a list of webpage addresses stored on your device that Microsoft believes to be legitimate. Addresses that aren't on your device’s list and the addresses of files you're downloading will be sent to Microsoft and checked against a frequently updated list of webpages and downloads that have been reported to Microsoft as unsafe or suspicious.
To speed up tedious tasks like filling out forms and entering passwords, Microsoft Edge can save info to help. If you choose to use those features, Microsoft Edge stores the info on your device. If you’ve turned on sync for form fill like addresses or passwords, this info will be sent to the Microsoft cloud and stored with your Microsoft account to be synced across all your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge. You can manage this data from
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
To integrate your browsing experience with other activities you do on your device, Microsoft Edge shares your browsing history with Microsoft Windows through its Indexer. This information is stored locally on the device. It includes URLs, a category in which the URL might be relevant, such as “most visited”, “recently visited”, or “recently closed”, and also a relative frequency or recency within each category. Websites you visit while in InPrivate mode will not be shared. This information is then available to other applications on the device, such as the start menu or taskbar.
You can manage this feature by selecting
Settings and
more
>
Settings
>
Profile
, and turning on or off
Share browsing data with other Windows features
. If turned off, any previously shared data will be deleted.
To protect some video and music content from being copied, some streaming websites store Digital Rights Management (DRM) data on your device, including a unique identifier (ID) and media licenses. When you go to one of these websites, it retrieves the DRM info to make sure you have permission to use the content.
Microsoft Edge also stores cookies, small files that are put on your device as you browse the web. Many websites use cookies to store info about your preferences and settings, like saving the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to add them each time you visit. Some websites also use cookies to collect info about your online activity to show you interest-based advertising. Microsoft Edge gives you options to clear cookies and block websites from saving cookies in the future.
Microsoft Edge will send Do Not Track requests to websites when the
Send Do Not Track requests
setting is turned on. Websites may still track your activities even when a Do Not Track request is sent, however.
How to clear data collected or stored by Microsoft Edge
To clear browsing info stored on your device, like saved passwords or cookies:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
Under
Clear browsing data,
select
Choose what to clear
.
Under
Time range
, choose a time range.
Select the check box next to each data type you’d like to clear, and then select
Clear now
.
If you’d like, you can select
Choose what to clear every time you close the browser
and choose which data types should be cleared.
Learn more about what gets deleted for each browser history item
.
To clear browsing history collected by Microsoft:
To see your browsing history associated with your account, sign in to your account at
account.microsoft.com
. In addition, you also have the option of clearing your browsing data that Microsoft has collected using the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
To delete your browsing history and other diagnostic data associated with your Windows 10 device, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
, and then select
Delete
under
Delete diagnostic data
.
To clear browsing history shared with other Microsoft features on the local device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
Select
Share browsing data with other Windows features
.
Toggle this setting to
off
.
To clear individual passwords stored by Microsoft Edge on your device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
, and then select
Passwords
.
Under
Saved passwords
, select
More actions
next to a website name, and then select
Delete
to clear the password saved for that site.
How to manage your privacy settings in Microsoft Edge
To change your level of tracking prevention, clear your browsing data, help improve Microsoft Edge, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
To choose if websites can ask for permission to use your location, camera, microphone, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Site permissions
.
To choose what types of data are synced across your devices, or to turn off syncing entirely, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
>
Sync
.
To learn more about privacy in Microsoft Edge, read the
Microsoft Edge privacy whitepaper
.
Yes
No
What affected your experience?
Any additional feedback? (Optional)
Submit feedback
By pressing submit, your feedback will be used to improve Microsoft products and services.
Your IT admin will be able to collect this data.
Privacy Statement.
×