PetsApp: Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the ways in which we,
PetsApp Ltd ("we", "us", or "our") with company number 11502857 and
registered office at Flat 1 168 Queens Road, London, United Kingdom, SE15 2HP, collect and use personal data from you in the course of our
business, including via the website: petsapp.com (the "Site"), and via
our iOS, Amazon and Android app, PetsApp (the "App").
We may change this Policy at any time in which case we shall notify you
of any changes to this Policy. The changes will apply to your use of the
Site and/or App (as applicable) after we have given notice. If you do
not wish to accept the new Policy you should not continue to use the
Site and/or App (as applicable). If you continue to use the Site and/or
App (as applicable) after the date on which the change comes into
effect, your use of the Site and/or App (as applicable) indicates your
agreement to be bound by the new Policy.
This Policy was last changed in August 2021.
1. Background
1.1. We, PetsApp Ltd, are the data controller. We can be contacted on
+44 7422 942065
or
hello@petsapp.com
.
1.2. Our Data Protection Officer, Thom Jenkins, can be contacted at
Office 406 Exmouth House, London, England, EC1R 0JH, +44 7422 942065
or
data@petsapp.com
.
1.3. We will always comply (and be able to demonstrate our compliance)
with relevant data protection legislation, including the Data Protection
Act 2018 ("DPA") and the UK General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR")
as applicable, when processing your personal data. Further details on
the DPA and UK GDPR can be found at the Information Commissioner's
Office website (
www.ico.gov.uk
).
2. Your use of the Site
2.1.
Information which is collected when you use the Site
: We may
collect the following information from you via the Site if you choose to
contact us via the Site to book a demo or sign-up to use our App, namely
your name, e-mail address, company name, job title, clinic details and
clinic website details, together with any other contact details that you
may provide to us such as your phone number. We also collect information
via our use of cookies as described in our
cookies
policy
. Finally, if you choose to
use the feature on our Site which allows you to search for your nearest
clinic you can choose, if you wish to do so, to provide us your location
so that we can display the clinics closest to you.
2.2.
Processing ground
: We rely on the contractual necessity
processing ground to collect the items of information listed in 2.1.
above in relation to you contacting us, as this information is required
in order for us to sign you up as a client and/or book a demo (as
applicable). In relation to our use of cookies and any location data
that you choose to provide to us, we rely on consent because we ask if
you consent to our use of cookies when you first visit the Site and we
ask you to consent to providing us with your location before you do so.
2.3.
How the information about you on the Site is used
: The
information about you described in paragraph 2.1. is used by us:
a)  to book you in for a demo and/or sign you up as a client; and
b)  to analyse and improve the performance of our Site, for example in
relation to using Google Analytics in order to track who visits our
Site and how they navigate around the pages.
3. Your use of the App
3.1.
Information which is collected by our App
: We may collect the
following information when you use our App:
a)  If you are a veterinary clinic client of ours, a contact name and
e-mail address, the address of your veterinary clinic and telephone
number of such clinic.
b)  If you are a veterinary clinic employee/contractor i.e., a
veterinary clinic end user actually using the App, we will collect
from you your name, e-mail address, job role and affiliated clinic
name (whether given to us by the vet clinic itself or by you
inputting such details directly or signing-up via Google, Facebook
or Apple). We will then verify these details (including e.g., via an
appropriate RCVS registration entry) and, once verified, allow you
to access and use the App.
c)  If you are a pet owner: (i) your name and e-mail address as provided
to us directly by you if you choose to sign-up to the App (whether
by inputting such details directly or signing-up via Google,
Facebook or Apple); or (ii) your name and telephone number as
provided to us indirectly via your veterinary clinic in order for
your veterinary clinic or us, on the instructions of your veterinary
clinic, to invite you to sign-up to the App. Upon sign-up, in
addition to the details provided to us directly or indirectly as
above, we will then collect further details from you including your
e-mail address or phone number (as applicable), post code, and
details about your pet (such as their type, gender, breed, date of
birth, weight and whether they are neutered or not). If you sign-up
indirectly under c(ii) some of these details may already be
pre-populated by your veterinary clinic but we would advise you to
carefully check and edit these as needed.
d)  If you are a veterinary clinic end user or pet owner using the App
we will also, if you carry out any appointment via the App, record
the appointment and, if you choose to submit such a review at the
end of the appointment or via the Site, the review of your
appointment. The nature of what is recorded obviously depends on the
nature of the appointment itself and the nature of such review
obviously depends on what you choose to submit via the review.
3.2.
Processing ground
: We rely on contractual necessity to process
the items of personal data set out in paragraph 3.1. above because such
information is required for us to license the App to you. The exceptions
to this are: (a) the data collected under c(i) if we use such data for
the purposes of sending electronic marketing messages to you, in which
case we will only do so if we have your consent or, where we are
instructed to send such electronic marketing messages on behalf of your
veterinary clinic, where you have provided such consent to your clinic;
(b) the data collected under c(ii) as we are a data processor in
relation to such data and hence reliant on whatever data processing
ground your veterinary clinic is relying on to permit us to process your
data on their instructions; and (c) the data collected under (d) where
we rely on: (i) legitimate interests in the case of the appointment
records because we require such data for our own professional liability
and regulatory purposes, and to further our business purpose and the
collection and retention of such data by us does not outweigh your
rights and freedoms as an individual given that the App is a virtual
appointment based application and you are informed that we record such
data before you take part in the applicable appointment and the nature
of such data collected and retained by us merely relates to the
particular appointment in question and is hence not particularly
sensitive personal data; and (ii) consent in the case of the review as
you choose whether to provide such a review and what to provide in such
review yourself.
3.3.
How the information about you on the App is used
: The
information about you described in paragraph 3.1. may be used by us as
follows:
a)  to enable us to undertake administration tasks in relation to the
management of the App and to provide the services that we provide
via the App to you, namely to permit you to attend and access
veterinary appointment services electronically;
b)  to, if you consent and/or have provided your veterinary clinic with
such consent (or where otherwise permitted under electronic
marketing legislation), send electronic marketing messages to you in
relation to goods or services that we consider you may be interested
in;
c)  to tweak, tune and facilitate the improvement of the App;
d)  to provide technical support in relation to your use of the App and
troubleshooting;
e)  to prevent fraud or illegal activities;
f)  to use such information in anonymised form for our own research and
marketing purposes; and
g)  to share with third parties as described in paragraph 3.4 below.
3.4.
Sharing information with third parties
: We shall not pass your
information to any third party (other than as described in this
paragraph). Your information may, subject to our obligations to comply
with applicable data protection legislation, be shared with the
following third parties:
a)  various external service providers that we engage to provide
services for us, including AWS, Twilio, Stripe, Elastic Cloud,
Practice Management System providers and Auth0;
b)  Google, Facebook and/or Apple if you are a pet owner or veterinary
clinic end user and choose to sign-up with us via those services;
c)  having taken precautions to maintain the security of such
information, we may share this information with our regulator
together with certain professional advisors of ours such as lawyers
and accountants;
d)  in anonymised form, we may share the information with: (i) any third
party, in relation to the sale of some or all of our business, or
its assets, or as part of any business restructuring or
reorganisation. We will take steps with the aim of ensuring that
your rights continue to be protected if your personal data is
transferred in accordance with this paragraph; or (ii) law
enforcement agencies in compliance with law enforcement.
3.5.
Links to third party websites and third party adverts
: We are
not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites
even if you access them using links from the Site or App. You should
check the policy of each site you visit and contact its owner or
operator if you have any concerns or questions. In addition, if you link
to the Site or App from a third party site or via a social network (e.g.
Twitter), we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices
of the owners or operators of that third party site and recommends that
you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or
operator if you have any concerns or questions.
3.6.
Security
: We have implemented technology and policies to
safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.
3.7.
Storage and Data Retention
: Your information is stored by us,
via our third party storage provider (AWS), in the EEA for so long as we
consider it necessary to store it in order to be able to provide our
services to you. Generally speaking, this is therefore the period of
time for which you are engaged by us (if you are a veterinary clinic or
veterinary clinic user), your clinic is engaged by us (if you are a pet
owner that signed-up via a vet clinic invite) or you have an account
with us (if you are a pet owner that signed-up directly yourself). The
exception to this is in relation to the appointment related data which
we store for 7 years in accordance with applicable regulatory
obligations. Our other third party partners may store data outside the
EEA and we have appropriate contracts in place to ensure the adequacy of
such transfer. You can ask for your information to be removed at any
time by e-mailing us
at
data@petsapp.com
.
3.8.
Your Rights
: You can contact us using the details set out above
if you wish to: (i) access a copy of the personal data that we hold
about you; (ii) correct any items of personal data that we hold about
you; and/or (iii) have any items of personal data that we hold about you
erased or object to our processing of such items of personal data. You
may also contact the ICO at any time.
By using this website you agree to our
cookie policy
Dismiss