PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: October 28, 2021
Welcome! You have arrived at wondery.com and/or are otherwise interacting with our Service (defined below), which is owned and operated by Wondery LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“
Wondery
” or “
we
,” “
our
” or “
us
“). This Privacy Policy governs your use of any online service location (including, without limitation, both mobile and online versions) that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (each a “
Site
” except when we refer only to our mobile apps, in which case an “
App
“), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a Site and/or that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “
Service
“), regardless of how you access or use them, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, but does not apply to data we receive from third parties, except to the extent we combine such data with Personal Information (defined below) that we have ourselves collected under this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our Service (unless otherwise stated below), and does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with our Service. Also, it is limited to our practices and our Service includes access to third party content and services we do not control. Consult their privacy policies regarding their practices.
To the extent we provide you notice on our Service of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
In addition, please review the Service’s
Terms of Service
, which governs your use of the Service, and includes, among other things, grants of rights from you, limits on our liability and your remedies, mandatory arbitration, and waiver of jury trial and class actions.
By using our Service, you agree to our Terms of Service and consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below.
1. WHAT INFORMATION DOES THE SERVICE COLLECT?
a. Information About You That You Provide to Us
Personal Information and Demographic Information
. On the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, and home address (“
Personal Information
“); and (2) demographic information, such as information about your gender, age, zip code, country, company name, and company type (“
Demographic Information
“). We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including at registration, newsletter sign-up forms, “contact us” forms, or when you otherwise interact with the Service. To the extent we combine Demographic Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
b. Information Collected or Stored As You Access and Use the Service Generally.
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service (“
Usage Information
”). This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone, or other device (a “
Device
”) whenever you visit or interact with our Service. To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat such combined data as Personal Information, but we do not otherwise treat it (including UIDs (defined below) as Personal Information (i.e., we treat it as Non-Personal Information), except to the extent required by applicable law.
This Usage Information may include:
your IP address, UDID, advertising identifier, device identifier or other unique identifier (“
UID
“). A device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Service, and our computers identify your Device by its device identifier;
clickstream data reflecting the information you enter and the selections you make while using the Service;
your Device functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information);
the URL that referred you to our Service;
the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there, including remembering you and your preferences;
your Device location;
your Device characteristics; and
certain other Device data, including the time of day, among other information.
Tracking Technologies
. We may use now and hereafter known methods and technologies to store or collect Usage Information (“
Tracking Technologies
”). Tracking Technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your Device. A few of the Tracking Technologies include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed):
Cookies
,
Web Beacons
,
Embedded Scripts
,
Browser Fingerprinting
,
Etags
,
Recognition Technologies
, and
in-App Tracking
.
Cookies
. A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Service. A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. To identify local shared objects on your computer and adjust your settings, please visit:
www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html
Web Beacons
. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs,” “Pixel Tags,” or “Web Bugs”) may be included in our Service’s pages and messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Embedded Scripts
. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser Fingerprinting
. Collection and analysis of information from your Device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
ETag, or Entity Tag
. A feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of UID. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Recognition Technologies
. Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household).
In-app Tracking Methods
. There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifiers such as “Ad IDs” to associate app user activity to a particular app.
There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Service.
Tracking Technologies Choices and Consent.
We are giving you detailed notice of the Tracking Technologies and your limited choices regarding them so that your consent is meaningfully informed. For more information on your choices regarding Tracking Technologies, see
Section 6
and
Section 7
below.
Third Party Tracking and Do Not Track.
Third parties may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may not control those Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them. However, you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of our Service. Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third-parties and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect. The relevant third party’s terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices. We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third-party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties. For more information on our vendors, and their Tracking Technologies, click
here
. For more information on advertising and advertisers, and related Tracking Technologies, click
here
. For more information on your choices regarding Tracking Technologies click
here
.
Also, various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms known as “do not track signals”. For instance, some browsers may have such signal options, though they differ as to if the signal is set as default or must be turned on by the user. Further, there is not yet an industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals. Accordingly, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms, though we may consider doing so if an understandable and practical standard is developed and widely adopted. For more information on “do not track” visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
c. Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may receive information about you from your friends and others that use the Service, such as when they submit content to us or post on the Service. Additionally, we may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect directly from you on our Service with outside records from third parties for various purposes, including to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities that may be of interest to you. To the extent we combine information we receive from those sources with your Personal Information we collect on the Service, it will be treated as Personal Information and we will apply this Privacy Policy to such combined information, unless we have disclosed otherwise. In no other circumstances do our statements under this Privacy Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties.
d. Third-Party Content and Services
The Service may include functionality that allows certain kinds of interactions between the Service and a third-party web site, platform, tool, application or other service, and accessing or display of third-party content via the Service (“
Third Party Services
”). The use of Third Party Services may involve the third-party operator thereof (“
Third Party Operator
“) providing certain information, including Personal Information, to us. For example, when you register with the Service, you may have an option to use your Facebook, Google or other account provided by a third-party site or application to facilitate the registration and log-in or transaction process on the Service, or otherwise link accounts. In addition, you may be able to access our Service, your Account and/or Service content via a third party platform, site, app or other service, (e.g., the Android and Apple app stores) and those Third Party Operators may collect Personal Information and other data about you in connection therewith, and may provide some or all of it to us [(e.g., the third party may handle the billing of transactions for our content that are purchased via the Third Party Service and then tell us what you purchased so we can fulfill the order).
If we offer and you choose to use Third Party Services to access or use our Service, the Third Party Services may send Personal Information about you to us. To the extent we combine such third-party sourced information with Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. If we discontinue use of any Third Party Service (e.g., your Facebook or any other account as an access mechanism for the Service), you consent that we may nevertheless retain any Personal Information, and other information and data, we may have already received in connection therewith in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition, we may provide Third Party Services’ interfaces or links on the Service to facilitate your sending a communication from the Service. For example, we may use third parties to facilitate e-mails, tweets, “likes,” content submissions or postings of comments on Facebook or other social media platforms. We may also enable access to or display of third party content via the Service, that is actually being served or published by the third party, and such third party may be collecting data from you in connection with that content. These third parties may collect and retain any information used or provided in any such communications or other activities and these third parties’ practices are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
When you use Third Party Services, you are using their services and not our Service and they, not we, are responsible for their practices. You should review the applicable third party privacy policies before using such Third Party Services in connection with our Service. For more information on Third Party Services and the policies and activities of Third Party Operators see
Section 5
.
e. Information You Provide About a Third Party
You may send someone else a communication from the Service, such as sending an invitation to a friend. If so, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used by us for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on our Service, your contact information, name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s). Some of these tools may be Third Party Services subject to third-party privacy policies as further detailed in
Section 1(d)
,
Section 3(a)
and
Section 5
.
2. HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
Generally
. We may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information and/or Usage Information that we collect about you: (1) to provide you with information or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive, including to send you electronic newsletters, or to provide you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of us or third parties; (2) to enable you to participate in a variety of the Service’s features including online entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions; (3) to process your registration with any of the Service, including verifying your information is active and valid; (4) to manage and administer the Service including content management (including territory restrictions), account management, and billing and collections activities; (5) to improve the Service or create new service offerings, to customize your experience on any of the Service, or to serve you, or suggest to you, specific content that may be most relevant to you; (6) to contact you with regard to your use of any of the Service and, in our discretion, changes to the any of the Service and/or any of the Service’s policies; (7) to prevent unauthorized, improper or illegal activities on the Service; (8) for internal business purposes; and (9) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy or for any other legal purpose not inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service.
Advertising and Content Management
. We may also use your Personal Information, Demographic Information or Usage Information that we collect about you: (1) to specifically target relevant advertisements or content to you, including making recommendations based on your activities; (2) to restrict access to certain content as required by the content owner’s licenses (e.g., to enforce territory restrictions); (3) to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements or content that have been delivered to you; and (4) when you comment to or add content to the Service. For more on advertising, see
Section 6
, and for information on your choices regarding advertising, see
Section 7
below.
Contact Us
. Please note that information submitted to any of the Service via a “contact us” or other similar customer inquiry function may not receive a response. We will not use Personal Information provided by you in a customer inquiry communication to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
Use of Information for Recruitment Purposes
. Where you have provided us with Personal Information and/or Demographic Information) as part of an online application for employment or internship, we may use that information in order to allow us to make an informed decision about whether to proceed with your application. We may, as part of this recruitment process, collect information about your education, employment history and similar matters. Where this Personal Information or Demographic Information is considered to be sensitive, you expressly consent to our processing of this information for recruitment purposes by submitting it to us.
3. HOW AND WHEN DO WE SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES?
We may share “
Non-Personal Information
” (i.e., information that is not or is modified not to be Personal Information), such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties. For instance, if we de-identify data about you, it is not treated as Personal Information by us, and we may share it with others freely. Except where prohibited by applicable law, we may share your UIDs with third parties along with data (other than Personal Information) related to you and your activities as non-Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. However, we do not share your Personal Information that we have collected directly from you on our Service with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, except as set forth in
Section 3
(e.g., as part of the sale of our business), unless we have given you the choice to consent or withhold consent to such sharing, which may be offered at the time you provide such Personal Information but at any event you can opt out from future share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes by contacting us here.
In addition, we may share the information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below, as set forth in our
Terms
or any applicable Additional Terms, or otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy for any other reason not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. Without limitation of the forgoing, we may disclose your information, including Personal Information, as follows:
a. When You Request Information From or Provide Information to Third Parties
. You may be presented with an option on our Service to receive certain information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties or to have us send certain information to third parties or give them access to it. If you choose to do so, your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties. In addition, third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their Tracking Technologies, Third Party Services (e.g., Third Party Operator’s content, tools apps or ads on our Service) or link to them from our Service. This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest or other third-party posting or content sharing tools and by so interacting you consent to such Third Party Operator’s practices. If you elect to share information about your media choices and your use of the Service with your social networks, you will be sending information about you to the social networking services that you designate, including Usage Data relating to your use of the Service. You may be asked to consent on a use-by-use basis to the sharing of information about your media selections with social networks, or to otherwise consent to such sharing. It may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party is the seller. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them.
b. Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf
. We may use third-party vendors and partners to perform certain services on behalf of us or the Service, such as hosting or distributing the Service, designing and/or operating the Service’s features, tracking the Service’s activities and analytics, facilitating transactions, order fulfillment, payments and customer service, and enabling us to send you special offers or perform other administrative services. We may provide these third parties with access to your information, including UIDs, Usage Information and Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your Device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, potentially including Personal Information, about you. We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. However, some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices. For more information, see
Section 7(b)
below. For more on how to recognize and potentially limit our vendors’ Tracking Technologies, see
Section 1(b)
(below).
c. To Deliver Social Content and Advertising
. We, and others we work with (e.g., third party publishers, advertisers and advertising services providers) may use your Personal Information, Demographic Information and/or Usage Information we have collected in connection with the Service to target and deliver content and advertisements to you and other users, both on and off of our Service. Further, by using the Service, you consent to the use of your Personal Information and your Service activity information (including regarding your content consumption) in, or in connection with, sponsored content and advertisements shown to your connections or other users. For example, by associating your real name, username and/or profile photo in, or in connection with, sponsored content and/or advertisements (e.g., John listened to this podcast, Julie likes Acme Corp., etc.). However, we may, from time to time, offer you options to manage this type of social sharing via your Profile settings, and we will, make reasonable good faith efforts to respect settings. However, we do not guarantee that your setting selections will be effective immediately or be error free when delivering social content and advertisements. For more information on these setting options, or to let us know about any problems regarding such settings, visit
here
.
d. To Protect the Rights of Wondery and Others
. To the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we may also disclose your information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of Wondery or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, our
Terms of Service
, and other applicable agreements and policies); (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations and government requests (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas or court orders); (iii) comply with our obligations and commitments to safeguard the privacy and security of your information; or (iv) prevent unauthorized, improper or illegal activities on the Service. Further, we may disclose information about you as otherwise permitted under our Terms of Service or as specifically disclosed when we collect information from you. Additionally, if you notify us that you believe your rights have been violated in connection with the Service or another user of the Service, we may disclose information about you to the extent necessary to evaluate and respond to your concern. To the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we have complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.
e. Affiliates and Business Transfer
. We may share your information, including your UIDs and Personal Information, Demographic Information and Usage Information with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (“
Affiliates
“) subject to applicable law. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Service or applicable database; or (ii) in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change; including, in either case, during the course of any related due diligence process.
f. Co-Branded Areas
. Certain areas of the Service may be provided to you in association with third parties (“
Co-Branded Areas
”) (such as sponsors, charities, and political organizations) and may require you to disclose Personal Information to them. Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party and indicate if they have a privacy policy that applies to their collection and use of you information. If you elect to register for products and/or services, communicate with such third parties or download their content or applications, at Co-Branded Areas, you may be providing your information to both us and the third party. Further, if you sign-in to a Co-Branded Area with a username and password obtained on the Service, your Personal Information may be disclosed to the identified third parties for that Co-Branded Area. We are not responsible for such third party’s data collection or practices and you should look to such third party privacy policies for more information.
g. Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions
. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “
Promotion
”) through the Service that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.
h. EEOC / Affirmative Action Reporting
. In conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“
EEOC
”), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“
OFCCP
”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity). Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information, to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including, without limitation, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
i. Your California Privacy Rights
.
California Consumer Privacy Act
. For information on the “personal information” we collect and for what purposes, and how to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), visit our CCPA Privacy Notice
here
.
Shine the Light.
We provide California residents the ability to exercise choice over our sharing of personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 collected by us on the Service with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident, you may opt-out of our future sharing of such data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and/or request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us
here
or by sending a letter to Wondery LLC Attn: Wondery/LAX35 9300 Culver Blvd. Suite 201, Culver City, CA 90232 . Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. You can opt-out at any time and change your preference at any time, but we are only required to respond to one information request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address. California minors should see
Section 9
regarding removal of certain content they have posted.
4. WHAT ABOUT INFORMATION I DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS?
a. User-Generated Content and Public Information
. The Service may permit you to submit audio recordings, messages, text, illustrations, files, images, graphics, photos, comments, responses, sounds, music, videos, information, content, ratings, reviews, data, questions, suggestions, personally identifiable information, or other information or materials and the ideas contained therein (collectively, “
User-Generated Content
”), such as on blogs and message boards. We or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User-Generated Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to you. Others may have access to this User-Generated Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User-Generated Content. Please note that Wondery does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Service or what others do with information you share with them on the Service. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any User-Generated Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Service. California minors should see
Section 9
regarding removal of certain content they have posted on our Service. We are not responsible for User-Generated Content you submit to Third Party Services via our Service.
b. Name and Likeness
. We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information that is part of your User-Generated Content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.
c.
For full terms and conditions regarding User-Generated Content you submit to the Service, please review our
Terms of Service
.
d. Profiles
. We may offer registered users of the Service a profile page. A user’s profile page may be, by default, set up to display information such as the user’s display name, images, location (city/state/country), podcasts, company, and optional information added by the user including, for example, the user’s tagline, etc. We may make it possible for users to see a report on other users that visited a profile page and this gives users access to such visitor’s profile pages. Profile information is used by us primarily to be presented back to and edited by you when you access the Service and to be presented to others permitted to view that information on the Service. In some cases (e.g., posting to your page), other users of the Service may be able to supplement your profile. We may offer users the ability to manage their public profile and use profile preference settings as explained at
Section 7
, the functionality and features of which are subject to change from time-to-time so visit it frequently to confirm the settings reflect your then current preferences and we recommend that you do not post information or content as part of your profile that you are not prepared to make public. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules. Users should carefully consider the use of such settings to improve information display options and to ensure the settings are properly set and functioning in the manner desired. Notwithstanding the availability of profile preference settings, you should be aware that these settings are for convenience only, do not employ complex data security protection and may not be error free. Further, other users that have access may repost or otherwise make public your information or content. Accordingly, discretion and good judgment should be exercised when posting information or content as part of your profile.
The Service may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, questions, comments, suggestions or other content (collectively, “
User-Generated Content
”). We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any User-Generated Content or Personal Information that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Service. We are not responsible for any User-Generated Content or Personal Information you submit to third party services via our Service. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including Personal Information, in connection with your User-Generated Content.
5. DO THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, AND/OR THIRD-PARTY APPS APPEAR ON THE SERVICE?
The Service may contain content that is supplied by a Third Party Operator, and those third parties may collect Usage Data and your UID when such content is served to you. Third Party Services may also be available via the Service. We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by such third parties or their services and they may be collecting data about you and may be sharing it with us and/or others. These third parties and their services may also associate their Tracking Technologies with you, track you across sites and time, serve you their own ads (including Interest-based Ads (defined below)) and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.
In addition, when you are on the Service you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. For example, if you “click” on a link, the “click” may take you off the Service onto a different site. We encourage you to note when you leave our Service and to review the third-party privacy policies of all third-party locations and exercise caution in connection with them.
Be sure to review any available privacy policies and notices before submitting any Personal Information to a third party or its services, or otherwise interacting with Third Party Services or other locations you link to from our Service, and exercise caution in connection with them. We are not responsible for the availability, completeness or accuracy of such third parties’ policies or notices.
6. ARE ADS SERVED ON THE SERVICE OR RETARGETED TO ME LATER?
Wondery may engage and work with third parties to serve advertisements on Wondery’s behalf on the Service, and/or on Third Party Services, and to provide analytics about the use of the Service and the performance of Wondery’s ads and content on the Service and on Third Party Services. In addition, Wondery may participate in online advertising networks and exchanges that display relevant advertisements to the Wondery visitors, on the Service and on Third Party Services, based on user interests as reflected in their browsing of the Service and certain Third Party Services. These entities may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to automatically collect information about you and your activities, such as registering a unique identifier for your device and tying that to your online activities on and off of the Service. Wondery may use this information to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Service and Third Party Services and better understand your online activity.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third Party Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by Wondery and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant and retargeted ads (“
Interest-based Ads
”) and/or other content to you on the Service and certain Third Party Services. You may have certain choices regarding these activities as explained in the next section.
Wondery is not responsible for third parties or Third Party Services associated with advertising and analytics services, and related tracking activities. Consult their privacy policies and notices for information on their practices and see
Section 7
regarding certain choices some of them may offer you. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, Wondery currently does not alter Wondery’s practices when Wondery receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. For more information on tracking and “do not track,” see
Section 1(b)
.
In addition, we may serve ads on third party services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our databases (“
Matched List Ads
”). This is done by matching common factors between our databases and the databases of Third Party Operators. For instance, we may use such ad services offered by Facebook or Twitter. If we use Facebook to serve Matched List Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a Facebook ad and find out how to opt-out with us from such list. If you opt-out from our Facebook Matched List Ads, we will remove the matching Personal Information from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one. If we use Twitter Matched Use Ads, you should be able to opt-out through your account settings on Twitter. If you opt-out from our Twitter Matched Use Ads, you will be removed from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one. We are not responsible for such third party services’ failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions or to provide us notice of your opt-out elections, and they may change their options without notice to us or you.
7. HOW DO I EXERCISE CHOICE AND CHANGE PREFERENCES?
a. Accessing And Changing Information.
The Service may provide web pages or other mechanisms allowing you to delete, correct or update some of the Personal Information you have provided Wondery. Wondery will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in Wondery’s then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or public postings from Wondery’s databases (California minors see
Section 9
) and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter. Further, we reserve the right to retain data (i) as required by applicable law; and (ii) for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained as permitted by applicable law (e.g., business records).
b. Tracking Technologies Generally.
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately. Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies or other Tracking Technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to Adobe’s website
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html
. Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies some parts of the Service may not work and that when you revisit the Service your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
App-related Tracking Technologies in connection with non-browser usage (e.g., most functionality of a mobile app) can be disabled by uninstalling the App. To uninstall an App, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer. In addition, you may have certain choices regarding in-app Interest-based Advertising as described in the next section.
Some third parties may also offer you choices regarding their Tracking Technologies. One way to potentially identify cookies on our Site is to add the free Ghostery plug-in to your browser (
www.ghostery.com
), which according to Ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies. Wondery is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool or third party choice notices or mechanisms. For specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics and advertising providers, see the next section.
c. Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising.
Wondery may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other Service Providers for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help Wondery analyze how users use the Service. Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and other Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and other Internet usage. Wondery only retains aggregated data from Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
under the section labeled “Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you.”
Certain companies may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“
DAA
”) AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting. You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program at
http://www.youradchoices.com/
and its opt-out program for mobile apps at
http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (“
NAI
”). NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain Interest-based Ads delivered by NAI members’ ad networks. To learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the NAI tool, see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Ads, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads. Further, opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer under the DAA / NAI rules deliver certain targeted ads to you. This will affect this and other services, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different Device or web browser(s), or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. Mobile device opt-outs will not affect browser-based Interest-based Ads even on the same device, and you must opt-out separately for each device. Wondery is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. However, Wondery supports the ad industry’s
2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising
(
http://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf
) and expect that ad networks Wondery directly engages to serve you Interest-based Ads will do so as well, though Wondery cannot guaranty their compliance.
d. Mobile Apps
.
With respect to Wondery’s Apps, you can stop all collection of information by uninstalling the App. Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain location-based services, by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. See also the prior section regarding in-App Interest-based Ads choices.
e. Communications and Marketing
.
You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (emails or text messaging) from Wondery at any time by (i) for promotional e-mails, by following the instructions as provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or if available by changing your communication preferences by logging onto your account; and (ii) for text messages, by following the instructions as provided in text messages from Wondery to text the word, “STOP”. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address or phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscriptions may continue. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, Wondery may, subject to applicable law, continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or Wondery’s ongoing business relations. California residents have certain rights regarding our sharing of certain of their personal information with third parties for third party direct marketing purposes, as explained in
Section 3(i)
.
8. WHAT ABOUT TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES?
Our Service is operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including Personal Information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Service or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
9. WHAT PARENTS SHOULD KNOW ABOUT CHILDREN?
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world. We are a general audience service and do not use the Service to knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental notice and consent under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”) without such parental consent. If you are a child under thirteen (13) years of age, you are not permitted to use the Service and should not send any information about yourself to us through the Service.
In the event that we become aware that we have collected personal information from any child, we will dispose of that information, or otherwise treat it, in accordance with COPPA and other applicable laws and regulations. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under the age of thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information without COPPA-required consent, please contact us
here
.
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Service, and who have posted content or information on the Service, can request that such information be removed from the Service by contacting us at the e-mail or address set forth in the “Contact us” section below making such a request, stating that they personally posted such content or information and detailing where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third-parties may have republished the post and archived copies of it may be stored by search engines and others that we do not control.
10. WHAT ABOUT SECURITY?
We endeavor to incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Service, and provide us with your information, at your own risk.
11. WHAT ABOUT CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY?
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use. However, we will not use your previously collected Personal Information, to the extent it is not collected under the new privacy policy, in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent. If you have a subscription to a Service, material changes to the Privacy Policy will only become effective with respect to the aspect of that subscription Service at the end of the then current term unless you otherwise consent. To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
12. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED KINGDOM, EUROPEAN UNION AND EEA COUNTRIES
Wondery LLC. (“
Wondery
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, “
our
”) is committed to maintaining proper processes for the collection, use and protection of your personal data. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to explain the collection, use, and other processing of personal data that is obtained when EU/UK data subjects visit and interact with our website, email newsletter, and other digital platforms (e.g., mobile apps) and services (collectively, the “
Service
”).  This Privacy Notice sets forth how we process EU/UK personal data in our role as a data controller (i.e., when we are responsible for determining the purpose and means of the processing).
Personal Data We Collect
We may collect and process the following information when you interact with the Service.
Contact data and account information.
You may provide us with your contact details, such as name, email address, or other similar information. This information is also used to create an account.
Authentication Data.
To verify the identity of registered users we may collect a user name, password, and other similar authentication information.
Device Information.
We may obtain information about devices that access our Service, including the type of device, its operating system, device settings, unique device identifiers (e.g., IP addresses), and crash data.
Location Information.
We may collect and use general location information (e.g., zip code, area code) or specific location information (e.g., real-time GPS coordinates) from devices used to access our Service.
Listening Activity.
When you use the Service, we keep track of listening activity, which may include the number and title of podcasts you have listened to, podcasts that you favorited, content you have searched for, and number of listening hours.
Job Application Information.
If you apply for a job through our Careers page, we or our vendor may collect your name, e-mail address, physical address, phone number, and CV.
Other Information You Provide.
This includes emails and other communications that you send us or otherwise contribute, such as customer support inquiries.
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
We may process personal data to:
Transact with you, respond to your comments, questions and requests, provide customer service, send you informational notices, and contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information;
Process job applications received through our Careers page
Create or arrange advertisements with our business partners;
Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve our customer and partner relationships;
Identify your preferences to better tailor our products and services to you;
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm;
Ensure the security and integrity of the personal data we process; and
Comply with applicable legal requirements.
Our processing of such personal data is carried out pursuant to the following legal bases:
You have
consented
to the use of your personal data. Once you consent, you can change your mind and can withdraw your consent at any time.
The processing is
necessary for us to provide you with the services and products you request
, or to respond to your inquiries.
We have a
legal obligation
to process your personal data, such as to comply with applicable tax and other government regulations or to comply with a court order or binding law enforcement request.
To
protect your vital interests, or those of others.
We have a
legitimate interest
in using your personal data. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in the following cases:
To analyze and improve the safety and security of our Service. This includes implementing and enhancing security measures and protections and protecting against fraud, spam, and abuse.
To maintain and improve the Service.
To operate the Service and provide you with certain tailored advertising and communications to develop and promote our business.
To anonymize personal data and subsequently use the anonymized information.
If we make a material change to how we process your personal data, we will modify this Privacy Notice.  We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Notice to be informed of any such modifications.
How We May Share Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data:
With our affiliates or business partners when it is reasonably necessary or desirable, such as to help provide services to you or analyze and improve the website.
To our agents, vendors, consultants, marketing service providers, and other service providers who perform functions on our behalf. For example, we may use third parties to help us provide customer support, manage our advertisements on other websites, and send marketing and other communications on our behalf.
To abide by applicable law or protect rights and interests. For example, we may disclose your personal data if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, protect our or others’ rights, property, or interests, or prevent fraud or abuse.
If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of some or all of our assets.
Please note that in certain situations Wondery may be obligated to disclose personal data in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How We Use Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We utilize online identification technologies such as cookies, web beacons, or pixels in accordance with applicable law and requirements. “Cookies” are small text files placed on your hard drive when you visit a website; they store information which is sent back to our servers or those of third parties. As described in more detail below, we use such technologies to:
Recognize new or past customers;
Store your password if you are registered on our website;
Improve our website and to better understand your visits;
Integrate with third party social media websites;
Serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising;
Observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms; and to
Better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors.
Some cookies are required for certain uses of the website (functional cookies). For example, if you choose to register an account through our website, we will use cookies to facilitate your registration and remember your preferences.
Different types of cookies may be used for specific purposes, for example:
Functional cookies and cookies from third parties may be used for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional cookies enable certain parts of the website to work properly, retain user preferences, and allow users to log in using social network user credentials.
Analysis cookies may collect information on how visitors use a website, the content and products that website users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of third-party advertising.
Advertising cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences. This may include, for example, placing ads at the top of search results.
Cookies are either “session” cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or “persistent,” which remain until you delete them or the party who served the cookie removes it. Further details concerning the cookies we use on our websites are available in the table included at the bottom of this section.
You can set your browser settings either to receive our cookies or use our website without cookie functionality. To control flash cookies please visit:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html
. Please note that if you restrict the use of cookies, some functions of the website may be unavailable, and we will not be able to present you with personally tailored content. We may link the information collected by cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Notice. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our website may link your name or email address to other information they collect.
Category
Description
Preferences
Cookies that allow our website to remember information that alters the way the website behaves or appears on your screen. For example, we may provide you with local ads based on your region. Loss of information stored in these cookies may make the website experience less functional but should not prevent the website from working.
Security
Cookies that authenticate you, prevent fraudulent logins and protect data from unauthorized individuals. For example, we may use cookies that digitally sign and encrypt records of your user account while navigating our website. These cookies allow you to navigate different pages on the website securely without the need to sign back in.
Processes
Cookies that are fundamental to functional operation of the website that deliver services that our visitors expect, such as navigating web pages or accessing secure areas on our website. The website will not function without these cookies.
Advertising
Cookies used to make advertising more relevant for visitors. Our partners may also use a cookie to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed or provide us with information about how you interact with ads.
Session State
Cookies that collect information about how visitors interact with the website. This may include the pages users visit most often and whether users get error messages from certain pages. We use these cookies to help us improve our Services. Blocking or deleting these cookies will not render the website unusable.
Analytics
Cookies that help us assess how well our website performs and how items such as plugins perform in different areas on the website. These cookies are also used to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational safeguards designed to help protect personal data from unauthorized disclosure or access and accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, or alteration. Although we use reasonable efforts to safeguard personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your information obtained through the Service.
How Long We Retain Your Personal Data
We will store your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the performance of our obligations or to achieve the purposes for which the information was collected, or as may be permitted under applicable law. To determine the appropriate retention period, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the data; the purposes for which we process the data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and the applicable legal requirements. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, at the end of the retention period we will remove personal data from our systems and records or take appropriate steps to properly anonymize it.
Personal Data Transfers
We operate our Service worldwide.  Additionally, certain of our partners with whom we share your data may be located outside of the EEA and the UK. Please be aware that any information you provide to us maybe transferred to and/or accessed outside of your country of residence. We will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.
The GDPR provides EU/UK data subjects with certain rights regarding their personal data. Subject to certain conditions, you may ask Wondery to take the following actions in relation to your personal data that we hold:
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal data and give you access to your personal data.
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal data.
Delete your personal data.
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal data to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict the processing of your personal data.
Object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
Object to reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis for processing of your personal data.
You can submit these requests by email to
privacy@help.wondery.com
or our postal address provided below. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity prior to processing your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data or our response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact us at
privacy@help.wondery.com
.  In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection regulator (you can find information about your data protection regulator
here
)
. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
How to Contact Us
Wondery can be contacted via e-mail sent to
privacy@help.wondery.com
or at the following address:
Wondery LLC.
Attn: Wondery/LAX35
9300 Culver Blvd.
Suite 201
Los Angeles, CA 90232
United States of America
Return to Privacy Policy summary and navigation
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html:
Adobe Privacy Choices
Last updated: 18 June, 2024
To provide you with more relevant experiences and marketing messages based on your likely interests, we collect information about you and how you engage with us and our business customers. Here is how you can control your information:
For Adobe End Users
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
For Adobe End Users
Your data. Your choices.
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
|
Your use of Adobe Apps
|
Machine learning analysis on your content
|
Adobe websites
|
Interest-based ads
Direct Marketing Communications from Adobe
Tell us your Adobe marketing preferences by updating your Adobe ID
profile
. You can also tell us to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Adobe's marketing emails.
Tell us your Behance marketing preferences by updating your account settings (under the “Notifications” tab) at
Behance.net
. You can also tell Behance to stop sending you marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Behance's marketing emails.
Please note that even when you exercise these choices, you may still receive communications from Adobe in the form of “transactional” emails relating to normal business operations. For example, we may email you to inform you that your subscription is expiring or that someone has sent you a document using an Adobe app.
Your use of Adobe applications and services
We may collect information about how you use Adobe desktop products, mobile apps and services.
Desktop Applications
Usage information associated with your Adobe account
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Usage information associated with your device
Some of our desktop apps collect usage information that is associated with your device to improve our products and services.
Learn more and change collection settings
Services
Adobe web-based services
Some Adobe web-based services use cookies and similar technologies to collect usage information to provide you with a more personalized experience, improve our products and services, and in some cases, to tailor ads to your likely interests. To change your collection settings, click on the Cookies link at the bottom of the service’s website. Please note that you may have to repeat this process for each Adobe web-based service that collects usage data.
Experience Cloud service usage data
You have the option to share information with Adobe about how you use our Experience Cloud services. You can change your preference at any time
here
.
Mobile Applications
Data Collection
Some of our mobile apps collect usage information that is associated with your Adobe account or device to provide you with a more personalized experience and improve our products and services. To change your collection settings, go to the app’s settings panel that refers to mobile app usage data collection. Please note that you will have to repeat this process for each Adobe mobile app that collects usage data.
Learn more
style
two-up, no spacing, grid width 10
Machine learning analysis on your content
When you use Creative Cloud and Document Cloud apps, Adobe may analyze your content processed or stored on our servers using techniques such as machine learning to improve our products and services. You can opt out of content analysis at any time. If you choose to participate in programs where you submit content to improve our products and services, turning off content analysis does not affect our ability to analyze your content for product improvement.
Learn more
.
Adobe does not analyze your content to train generative AI models, unless you choose to submit content to the Adobe Stock marketplace.
Adobe website preferences
Adobe
uses cookies
and similar technologies to analyze your use of Adobe websites so that we can improve them and tailor websites, communications, and ads to your likely interests.
#f5f5f5
Choose your preferences for cookies and similar technologies:
Cookie settings
style
no spacing, grid width 12
If you opt out of advertising cookies, you may still see Adobe ads on other companies' websites, but they will not be based on your use of Adobe’s apps and websites.
Note about cookie-based preferences:
Many of the privacy preferences described on this page work by placing a
cookie
on your browser. Therefore, your browser must be configured to accept cookies for your preference to take effect. If you delete or clear your cookies, or if you change web browsers, you will need to set your preferences again.
Interest-based ads
Adobe complies with the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related DAA guidance. For more information about interest-based ads and to opt out for all companies who are members of those groups, please see:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
For End Users of business using Adobe Experience Cloud
Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
The Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services (Audience Manager and Ad Cloud) enable our business customers to personalize and improve the performance of their digital properties and marketing messages. These companies use Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services to collect and analyze information, such as clicks made by visitors on their websites. These services also allow these companies to provide you more relevant advertising within their websites, apps, emails, text messages, direct mail offers and push notifications.
Opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud Advertising Services
privacy-button-label
Opt-out
privacy-confirmation-message
Thank you, you've been successfully opted out
privacy-url
https://rtd-tm.everesttech.net/user/privacy?dnt=t,https://www.demdex.net/demoptout.jpg
style
grid width 12, privacybutton
Important note:
You will see a confirmation message that you have been opted out when clicking the button above. Future visits to this page will not display your opted out choice even if you have not cleared out your cookies, but you are still opted out.
Interest-based Advertising Settings
You can also visit the sites below to opt out of interest-based ads for all companies who are members of those groups:
Australian Digital Advertising Alliance
(ADAA)
Digital Advertising Alliance
(DAA)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance
(EDAA)
Network Advertising Initiative
(NAI)
To opt out of advertising solutions that tailor ads shown within mobile apps based on your likely interests, please either:
Set the preference on your mobile device to limit ad tracking, or
Download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s
AppChoices app
and configure it to opt out of Adobe Experience Cloud advertising solutions
Please also review the privacy policies on the websites and mobile apps that you use because they may offer additional privacy choices.
Sub-policy 1
https://wonderystaging.wpengine.com/privacy-policy/#top:
