Termos e condições
Confira os termos e condições legais da Nomad
Estamos em conformidade com leis nacionais e internacionais para oferecer a melhor solução para a sua vida financeira internacional
Geral
Termos de Uso
Política de Privacidade
Política de Segurança
Avisos Legais
Aviso Legal para Conteúdo de Mídias Sociais
Tarifas e Limites Nomad
Aviso de Privacidade
Banking
CFSB Deposit Account and Cardholder Agreements
CFSB Privacy Notice
Investimentos
FORM ADV part 3 CRS
FORM ADV part 2
Cartão de Crédito
Regulamento do programa de pontos
Contrato de cartão de crédito e outras avenças
Comece sua jornada internacional com a Nomad
Abra sua conta agora
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cfsb.com/privacy/:
Privacy
For information on how Community Federal Savings Bank collects, shares and protects the personal information of consumers who are customers of the Bank, please click
here
.
Community Federal Savings Bank
does not require you to provide any personal information to obtain access to our website (except for information obtained through “cookies” as described at right). Personal information from visitors to our website is often provided on a voluntary basis. For example, you may provide information to apply for a product or to use our Online Banking Service. We do not disclose any personal information about visitors to our website except in accordance with our general privacy policy that is provided to our customers, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Cookies
The Community Federal Savings Bank web server may use a “cookie” temporarily stored in the visitor’s computer memory (RAM) to allow the web server to log the pages viewed within the site and to know if the site has been visited before.
Safeguards
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that are designed to comply with federal standards to guard the nonpublic personal information of our customers. If you are a customer, and you decide to close your account(s) or become an inactive customer, we will continue to adhere to our general privacy policy, as described in the privacy notice we provide to our customers.
Children’s Online Privacy
The law requires parental consent to collect or use information from a child under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Please do not provide us with any personal information if you are under the age of 13.
Hyperlinks
The Community Federal Savings Bank website and our Online Banking System may, from time to time, contain links to other sites.  Community Federal Savings Bank is not responsible for the privacy or security practices employed by these third party sites and we recommend that you review their privacy and security practices before you provide any personal or confidential information.  Community Federal Savings Bank is not responsible for the content of third party sites hyperlinked from our web site or our Online Banking System, nor does it guarantee the products or services offered on third party sites.
Comments about this website should be directed to:
Community Federal Savings Bank
5 Penn Plaza, 14th Floor
New York, New York  10001
Phone: (212) 897-9650
You may also send electronic mail (“email”) to us at:
commfed@cfsb.com
Please be advised, however, that general e-mail may not be secure.  Please do not send confidential information (such as social security number or account numbers) through general e-mail.
This statement is merely a summary of select aspects of policies and procedures and does not constitute a contract. We reserve the right to revise these policies and procedures from time to time.
contact US
Get in touch
Submit
* Fields marked with asterisk are required
You're now leaving CFSB
CFSB’s website and/or mobile terms, privacy and security policies don’t apply to the site or app you’re about to visit. Please review its terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn’t responsible for (and doesn’t provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the CFSB name.
Online Banking Business login
Online Banking consumer login
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Ok