Home page
Privacy Notice
[Version as of Jan 30 2025]
The privacy and security of your personal data is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the personal data you provide to us in the Diamond Cash Slots App (the “App”) and helps you understand what personal data we request from you, why we request it, what we do with it, and for how long we retain it.
This Privacy Notice applies to all users of our services worldwide. It is formulated in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (“GDPR”) and the Austrian Data Protection Act (Datenschutzgesetz). As a company based in Austria, we comply with these regulations. In addition, we adhere to relevant data protection laws in other jurisdictions where our services are available, ensuring that we respect the privacy rights of all users globally. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy applies to you even if you don’t have an account on Diamond Cash Slots, but use the App as a guest or choose to get in contact with us through the App or any other means of contact.
What is data processing?
Our Privacy Policy is built around the fact that we process your personal data. What does this mean? It means we collect the personal data you provide to us, and perform various actions with respect to it, such as recording, organising, storing, adapting or altering, retrieving, consulting, using, transmitting, restricting, erasing or destructing it.
What personal data do we process?
To provide our services through the App, we must process your personal data. The types of personal data we collect depend on your activities and how you use our services, and are as follows:
Data you provide while creating an account or in connection with the account
, which includes, but is not limited to:
Name and surname;
E-mail address;
Home address;
Phone number;
Date of birth;
Gender.
App activity data
, which includes, but is not limited to:
Device information;
Source and destination data;
Username, player ID, account username and password, gaming transactions;
Online payments data;
Data disclosed to our Customer Service so we can provide and improve our support (including through e-mails and phone calls).
The above activity data corresponding to guest users is processed in anonymous mode.
Data provided by third parties
who receive your data when you visit or use their services, and they already have your permission to share your data with us because we demand our partners have lawful rights to collect, use and share your data before providing it to us. We include here, for example, social media and, where applicable, different mobile applications.
Please note that you are not legally required to make your personal data available to us. Nevertheless, in order to be able to register an account through our App, you have to provide all the information marked as mandatory. Without this information, we are not able to enter into a contractual relationship with you, which means you are not able to benefit from our services.
Why do we process your personal data?
Our main purpose for processing your personal data is to provide our services to you. More precisely, to fulfil this purpose, we have to process personal data in order to:
Make our App functional and useful to you, including for setting up and using your account.
Make sure your personal data is accurate, first for your own protection, but also for age verification, preventing fraud, cheating, reducing business risks and protecting the integrity of our games. For this, a certain degree of semi-automatic profiling might be used, based on your registration and gaming activity data.
Fulfil the App Terms and Conditions.
Fulfil the company’s legal obligations.
Process online payments with third-party payment providers and/or financial institutions.
Provide the best customer support to you.
Comply with all applicable laws and regulatory obligations, such as consumer protection and financial regulations.
Protect your safety and public safety, privacy and security, as well as, if necessary, protect, enforce, or defend our legal rights, privacy, safety or property, or for business risk management purposes.
Improve the security, services and features of our App. This might entail providing partially customised services, features and recommendations, conducting research and surveys, asking for your optional feedback, and providing internal trainings.
Conduct and complete any potential organisational business changes, such as mergers, transfers or sale of assets. In a case of selling all or part of the business or assets, or if we are involved in a merger or transfer, we might disclose and transfer your personal data to the other parties involved in the business transactions. Should such a case arise, you will be duly and timely informed.
Optionally, and only with your specific consent: to provide customised marketing communications fitting your interests and expectations, and/or direct marketing communications that have a generic nature or are partially based on your gaming journey, and/or can be customized, via: e-mails, push notifications, SMS (or any other kind of text messages).
We keep all data processing as simple and limited as possible, and undertake not to use your personal data for anything other than the purposes specified above. In case the data is processed for other purposes and/or by other parties, you will be informed.
On what legal grounds do we process your personal data?
Our legal basis for processing your personal data is highly dependent on the purpose of the processing activity, and may vary depending on the service you are using.
In general, we process your personal data on the following legal grounds:
Fulfilling our contractual obligations to you.
We process your personal data to fulfil our obligations described in our Terms and Conditions, as processing your data is necessary for the performance of our App. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to provide our services, and you wouldn’t be able to enjoy the entertainment experience in our App.
Observing our legal obligations.
We process your personal data as needed to comply with all applicable national and international laws and regulations, relating consumer protection, financial obligations and data protection, among others.
Our legitimate interests.
We process your personal data based on our legitimate interests, which include business risk management and the protection of the integrity of our products. In processing data based on legitimate interest, we commit to implementing all appropriate measures to protect your rights related to your personal data, and to ensuring the balance between our interest and your rights in such a way that your data is processed within the strictly necessary limits.You can object to this type of processing at any time, by the means described in the “What are your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us?” section of this Privacy Policy.
Your consent.
We process your personal data only if we have your consent for the specific processing activities where consent is needed. Without your consent, we will be stopped from further processing your personal data based on this particular legal ground, but this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before consent was withdrawn. Without your consent, we will not provide generic and/or customized marketing communications.
How do we process your personal data?
We process your personal data with partially or fully automated electronic means, and protect it with adequate security measures, established and maintained according to the highest international standards for data security. The activities that may cause significant legal effects, such as decisions based on profiling, always involve a human intervention and/or final decision.
Do we share your personal data?
We only share your personal data with third parties when this is required to perform the services we are obliged to provide you with, when you have given us your consent for the sharing of your personal data, or when we are obliged to for legal reasons, by court order, or at the request of another official authority.
In other words, the data can be shared in compliance with these limits:
With our employees who are responsible for the processing and safekeeping of the data, and whose employment relationship with us is bound by a confidentiality obligation.
With our parent company, our sister companies and other third-party providers, who help us provide our services according to our Terms and Conditions, such as, but not limited to, payment services providers, marketing services providers and legal services providers.
Third parties’ access to your personal data is limited to the information necessary to perform their function on our behalf or as required by law. The sharing of data is subject to confidentiality and sufficient safeguards regarding the lawful and secure processing of your personal data by our partners.
Is your personal data transferred abroad?
Data is transferred with no restrictions within the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). We shall not transfer your personal data to countries outside the EEA unless appropriate safeguards for the protection of your data are in place, following the high standards for data protection established by the GDPR.
Having in mind some of the highest standards for data protection worldwide, the European Union, through the European Commission, recognizes certain
non-EEA states
as providing an adequate level of data protection. We, too, deem these countries safe for data to be transferred to, in justified cases.
For transfers of data to countries whose safeguards for data protection are not considered adequate by the European Commission, we take it upon ourselves to put in place appropriate safeguards to protect the data in compliance with data protection regulations, by concluding our contractual relationships with our partners in such a way that they guarantee an acceptable level of protection for the data we transfer to them.
Under these conditions, the personal data you provide to us may be processed outside of the EEA to deliver some of the App services, as follows:
Some data may be processed in the USA, depending on the payment provider chosen by you, and the activities undertaken by the payment provider. More information on how payment providers process your personal data is available in their respective Privacy Policies.
Some data may be processed in the USA for marketing communication purposes. More information on how your personal data is processed in this case can be found
here
.
Some data may be processed in the USA, due to our use of Google Analytics. More information on how Google Analytics processes your personal data is available in their Privacy Policy.
How long do we keep your personal data?
We seek not to keep your personal data for longer than it is necessary for fulfilling our contractual obligations to you, or for legitimate organizational purposes. The period for which we keep and/or use your data depends on aspects like the nature of the data, the reasons why it is collected and processed, and relevant legal or operational retention needs.
The following periods and criteria will apply, unless a different period is required or permitted by law, or we have reasonable belief that a different period is necessary:
Data collected for purposes in relation to the provision of App services, and of the services are retained under the obligation to provide according to the Terms and Conditions (points 1 to 11 in the “Why do we process your personal data?” section of this Privacy Policy). You have the right to revoke your contract of account registration without providing any reason. Upon such revocation, we will process your personal data in accordance with the relevant data protection laws, ensuring that any data retained is only for the purpose of fulfilling legal obligations or resolving disputes.
Data collected for marketing purposes (point 9 in the “Why do we process your personal data?” section of this Privacy Policy) is retained during the provision of App services, and of the services we are under an obligation to provide according to the Terms and Conditions.
What are your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us?
You have legal rights available to you with regard to data access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and objection to processing, as well as the right to data portability, amongst others. In addition, you can withdraw any consent you may have given to data processing at any time, and have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us are detailed below, and can be exercised through our Customer Service, at
support@DiamondCashSlots.com
.
Right of Access
You can request to receive clear and transparent access to information regarding the way we process your personal data. Some of this information is already provided in your account.
Right to Rectification
We try to keep your personal data accurate and up to date. You have the right to demand that we correct any of your personal data that is incorrect, and/or complete any personal data that is incomplete.
Right to Erasure
We will, on your request, delete the personal data belonging to you, which we process. However, please keep in mind that this may result in the termination of the services we provide to you, meaning that it is possible that you will not able to enjoy the entertainment experience in our App anymore.
Right to Restriction of Processing
In certain cases and for grounded reasons, you can demand that restrictions be placed on the processing of your personal data, which would permanently or temporarily limit our possibility to use your personal data, without having to delete it. However, please keep in mind that in such cases, we might not be able to continue providing our services in their entirety.
Right to Data Portability
Upon your request, we will provide an electronic copy of the personal data you provided to us at registration. To the extent that is technically feasible, we may transfer this copy to a different service provider.
Right to Object
In certain circumstances, such as when we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time. In other words, when the processing of your personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw the consent you have given us at any time. This right can be exercised through specific means, such as opt-out mechanisms or un-subscriptions.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
You have the right to submit an official complaint to the supervisory authority dealing with data protection issues in your country, or to the Austrian Data Protection Authority (Datenschutzbehörde).
How can you exercise your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us?
All of your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us, with the exception of the right to lodge a complaint, can be exercised under normal circumstances free of charge, by sending a written request to our Customer Service at
support@DiamondCashSlots.com
.
We will do our best to respond to your requests as quickly as possible, but it may happen that other legal obligations or third-party rights and processes slow down the process. Depending on the nature of the request, you will receive an answer from us within a one-month term, which can be extended by two further months due to complexity or the number of requests we are dealing with at a certain time.
Please note that for justified reasons, we are entitled to deny your request, or to charge a reasonable fee if it is manifestly repetitive, unfounded or excessive.
Is your personal data secure with us?
We take security very seriously and are committed to observing the highest standards for the security of your personal data. We seek to implement and maintain our policies and processes in accordance with the most trusted international requirements for data security, and make sure that these are followed by all of our employees and collaborators, so as to prevent unauthorized or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. By doing this, we don’t eliminate all risks, but we do limit them significantly, decreasing the likelihood of data breaches. However, in the unlikely event of a data breach, not only do we seek to timely assess the incident and mitigate the impact, but also make sure to let you know if the data breach affects your personal data significantly.
Diamond Cash Slots may contain links to partner networks or third-party websites/apps. If you follow a link to any of these websites/apps, note that they process your personal data beyond our control, according to their own privacy policies and terms. We advise you to check such policies and terms before accepting and submitting any information to them.
We advise you to protect your own and others’ personal information by refraining from sharing private or sensitive data anywhere, such as on the app or any third-party platforms or applications. We disclaim any liability for the consequences resulting from such sharing of information, including but not limited to the leakage of personal data and any resultant harm or loss. You remain responsible for your actions and the content you share on the app or any third-party platforms or applications.
Additional Important Information
Diamond Cash Slots is intended for those aged 18 or older for entertainment purposes only. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children under the age of 18 should not use our App at any time. If we learn that a person under the age of 18 has provided personal information, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information as soon as possible.
Will we update our Privacy Policy?
The current version of our Privacy Policy is dated Jan 30 2025. We are continuously growing and improving our policies and processes in order to be able to guarantee the highest standards for the protection and security of your personal data. We are committed to keeping the way we evolve and improve in line with our values and principles, and we will let you know about any changes to our Privacy Policy that affect you directly.
Contact us:
We, Funstage GmbH, registered in Austria under number 258215d, assume the role of data controller responsible for the processing of your personal data through the Diamond Cash Slots App. In other words, we are the legal entity who determines why and how your personal data is processed in order for you be able to enjoy the full entertainment experience in our App.
You can contact us via email at
support@DiamondCashSlots.com
, or by mail at Funstage GmbH, Wiedner Hauptstraße 94, 1050 Vienna, Austria. If you want to get in direct contact with our Data Protection Officer, including for requests, questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please do so in writing at
dpo.uk@greentube.com
.