Work on the go with the
Smallpdf Mobile App
.
Get app
Tools
Compress
Compress PDF
Convert
PDF Converter
AI PDF
Chat with PDF
AI PDF Summarizer
Translate PDF
AI Question Generator
Organize
Merge PDF
Split PDF
Rotate PDF
Delete PDF Pages
Extract PDF Pages
View & Edit
Edit PDF
PDF Annotator
PDF Reader
Number Pages
Crop PDF
Redact PDF
Watermark PDF
Convert from PDF
PDF to Word
PDF to Excel
PDF to PPT
PDF to JPG
Convert to PDF
Word to PDF
Excel to PDF
PPT to PDF
JPG to PDF
PDF OCR
Sign
Sign PDF
Request Signatures (Sign.com)
More
Unlock PDF
Protect PDF
Flatten PDF
Scan
PDF Scanner
Compress
Convert
Merge
Edit
Sign
AI PDF
Pricing
Teams
Log In
Free Trial
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
Data Processing Agreement
AI Products Terms
Imprint
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
We are Smallpdf AG
, a company incorporated under the laws of Switzerland, with its registered offices at Steinstrasse 21, 8003 Zürich, Switzerland (‘Smallpdf’, ‘we’, ‘ours’, ‘us’), also reachable at
privacy@smallpdf.com
. Legal documents are not easy to read, so in summary,
this policy sets out how Smallpdf collects and uses information about you.
Smallpdf respects your right to privacy when you use our services, visit our website, download our desktop app or mobile apps, or communicate with us.
We take all necessary measures to ensure that any personal data you give us is treated in compliance with applicable data protection laws
and with this Privacy Notice.
‘Personal Data’
is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as your name or email address. In exchange for our services, when you visit our website or communicate with us, we may process Personal data related to you (‘Your Personal Data’). In these cases, Smallpdf is the controller of Your Personal Data.
When you upload or otherwise provide files and information, which may contain personal data related to you or others, and process such files and information using our services (‘User Files’), you remain fully responsible for such personal data contained in the User Files.
In the paragraphs below, we endeavor to provide you with information about our processing of Your Personal Data, your rights regarding Your Personal Data, and the measures we take to maintain the privacy and security of Your Personal Data.
If you provide us with the personal data of other people (such as family members or work colleagues) or provide us User Files which contain personal data related to other people, please make sure they are aware of this Privacy Notice and only provide us with their data if you are allowed to do so and such personal data is correct.
Our website, desktop app, mobile apps, and communications may contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of those websites, please note that the personal information you submit will be processed according to their own privacy notices, and that Smallpdf does not accept any responsibility or liability for those websites. Please make sure to check those privacy notices before you submit any personal information to those websites.
This Privacy Notice has been drafted to be in line with applicable privacy laws. Based on your location, this might, for example, be the revised Swiss Federal Data Protection Act (‘FADP’), the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the EU General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’).
Please note that the following information may be reviewed and amended occasionally. Therefore,
Smallpdf recommends regularly checking this privacy policy for any updates.
FAQs:
1. What personal data does Smallpdf collect through its website and for what purposes?
In brief:
If you use our services, regardless of whether you are a free or paying user, we will collect Your Personal Data as required to provide our services to you and/or help us improve our services for you.
1.1 Use of our website
If you visit any domain or subdomain of
smallpdf.com
and do not register for or log into your account, we collect and process Your Personal Data that is necessary to enable your informational use of these domains. We also use functional cookies and other technologies (see Section 8) to enable this functional use of our website and to maintain its stability and security. For these purposes, we process your IP address and other usage metrics along with the date and time of your access. We process Your Personal Data to provide our website to you (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and based on our legitimate interest in maintaining our website’s stability and security (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
1.2 Use of our mobile apps and desktop app
If you download our mobile apps or our desktop app and do not register for or log into your account, we process Your Personal Data to enable your informational use of the respective app and to ensure the stability and the security of the respective app. For our mobile apps, we process your device ID, information related to your device (e.g. the operating system), information about the app you use (app version and language), the amount of transferred data and applicable timestamps. For our desktop app, we process information related to your device, your IP address, and information on the browser you use for the download (browser type, version, and operating system). Please note that uninstalling our app does not mean that your data is deleted from Smallpdf. We process Your Personal Data in order to provide our mobile apps and/or desktop app to you (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and based on our legitimate interest to maintain our apps’ stability and security (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
1.3 Use of our services via third-party services
You may be able to access our services and upload User Files via third-party services, such as
Dropbox and Google Drive.
For this purpose, you do not have to create a User Account with us or provide your login credentials for the third-party service or application. Rather, we will let you access our services with an authorization token (aka “OAuth token”) from the third-party service provider confirming that you are a valid user of their service. We process this information to enable your use of our services (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR).
1.4 User Account
If you create a Smallpdf account (including for a free trial of our services) via our website, mobile apps, or desktop app, we process your email address and the password you choose at registration.
You can also create a user account for our services using your pre-existing Google, Apple, or Facebook accounts and use that third-party platform’s credentials to log in to your user account with us. If you choose this option, you allow us to request and use some of Your Personal Data from the third-party account.
For Google, this involves us processing your name, surname, email address, and public profile information (e.g. profile picture). For Facebook, we will process your email address and public profile information (username and profile picture). For Apple, this involves us processing your username and email address. The third-party platform may ask for your consent to share this data with us. As the personal data we may process under this option was originally collected by the third-party platform, the initial data processing and sharing of the data with us is governed by the privacy policy of such third-party platforms (thus, either Google, Apple, or Facebook). Please refer to the relevant third-party platform and/or its settings, if you want to deactivate the connection between the third-party platform and us.
We process Your Personal Data to set up your user account and, thus, form a contractual relationship (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR).
For security reasons, we also process the time, browser, IP address of your last login, and the time of your last password reset. We have a legitimate interest to process this information to filter out suspicious login requests and to detect and prevent abuse of your user credentials (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
1.5 Smallpdf Pro subscription
During registration of your user account or later on, you may provide Your Personal Data as part of your profile if you purchase any of our paid subscriptions (Smallpdf Pro). These types of personal data vary based on the type of account (single or team), the type of subscription, and the payment method you choose. These types of data may generally include your name, address, which subscription plan you are on, your payment method (e.g. Braintree or credit card, in the latter case including expiration date and certain digits of your credit card number), your VAT or other tax number, user settings, your company, role, and employee status.
We process Your Personal Data to suggest the right type of subscription for your needs to you and to complete your purchase. The data processing serves to conclude and fulfill the subscription contract between you and us (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR).
a) Payment
We use payment data and information on your subscription and payment history (subscription plan, billing period, etc.) to process the regular payments for your Smallpdf Pro subscription and, thus, fulfill our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR). We accomplish this through third-party payment processors, such as Paypal (in case you choose Braintree as a payment method), Braintree (in case you choose credit card as your payment method), Adyen (in case you choose credit card as your payment method), GoCardless (in case you choose direct debit payment as your payment method) as well as Google Pay, Apple Pay and Stripe. We also use Recurly as a subscription management provider. For further information on these providers, please visit section 4 below.
If you choose a credit card as your payment method, your full credit card number is always sent directly to the payment provider and never reaches our server. We only receive the first and last four digits of any credit card.
b) Invoices
We process your account, subscription, and payment information to fulfill our legal obligations (legal data storage obligations, e.g. under tax law) (Art. 6 (1) c GDPR) and provide you with invoices under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR). We also use Recurly as a subscription management provider to help us in providing the aforementioned services. For further information on this provider, please visit section 4 below.
1.6 Email communication, including customer support, newsletters, and other marketing emails
When you communicate with us via email, including for customer support, you provide us with your email address and may provide us with your name, contact details, and other personal data, including the content of your email. We process this information to answer your request (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR).
We may send you our newsletter or other marketing emails, generally only with your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR). However, where you have already purchased products and/or services from us, we may inform you about our similar products or services via email where we have informed you of such a possibility in advance and allowed you to refuse it. We collect consent to do it as per Art. 6(1)a GDPR and occasionally as per Art. 6(1)b GDPR. Please note that you can opt out of such email communication by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the end of each marketing email.
For information about third-party providers that we may use for the aforementioned purposes, please visit Section 4 below.
1.7 Service improvement and error detection
a) Website and mobile apps
For our website and mobile apps, we may process information on your default system language, your device, your usage of our services, and information on the pages of our website that you have visited. For error detection, we aggregate this information by shortening your IP address, such that it is not directly attributable to specific users. We only use this information in this aggregated form. We generally use the same type of information, as well as file metadata, for analytical purposes to improve our services by identifying features our users like and how our services function with different devices. We have a legitimate interest to use this information for service improvement (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). For information on third-party providers that we use for these tasks, please visit Section 4 below.
b) Desktop app
For our desktop app, we may process information on your operating system, the number of CPU cores your computer uses, your computer memory, your default system language, your system architecture, and your default PDF app. We aggregate this information such that it is not directly attributable to specific users, then use it to improve your experience on our desktop app and develop our desktop app. We have a legitimate interest to provide our services to you in a seamless way based on aggregated technical information (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
1.8 Surveys & User Feedback
We occasionally conduct voluntary surveys through our website, desktop app, mobile apps, or other methods to collect user feedback. For some of these surveys, we may process Your Personal Data, such as your name, email, and IP address in addition to your feedback/answers. In other cases, we only collect aggregated information that is not directly attributed to specific users (e.g. yes or no answers through a survey field only). We process and store all of the aforementioned information to carry out the surveys (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and under our legitimate interest to collect user feedback (Art 6 (1) f GDPR). In some cases, we may also collect your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR). For more information on third-party providers we use for this purpose please visit Section 4 below.
1.9 Our services
a) PDF services
If you choose to use our PDF services and upload or otherwise provide User Files for this purpose, we process the User Files and metadata (such as file size, file name, and file type) and may store User Files as set out in Section 6 below. Such files and information may contain personal data related to you or others and you remain fully responsible for any personal data contained in the User Files. We process this information in order to provide you with our PDF services (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR).
By default, the documents you process using our services are accessible to anyone with a unique sharable URL. This can be disabled by the User - please let us know if you need assistance with this.
b) Signature/eSign
If you use our eSign tool, we process and store your signature(s) for future use at your convenience. If you are requesting a signature via our eSign tool from someone else, you remain fully responsible for the data processing regarding the other person. Your email address will be displayed and shared with the person receiving your signature request via
www.smallpdf.com
in an email notification they receive from
esign@smallpdf.com
. In order to verify the signing process, we also process other information on the involved persons/people, such as their email address, their IP address, the time of their signature, and the document status. This is necessary to provide the eSign tool (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and is based on our legitimate interest to provide you with an easy-to-use and smooth service as well as to prevent its abuse (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
c) AI Products
Smallpdf offers AI products, which means any feature(s) or functionality made available by Smallpdf and labelled as Chat with PDF, AI PDF Summarizer, or Translate PDF and other AI-powered products that might be released by Smallpdf in the future that utilize data models trained by machine learning "Smallpdf AI Products". If you are using Smallpdf AI Products, please visit our AI Products Supplementary Terms available at https://smallpdf.com/ai-products-supplementary-terms, as they include important privacy information.
2. How does Smallpdf protect Your Personal Data?
In brief:
Ensuring the safety and security of our service and Your Personal Data is a priority.
Smallpdf uses appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Your Personal Data. Only authorized Smallpdf staff or third-party company staff (i.e. service providers) have access to Your Personal Data. All such staff are required to adhere to our Privacy Notice. Additionally, all third-party employees who have access to Your Personal Data must sign non-disclosure agreements. In addition, Smallpdf has contracts in place with third-party companies that have access to Your Personal Data in order to protect it. To protect Your Personal Data, Smallpdf maintains a secure IT environment and has measures in place to prevent unauthorized access to it. All communication and file transfers to and from our server are encrypted with TLS. Passwords are only stored in encrypted (hashed) form, never in plain text.
3. How does Smallpdf use Your Personal Data?
In brief:
We use Your Personal Data to provide you with high-quality services. Your privacy is our priority. We would not use Your Personal Data for any unlawful purposes.
We process Your Personal Data for the purposes listed above.
In specific cases, Your Personal Data may also be processed for the following purposes:
● In case we partially or fully sell the company or buy another company in whole or in part. We have a legitimate interest in furthering the development of our company through mergers and acquisitions (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
● To comply with our legal obligations, including participation in investigations and proceedings conducted by the government or public authorities (Art. 6 (1) c GDPR).
● In case we have a legal obligation to this effect (Art. 6 (1) c GDPR), we may process Your Personal Data to protect our rights and safety, as well as those of our customers and third parties. Although we may not have a legal obligation to do so, we may still process data for this purpose based on our legitimate interest or those of other affected persons in order to assert legal claims (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
4. To whom does Smallpdf disclose Your Personal Data, and why?
In brief:
We share some of Your Personal Data with others in order to provide you with our services. Don’t worry, we do not sell Your Personal Data or give it to spammers.
Smallpdf may share Your Personal Data with the following categories of recipients as necessary:
● External services providers (e.g. hosting providers, software and software as a service provider, app development providers, email service, email verification and email analytics providers, providers for error logging and service development, customer support providers, survey and user feedback providers, payment providers, billing service providers, and marketing providers). We have a legitimate interest to use external providers to ensure that we can provide our services in a professional and user-friendly manner and with a high level of service quality (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). Data transfers to service providers are covered by data processing agreements between us and the respective provider (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art.9 of the FADP).
● In the event that we buy or sell our company in whole or in part, data may be transferred to our potential contractual partners. We have a legitimate interest to further the development of our company in this manner (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
● To law enforcement agencies, public authorities, and courts in order to comply with legal obligations to participate in investigations and proceedings conducted by governments or public authorities (Art. 6 (1) c GDPR).
● To other companies, individuals, or government agencies where it is required to disclose personal data by law (Art. 6 (1) c GDPR) or based on legitimate interests to protect our rights or safety as well as those of our customers and third parties (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
Some of the aforementioned providers may process Your Personal Data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures used to secure data transfers in countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
Among other things, Smallpdf may share Your Personal Data with the following third parties, but only in the circumstances set out below:
4.1 Essential providers
Please note that if you are choosing to pay for our services by an invoice that is generated directly by us via Stripe, sections 4.1.1 - 4.1.6 do not apply to you.
Essential providers - Payments
4.1.1 Adyen
To process credit card payments, we transfer Your Personal Data to Adyen (Adyen N.V., Simon Carmiggeltstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, Netherlands). We use an external provider for this payment method to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). This transfer is based on our data processing agreement with Adyen (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Per this agreement, Adyen must process Your Personal Data only in accordance with our instructions and to the extent permitted by data protection law. Adyen may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
4.1.2 GoCardless
To process direct debit payments, we transfer Your Personal Data to GoCardless (GoCardless Ltd, Sutton Yard, 65 Goswell Road, London, EC1V7EN, United Kingdom). We use an external provider for this payment method to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
GoCardless acts as a data controller in providing its services. Therefore, the data processing is governed by GoCardless’ privacy policy, not ours. We have no control over the data that GoCardless collects or the extent of data use by GoCardless. For details about GoCardless’ data processing, please refer to
https://gocardless.com/privacy/
.
GoCardless may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
4.1.3 Recurly
To provide you with invoices and to route your payments to the payment service provider(s) mentioned in this privacy notice, we transfer Your Personal Data to our subscription management provider Recurly (Recurly Inc., 400 Alabama St., Suite 202, San Francisco, CA 94110, the United States of America). Recurly is a billing platform that allows us to manage your and other customers’ subscriptions to our services in a centralized manner by routing you to the right payment providers and by initiating the appropriate billing. We use this provider to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR), to provide you with invoices under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR), and according to our legitimate interest to outsource payments and billing processes (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). This transfer is based on our data processing agreement with Recurly (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Per this agreement, Recurly must process Your Personal Data only in accordance with our instructions and to the extent permitted by data protection law. Recurly may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
4.1.4 Paypal/Braintree
We offer payment via Paypal/Braintree, which is a service offered by PayPal Pte. Ltd., PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A. with its registered office at 22-24 Boulevard Royal, 2449 Luxembourg (“Braintree”). If you select Braintree as your payment method, you will be redirected to the Braintree website and the personal data you enter will be transmitted to Braintree in encrypted form. Braintree enables you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and, according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
Braintree acts as a data controller in providing its services. Therefore, the data processing is governed by Braintree’s privacy policy, not ours. We have no control over the data that Braintree collects or the extent of data use by Braintree. For details about Braintree’s data processing, please refer to
https://www.braintreepayments.com/ch/legal/data-protection-addendum
Braintree may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.1.5 Google Pay
To process direct debit payments, we transfer Your Personal Data to Google Pay (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.) We use an external provider for this payment method to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
Google Pay acts as a data controller in providing its services. Therefore, the data processing is governed by Google Pay privacy policy, not ours. We have no control over the data that Google Pay collects or the extent of data use by Google Pay. For details about Google Pay data processing, please refer to
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en
Google Pay may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
4.1.6 Apple Pay
To process direct debit payments, we transfer Your Personal Data to Apple Pay (Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland,  Hollyhill Ln, Hollyhill Industrial Estate, Cork, T23 YK84, Ireland). We use an external provider for this payment method to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
Apple Pay acts as a data controller in providing its services. Therefore, the data processing is governed by Apple Pay privacy policy, not ours. We have no control over the data that Apple Pay collects or the extent of data use by Apple Pay. For details about Apple Pay data processing, please refer to
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-pay/
Apple Pay may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
4.1.7 Stripe (applicable to B2B customers only)
To process direct debit payments, we transfer Your Personal Data to Stripe (Stripe Payments Europe Limited (SPEL), 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, D02 H210, Ireland). We use an external provider for this payment method to enable you to make payments under our contract (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and according to our legitimate interest to offer you extended payment options and to outsource payments (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
Stripe acts as a data controller in providing its services. Therefore, the data processing is governed by Stripe’s privacy policy, not ours. We have no control over the data that Stripe collects or the extent of data use by Stripe. For details about Stripe data processing, please refer to
https://stripe.com/en-ch/privacy
Stripe may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see section 7 below.
Essential providers - others
4.1.8 Hotjar
We use Hotjar (Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta) to collect user feedback through survey widgets and polls on our website or external survey links. If you complete an external survey, or complete or minimize survey or poll widgets on our website provided by Hotjar, Hotjar will place cookies on your device to ensure that the poll or survey will not be shown to you again (see Section 8 below for further information). We use this feature to ensure that surveys and widgets are displayed to you correctly (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and have a legitimate interest in displaying them to you in line with your prior participation (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). These cookies expire after 365 days.
The transfer of Your Personal Data to Hotjar is based on our data processing agreement with this provider (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Hotjar may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.1.9 Typeform
We use Typeform (TYPEFORM SL, Carrer Bac de Roda, 163, local, 08018 Barcelona, Spain) to collect and analyze user feedback through surveys and polls on our website, via email, or in our mobile apps. You may be redirected to Typeform’s website to complete such surveys. We have a legitimate interest to use a third-party provider for this purpose in order to carry out surveys and polls in an efficient, user-friendly, and professional manner (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR). The transfer of Your Personal Data to Typeform is based on our data processing agreement with this provider (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Typeform may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
Please note that we have no control over the data that Typeform collects or the extent of data use by Typeform on its website other than through surveys conducted on our behalf. For details about Typeform’s data processing as a data controller, please refer to
https://admin.typeform.com/to/dwk6gt
.
4.1.10 HubSpot
Some of the contact forms on our website are provided by HubSpot (HubSpot, Inc., Dublin (European HQ), Ground Floor, Two Dockland Central Guild Street, Dublin 1). If a user fills out such a contact form, HubSpot will create a contact record. We use this service for efficient contact management based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
The transfer of Your Personal Data to HubSpot is based on our data processing agreement (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art 9 of the FADP). HubSpot may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.1.11 Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, the United States of America on our website. This is a security service that helps us distinguish whether data inputs on our website (e.g. into contact forms or when opening a URL) are made by an individual or by automated means. The purpose of reCAPTCHA is to block automated requests, spam, or other malicious traffic to our website. Google will process Your Personal Data (e.g. IP address, input rates, time spent on a specific site, and movements on the site) to evaluate the website traffic as part of this product. Our use of Google reCAPTCHA is based on our legitimate interest to protect our website against spam and malicious traffic in order to ensure its security (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
In providing Google reCAPTCHA, Google acts as a data controller for Google Ads and may process Your Personal Data for other purposes. We have no control over the data that Google collects or the extent of the data collected by Google. We also have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Google. For details about Google’s data processing, please refer to
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. Google may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.2 Analytics providers
4.2.1 Kustomer
We use feedback forms to gather user feedback on our desktop app. With your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR), we may share the feedback you provide through these forms with Kustomer LLC (1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025), including the results of some of the user feedback forms you fill out. We use this service to gather and analyze user feedback in an efficient manner in order to improve our services.
The transfer of Your Personal Data to Kustomer is based on our data processing agreement with this provider (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Kustomermay process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.2.2 Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics on our website, provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, the United States of America. Its purpose is to analyze user behavior and, based on the results, help us make decisions relating to product and marketing optimization. Google will process Your Personal Data (IP address, online identifiers, device identifiers, and device information, e.g. browser type, version, device type, user behavior, e.g. pages visited, session duration, use of specific website functions, e-commerce activity) to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and provide us with other services related to website activity and internet usage. Please note that we will collect events into our standard event ingestion flow from our Google app before you are redirected to our website.
Google Analytics uses cookies for data processing (see Section 8 below for further information). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Google Analytics (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website. Google will anonymize Your Personal Data 14 months after your last activity, provided there is no legal obligation to store it for a longer period.
The transfer of Your Personal Data to Google is based on our data processing agreement (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Google may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.2.3 Hotjar
We use Hotjar (Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta) on our website. Hotjar processes a unique user identifier number, user country, device-related information (such as browser type, operating system, and session time), information on the visited pages, and interactions with the website, including time and date, and purchased services or products. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in pseudonymized user profiles. We use the information and profiles to analyze user behavior on our website in order to improve its navigation and marketing.
Hotjar uses cookies for data processing (see Section 8 below for further information). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Hotjar (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website. In case you consent, Hotjar will place a cookie which assigns you a unique user ID in order to recognize you when you revisit our website. It expires after 365 days. Hotjar will also place session cookies (which expire when you close your browser session after visiting our website) to track you across the pages of our website, to identify new users and/or changes in user attributes and to capture information about your viewport (size and dimension). Furthermore, Hotjar will place cookies that expire after 30 minutes to detect when you first visit a page of our website and to detect whether you are included in data sampling based on our website’s pageview limit.
The transfer of Your Personal Data to Hotjar is based on our data processing agreement (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). Hotjar may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.2.4 HubSpot Analytics
We use HubSpot Analytics, a service provided by HubSpot (HubSpot, Inc., Dublin (European HQ), Ground Floor, Two Dockland Central Guild Street, Dublin 1) to analyze how visitors use our website. Hubspot processes Your Personal Data, such as your IP address, your location, information on your device and browser, and information on the pages you visited including date and time of each visit. We use this information to improve our services, our website and its functionalities, and for targeted marketing.
For data collection, Hubspot places a cookie on your device (see Section 8 below for further information). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Hubspot (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website. Hubspot uses this data to provide us aggregated reports on the use of the pages of our website. Most of the cookies used for this purpose expire when a session is closed; however, one of them remains and expires within two years.
Please note that if you consent to data processing for HubSpot Analytics, HubSpot may associate information from your previous page visits with your contact record that has been created based on contact forms provided by HubSpot on our website (see Section 4.5 above) with the help of the cookies that have been placed on your device. This will enable us to see information on past visits to our site within your contact record. Your consent is the legal basis for our use of HubSpot Analytics (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR).
The transfer of Your Personal Data to HubSpot is governed by our data processing agreement (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR). Hubspot may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.2.5 Dealfront
We use Dealfront, a marketing service provided by Dealfront Group GmbH (Durlacher Allee 73, 76131 Karlsruhe, Germany) ("Dealfront") on our website. We use this service to improve our sales and marketing. Its purpose is to analyze user behavior and, based on the results, help us make decisions relating to product and marketing optimization.
To enable this service, Dealfront places a tracking cookie on your computer (for further information on cookies see Section 8 below). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Dealfront (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website. Dealfront will process Your Personal Data (which can include your IP address, online identifiers, device identifiers, and device information, e.g. browser type, version, device type, user behavior, e.g. pages visited, session duration, use of specific website functions, e-commerce activity) to evaluate your use of the website.
Dealfront will process personal data within the EU/EEA and in line with their privacy notice available at
https://www.dealfront.com/privacy-notice/
.
4.3 Personalization and advertising-related providers
4.3.1 Google Ads
a) Conversion Tracking
We use Google Ads Conversion Tracking (offered by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, the United States of America) on our website. We use this service to determine how successful our advertisements through the Google marketing network are (so-called Google Ads) based on the display of the advertisements and clicks by users. This service makes our advertisements more interesting for you and improves our marketing campaigns.
To enable this service, Google places a conversion tracking cookie on your computer (for further information on cookies see Section 8 below). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Google (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website.
The cookie expires within 30 days after visiting our website. It enables Google to recognize your internet browser and captures the unique cookie ID, the number of ad impressions per placement (frequency), last impression (relevant for post-view conversions), and opt-out information (ads that the user no longer wishes to be addressed with). If you visit our website before the cookie expires, we and Google can recognize you, for example, if you click on an ad for our services and are redirected to our website. We only receive statistical evaluations from Google. Based on these evaluations, we can see which of the advertising measures are particularly effective. We do not receive any further data from the use of the advertising tools; in particular, we cannot identify users on the basis of this information.
b) Google Ads Remarketing
We also use the online marketing service Google Ads Remarketing offered by Google (see 4.5 for company details) on our website. We use this function to present you with advertisements on our website based on your interests in Google Ads on other websites within the Google marketing network. For this purpose, Google analyzes your interaction with our website, e.g. which offers you were interested in, in order to be able to display relevant advertisements on other sites even after you have finished visiting our website.
To enable this service, Google places a cookie on your computer (for further information on cookies see section 8 below). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Google (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and/or prevent it/withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website.
This cookie expires 180 days after visiting our website. Google uses this cookie to analyze how you interact with Google Ads on our website and on other websites to present you relevant advertisements.
c) General information on Google Ads
Google acts as a data controller for Google Ads and may process Your Personal Data for other purposes. We have no control over the data that Google collects or the extent of the data collected by Google. We also have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to Google. For details about Google’s data processing, please refer to:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. Google may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.3.2 LinkedIn (LinkedIn Insight Tag)
We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag (provided by LinkedIn, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland) on our website. We use this function to capture visits of LinkedIn users to our website in order to track conversions from LinkedIn (i.e. if users came to our website based on our LinkedIn advertisements or articles) to track retargeting of our website visitors to LinkedIn. For this purpose, LinkedIn collects Your Personal Data (IP address, URL referrer, device and browser characteristics, timestamp, and events, such as page views).
LinkedIn places a cookie to capture Your Personal Data (see Section 8 below for further information). You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by LinkedIn (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) or prevent it or withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website.
The cookie expires within 6 months from the last visit to our website. We will receive aggregated reports about our audience and LinkedIn advertisement performance from LinkedIn. We use this information to evaluate the quality of interaction of our audience on LinkedIn with our website and services.
The transfer of Your Personal Data to LinkedIn for the aforementioned purposes is based on our data processing agreement (in connection with Art. 28 GDPR as well as Art. 9 of the FADP). LinkedIn may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.3.3 Facebook/Meta
Our website utilizes Facebook Pixel (provided by Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, Merrion Road, Dublin 4, D04 X2K5, Ireland (‘Meta’)) for the following purposes:
a) Facebook Conversion Tracking
We use the Facebook Pixel as an analytics tool to measure the effectiveness of our advertisements on Facebook by understanding the actions that Facebook users make on our website. The tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to our website via an advertisement on Facebook (so-called “conversion”). This allows us to evaluate the efficacy of our Facebook advertisements for statistical and marketing research purposes.
b) Facebook Custom Audiences
We also use the Facebook Pixel for remarketing purposes in order to be able to show you advertisements on Facebook likely to correspond to your interests. This tool allows us to match visitors of our website to Facebook users and enables us to create Facebook advertisements for different target groups based on how they interacted with our website.
c) General information on Facebook
The Facebook Pixel captures information about your browser session when visiting our website and shares this information with Facebook, along with a hashed version of your Facebook ID and the viewed URL. We will only place the Facebook Pixel (for information on cookies and similar technologies see Section 8 below) with your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR). Therefore, you can prevent the use of Facebook Pixel or withdraw your consent at any given time through our cookie banner. To withdraw your consent, go to the cookie settings at the bottom of our website.
The Facebook Pixel will be deleted after 180 days of your last interaction with our website. Facebook provides us with aggregated reports which enables us to improve the quality and relevance of our advertisements on Facebook and to present Facebook users with more relevant advertisements for marketing improvement.
We and Meta are joint controllers for data processing through the Facebook Pixel under Art. 26 GDPR and have entered into a joint control agreement. You may access this agreement here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum
. You may exercise your data protection rights directly with Meta.
Metamay process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.3.4 Appsflyer
We use Appsflyer, a marketing service provided by AppsFlyer UK LTD (AppsFlyer UK LTD., 87-91 Newman Street, London, W1T 3EY) on our website and apps. We use this service to improve our sales and marketing. You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by Appsflyer (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) or prevent it or withdraw your consent at any given time by letting us know (see “Contact Us” section).
Appsflyer may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
4.3.5 AppFollow
We use AppFollow, a marketing service provided by
AppFollow.fi Oy
, Bulevardi 21, 00180 Helsinki, Finland on our app. We use this service to assess our app’s reputation.
You can consent to the processing of Your Personal Data by AppFollow (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) or prevent it or withdraw your consent at any given time by letting us know (see “Contact Us” section.
AppFollow may process personal data outside the EU/EEA. For more information on protective measures for securing data transfers to countries outside the EU/EEA, please see Section 7 below.
5. What are my data protection rights and how can I exercise them?
In brief:
You have certain rights over Your Personal Data under data protection laws, including, for example, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act, or the EU GDPR.
Depending on the specific circumstances of the case and your place of residence, you may have some or all of the following rights:
● to withdraw your consent to the processing of Your Personal Data at any time. As a result, we may no longer process Your Personal Data based on the consent. But the withdrawal of your consent has no effect on the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal;
● to access the personal data processed by us and/or request copies of this data. In particular, you can obtain information about the purposes of processing, categories of personal data, categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, planned retention period, and origin of your data if it was not collected directly from you;
● to request the rectification/correction, erasure, or restriction of processing of Your Personal Data;
● to request Your Personal Data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit this data to another controller. You may also ask us to directly transmit this data to another controller, where technically feasible;
●
to object to the processing of Your Personal Data on grounds relating to your particular situation, if we process Your Personal Data based on our legitimate interests. You may also object to the processing of Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes at any time;
● to opt-out of the sale of Your Personal Data to third parties. We currently sell data to Google and Facebook via cookies. You may opt out of these cookies by following the instructions in 4.3.1(a) (for Google) and 4.3.3(c) (for Meta). You may also access it via the form below or via our “
Sale of Personal Information
” page.
Click here to access the form
● to obtain information of the possibility of denying consent to the data processing and the consequences of the denial;
● to oppose the processing grounded on a legal basis other than consent;
● to request review, by a natural person, of decisions taken solely on the basis of automated processing of personal data that affects their interests, including decisions intended to define their personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of their personality.
In general, exercising these rights requires you to be able to prove the account ownership. In order to assert these rights, please contact us at Smallpdf AG, Steinstrasse 21, 8003 Zürich, Switzerland or via email at
privacy@smallpdf.com
, or using this form. After you’ve contacted us, we may ask you for some information to prove your identity; what we ask for will depend upon whether or not you have an account with us. Once we have authenticated your identity, we will fulfill your request within one month unless we inform you otherwise. You may also contact our representatives in the EU and the UK as well as our Data Protection Officer as set out in section 10 below.
You can have an agent (your attorney or another person empowered to represent your interests) make one of these requests on your behalf. We will ask the agent to provide proof of your authorization and proof of both their and your identity.
In addition, every data subject has the right to enforce their rights in court or to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your data rights in any way; however, please be aware that the erasure of certain essential data may prevent us from continuing to provide you with the same services.
6. How and for how long do we store Your Personal Data?
In brief: We keep Your Personal Data and the User Files you upload only as long as they are needed for the provision of our services or as required by law.
We will only retain Your Personal Data and User Files you upload for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected or to comply with legal requirements. To help us, we apply criteria to determine the appropriate periods for retaining Your Personal Data depending on its purpose, such as account maintenance, facilitating client relationship management, and responding to legal claims or requests from authorities.
If you do not have a User Account (see Section 1.4 above) or are not logged in when using our services (e.g. when being asked for a signature via our eSign tool, see Section 1.9 above), we will generally aim to delete User Files within a reasonable period of time after the last time they were opened. Please note that this retention period is extended every time you reopen the respective User File. Please note that if you use third-party services to access our services, data retention of User Files by the respective provider may differ.
If you access our services via a User Account, we delete User Files within one hour unless you save them to your file storage. When you choose to delete saved User Files, we generally delete them within 14 days.
7. Which data transfers outside the EU/EEA take place?
In brief: In some cases, we may transfer Your Personal Data outside of Switzerland and will ensure that Your Personal Data is well protected irrespective of its location.
We are located in Switzerland, which has been recognized as a safe third country in an adequacy decision of the European Commission. When you use our services, Your Personal Data may be transferred to recipients located in other countries, including outside the EU/EEA such as Serbia or in case of some customer support cases - the Philippines.
Where such a recipient country does not provide for an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission, we will only transfer Your Personal Data to the recipient country on the basis of appropriate safeguards, such as binding corporate rules, revised standard contractual clauses (European Commission decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021), or when another exception under Art. 49 GDPR applies. Please contact us (see “Contact Us” section) to request information on the specific safeguards that are in use for the recipients of Your Personal Data.
When making such transfers, we will ensure compliance with the applicable legal requirements for disclosing personal data to third parties. The legal provisions governing the disclosure of personal data to third parties are duly observed. The countries to which data is transmitted include those that, according to the decision of the Federal Council and the European Commission, have an adequate level of data protection (such as the member states of the EEA or, from the EU's perspective, Switzerland), as well as those countries (such as the the United States of America) whose level of data protection is generally speaking not considered adequate (see Annex 1 of the Data Protection Ordinance (DPO) and
the website of the European Commission
).
If the country in question does not provide an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that your data is adequately protected by these companies by means of appropriate safeguards, unless an exception is specified on a case-by-case basis for the individual data processing (see Article 49 of the GDPR). Unless otherwise specified, these safeguards may be provided for by standard contractual clauses as referred to in Article 46(2)(c) of the GDPR, which can be found on the websites of
the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
and
the EU Commission
. If you have any questions regarding the implemented measures, please reach out to our data protection contact (see “Contact Us” section).
8. Cookies – how and why does Smallpdf use them?
In brief:
We may use cookies for functional purposes without your consent, or for analytical or advertising-related purposes, if you consent to this.
A cookie is a small piece of data placed on your computer’s hard drive that permits identifying a specific device or browser. We may place our own cookies (first-party cookies) or third-party services integrated on our website may place cookies on your device (third-party cookies). Cookies may typically process personal data, such as your IP address, device information, date and time of your visit to our website, information on your activities on our website, settings you make when visiting our website, and unique identification numbers. There are different types of cookies, such as session cookies (which expire at the end of your browsing session) or persistent cookies (which are stored on your device for a longer period of time and between sessions and can enable the entity that placed the cookie to recognize your device or browser between sessions).
We use cookies for different purposes:
8.1 Cookies for functional purposes
We use cookies or similar technologies that are technically necessary to operate our website or provide its basic functions, such as our payments or keeping you logged in (if you want that). These cookies allow us to operate our site, maintain its security, and provide its key functions. We process Your Personal Data to provide our website to you (Art. 6 (1) b GDPR) and based on our legitimate interest to ensure its security, a smooth user experience, and smooth access to these key functions (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
8.2 Cookies for analytical purposes
We use cookies or similar technologies to better understand your use of our website. For example, they help us track the number of visitors to our website and see how users move around our website. This helps us improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for. Some of these cookies may be placed by third-party providers (see Section 4 above for details). We only place these cookies with your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR).
8.3 Cookies for personalization and advertising-related purposes
We use cookies or similar technologies to capture your visit to our website, the pages you visit, and the links you follow. We may use this information based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR) and will process it to evaluate your preferences to make our website and the advertisements we display more relevant for you. We may also share this information with third parties (see Section 4 above for details). Some of these cookies may track your movements on other websites.
9. Does Smallpdf knowingly handle the data of minors?
Smallpdf does not knowingly collect or retain the data of minors under the age of sixteen, but we do not collect information about the age of our users. Minors under the age of 16 are
not
permitted to use this website except where enabled by a school that has contracted with us, in which case the school is the data controller and is responsible for the respective data processing affecting minors. If you discover that a minor has been using our website, please let us know (see “Contact Us” section) and we will delete their information.
10. Can Smallpdf change the terms of this Privacy Notice?
In brief:
Changes to this Privacy Notice may occur and will be made available to you online.
Smallpdf may occasionally make changes and corrections to this Privacy Notice. Please check this Privacy Notice regularly to see the changes and how they may affect you.
11. Contact us
In brief:
Let us know if you have any questions.
If you have any requests concerning our processing of Your Personal Data or any queries with regard to these practices, please contact Smallpdf at the contact data given above, including via email at
privacy@smallpdf.com
.
Individuals and data protection supervisory authorities in the EU and the UK may contact our data protection representatives according to Art. 27 GDPR.
For the EU
, please reach out to DP-Dock GmbH, Attn: Smallpdf, Ballindamm 39, 20095 Hamburg, Germany.
For the UK
, please reach out to DP Data Protection Services UK Ltd., Attn: Smallpdf, 16 Great Queen Street, Covent Garden, London, WC2B 5AH, United Kingdom. You may also contact any of these representatives at
smallpdf@gdpr-rep.com
.
You can also contact
our data protection officer at any time
at our postal address or the following email address:
dpo@smallpdf.com
.
Last updated: 27 June 2024
We use cookies
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (together “cookies”) that are essential for the operations of this website and its core functions. Other cookies will only be placed with your consent. For more details visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Accept All
Cookie settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://gocardless.com/privacy/:
Skip to content
Go to GoCardless Blog Homepage
Why GoCardless?
Product
Partners
Pricing
Learn
Login
Sign up
Close
menu
Open site navigation sidebar
Why GoCardless?
For use case
Subscription payments
Recurring payments built for subscriptions
Instalment payments
Split payments into smaller, more manageable amounts over time.
Invoice payments
Collect and reconcile invoice payments automatically
Charities
Optimise supporter conversion and collect donations
Lending
Make faster, lower-risk decisions on loans
Business Finance
Offer the best business finance product
Our customers
Customer stories
Hear from our customers
Customer success
Our customer first approach
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
For small business
Overview
Improve your cashflow
Keep track of payments
Reduce costs
Reduce failed payments
Increase conversions
For enterprise
Overview
Reduce churn
Reduce international barriers
Reduce operational costs
Reduce time to get paid
Reduce conversion risk
Product
Collect Payments
One-off, subscriptions, invoices and instalments
Powered by bank debit
Instant Bank Pay
Ideal for one-off payments
International payments
Collect from 30+ countries
Protect revenue
Success+
Reduce payment failures
Protect+
Advanced fraud protection for recurring payments
Verified Mandates
Payer authentication you can rely on
Open Banking
Open banking payments
Fast and secure straight from customers' bank accounts
Bank account data
Make decisions faster
Connect to GoCardless
Partner integrations
Connect to 350+ partner apps
API integrations
Build a custom integration
Payment provider integrations
Embed bank payments into your platform
Partners
All Partners
GoCardless for Chargebee
GoCardless for Xero
GoCardless for Zuora
Pricing
Learn
Help and support
Customer Hub
Training resources, documentation, and more
FAQ
Common questions answered
API documentation
Guides for integrators
News and resources
Latest articles and research
Guide to open banking
Guide to Direct Debit
Tech @ GC
Mastering Payments webinars
Direct Debit for small business
Login
Sign up
Privacy Centre
Payers
Read about our privacy practices for people who make a payment using GoCardless.
Privacy for Payers
Merchants
Read about our privacy practices for people who take payments for their goods or services using GoCardless.
Privacy for Merchants
Account holders
Read about our privacy practices for people who securely access and share their bank
account data.
Account holders
Prospects and visitors
Read about our privacy practices for people who visit our website or who work for companies that might be a good fit for our services.
Prospects and Visitors
FAQ
Who is GoCardless?
GoCardless provides services that help merchants process payments for their goods or services. Your data controller is GoCardless Ltd, Sutton Yard, 65 Goswell Road, London, UK  EC1V 7EN.
Learn more
Where do I go for privacy support?
You can contact our data protection officer to ask questions, make a complaint or exercise your rights.
Contact the DPO
How does GoCardless comply with GDPR?
Our global privacy program is based on the EU General Data Protection Regulation and sets a high baseline for compliance wherever we operate.
Learn more
What are my choices about marketing?
We don't sell data and we don't market to payers. We may contact business prospects if we think they might use our services.
Learn more
How does GoCardless use cookies?
Cookies help us provide our services, tailor our website and market our services more effectively. You can make choices about your cookies here.
Learn more
More legal details
What makes our processing lawful, how do we make automatic decisions about people, how long do we keep the data, and what types of recipient do we share it with?
Learn more
Recruitment privacy notice
GoCardless collects personal data to find and hire people who are a good fit for our company. You can find more information here.
Learn more
Ready to get started?
Get Started
Speak to one of our payment experts about the challenges of collecting recurring payments at scale across the globe.
Get Started
Sub-policy 1
https://payments.google.com/payments/apis-secure/u/0/get_legal_document?ldo=0&ldt=privacynotice&ldl=en:
Google Payments Privacy Notice
Last modified: 4 March 2025
The
Google Privacy Policy
describes how we treat personal information when you use Google products and services. If you are under the age of 18, you can find additional resources in the
Google Teen Privacy Guide
and the
Google Payments privacy guide for children
.
Google Payments is offered to Google Account holders, and your use of it is subject to the Google Privacy Policy. In addition, this Privacy Notice describes Google privacy practices that are specific to Google Payments.
Your use of Google Payments is governed by the Google Payments Terms of Service, which describes in more detail the services covered by this Privacy Notice. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Google Payments Terms of Service.
The Google Payments Privacy Notice applies to services offered by Google LLC or its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Google Payment Corp. ('GPC'). Consult the Google Payments Terms of Service made available to you within the service to learn which subsidiary is offering the service.
For users based in Brazil, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC and, to the extent required under Brazilian law, it may be Google Brasil Pagamentos Ltda
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the European Economic Area (excluding the UK), the data controller responsible for your information is Google Ireland Limited
For users based in the European Economic Area, excluding the UK, and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Ireland Limited
For users (except those selling on a Google marketplace) based in the UK, the data controller responsible for your information is Google LLC
For users based in the UK and selling on a Google marketplace, the data controller responsible for your information is Google Payment Limited
Information we collect
In addition to the information listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we may also collect the following:
Registration information
When you sign up for Google Payments, you are creating a Google payments profile that is associated with your Google Account. Depending on the Google Payments services you use, in addition to the information listed in the Google Privacy Policy, you may be asked to provide information, such as:
Credit or debit card number and card expiry date
Bank account number and expiry date
Address
Phone number
Date of birth
National insurance number or taxpayer identification number (or other government-issued identification numbers)
For sellers or businesses specifically, your business category and certain information about your sales or transaction volume
In some cases, we may also ask you to send us additional information or to answer additional questions to help verify your information or identity. Finally, if you register a carrier or operator billing account, we will ask you to provide us with certain information about your carrier or operator account.
Your registration information is stored in association with your Google Account, and your registration of a payment method will be stored on Google's servers. Certain types of data may also be stored on your mobile device.
Information obtained from third parties
We may obtain information about you from third parties, including third-party verification services. This includes:
Information arising from Google Payments transactions at merchant locations
Information regarding your use of payment methods and your accounts issued by third parties that are linked to Google Payments
The identity of your card issuer or financial institution
Feature and benefit information related to your payment method
Information regarding access to balances held in your Google payments profile
Information from a carrier or operator in connection with carrier or operator billing
Consumer reports, as the term 'consumer reports' is defined by the US Fair Credit Reporting Act
Information about your transactions with third parties (like merchants and payment service providers), which will be used for fraud risk modeling and to provide fraud risk scores and other fraud prevention services to third parties
Also, for sellers, we may obtain information about you and your business from a credit bureau or a business information service.
Transaction information
When you use Google Payments to conduct a transaction, we may collect information about the transaction, including:
The date, time and amount of the transaction
The merchant's location and description
A description provided by the seller of the goods or services purchased
Any photo that you choose to associate with the transaction
The names and email addresses of the seller and buyer (or sender and recipient)
The type of payment method used
Your description of the reason for the transaction and the offer associated with the transaction, if any
How we use the information we collect
In addition to the uses listed in the
Google Privacy Policy
, we use the information you provide to us, Google Payment Corp. (GPC), or another of our subsidiaries, as well as information about you from third parties, in order to:
Provide you with Google Payments for customer service purposes
Prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users or the public, including to help prevent fraud, phishing or other misconduct
Assist third parties in the provision of products or services that you request from them
Review your Google payments profile to determine whether you continue to meet the terms of the service
Make decisions about your future Google Payments transactions
Build and train fraud risk models with your historic and current information, and produce fraud risk scores and assessments that are shared with third parties solely for their fraud or abuse prevention purposes
Provide you with information about your payment method’s features and benefits to help you better identify your payment method when using Google Payments
Fulfill other legitimate business needs related to the Google Payments transactions initiated by you
We may retain the information that you provide for the duration of your use of Google Payments, and for an additional period as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Information we share
We will only share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Google in the following circumstances:
As permitted under the
Google Privacy Policy
As permitted by law
As necessary to process your transaction and maintain your account, including to provide security improvements, protect your account against fraud, and for other everyday business purposes
To complete your requested registration for a service provided by a third party
To inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used to make payments through that merchant's site or app. You can choose to turn off this setting
To share fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments with third parties that use Google’s risk score and fraud prevention services, in order to protect your transactions with third parties from fraud and abuse
To help ensure your payment method is secure and valid, and to provide you with relevant information about your payment method's features and benefits, we may share your personal information with your payment method issuer, payment network, processors, and their affiliates
Examples of when information may be shared:
When you make a purchase or transaction using Google Payments, we make certain personal information about you available to the company or individual that you purchase from or transact with. This includes sharing your personal information with the developer from whom you purchase when you use Google Payments to make a purchase on Google Play
When you make a purchase through a website or app with Google Pay, we might share your ZIP code or postcode and information about your payment method so that the merchant can calculate tax, shipping, and other details related to the cost of your order (such as delivery costs and other price information), and identify whether the merchant can accept that form of payment from you as well as benefits or restrictions for particular forms of payment for your purchase
When you add a third-party payment method to your Google payments profile, we may exchange certain personal information with the third-party payment provider so we can both provide the service to you. The information may include your name, profile image, email, Internet protocol (IP) address, billing address, phone number, device information, location, and Google Account activity information
When you visit a participating merchant site or app, the merchant can check whether you have a Google payments profile with an eligible payment method that can be used to make a purchase through the merchant's site or app, in order to reduce the likelihood that you will see unusable features on sites or apps
When you transact with a third party (like merchants and payment service providers), we may send fraud risk scores and other fraud assessments related to your payment transaction to these third parties, solely for their own fraud or abuse prevention purposes
The information we collect, including information obtained from third parties, may be shared with our affiliates, meaning other companies owned and controlled by Google LLC. Our affiliates, which can be financial and non-financial entities, will use such information for purposes as disclosed in this Privacy Notice and the Google Privacy Policy, including for their everyday business purposes.
We provide you with the right to opt out of certain sharing between GPC and its affiliates, if applicable. Specifically, you may choose to opt out of:
Sharing between GPC and its affiliates of information about your creditworthiness for their everyday business purposes; and/or
Our affiliates marketing their products or services to you based on your personal information that we collect and share with them. This information includes your account history with us
You may also choose to opt out of Google LLC or its affiliates informing a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile that can be used for payment through that merchant's site or app.
If you choose to opt out, your choice will be effective until you tell us to change your choice.
If you do not want us to share personal information about your creditworthiness between GPC and its affiliates, or if you do not want our affiliates to use your personal information collected by us and shared with them to market to you, or if you do not want Google LLC or its affiliates to inform a third-party merchant, whose site or app you visit, whether you have a Google payments profile, please indicate your preference by logging in to your account, and going to your
Google Payments privacy settings
to update your privacy preferences.
We will not share your personal information with anyone outside of GPC or with our affiliates except as described in this Privacy Notice or the Google Privacy Policy. Google Payments is a product offered to Google Account holders. Data that you provide to Google LLC for the purpose of signing up for a Google Account is not affected by the opt-out provisions in this Privacy Notice.
Keeping your information secure
For more information about our security practices, please see the main
Google Privacy Policy
.
The security of your Google payments profile depends on you keeping your account password(s), PINs, and other access information for the Service confidential:
If you share your Google Account information with a third party, they will have access to your Google payments profile and your personal information
It is your responsibility to control access to your mobile device and the Google Payments application on your device, including keeping your password(s) and/or PIN confidential and not sharing it with anyone
It is also your responsibility to alert Google or the relevant partner if you believe that the security of the information in the Google Payments application has been compromised
Any information that you provide directly to a third-party merchant, website or application is not covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of merchants or other third parties with whom you choose to share your personal information directly. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party with whom you choose to share your personal information directly.
© 2025 Google –
Google Home
Google Terms of Service
Previous Privacy Notices
Sub-policy 2
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-pay/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Legal
Open Menu
Close Menu
Hardware
Software
Sales & Support
Internet Services
Intellectual Property
More Resources
English
Choose your preferred language
When you add a card to Apple Pay, card-related information, location, and information about device settings and use patterns may be sent to Apple to determine eligibility.
Some of the above information, account-related information, and paired-device details may be shared with your card issuer or bank to determine eligibility and for anti-fraud purposes.
When you use Apple Pay in apps and on the web, information necessary to process the payment is shared with the app or website. Your actual card number isn’t shared with the merchant.
Apple Pay data that can no longer be tied to you may be used by Apple to improve Apple Pay and other Apple products and services.
Apple Pay is a technology service provided by affiliates of Apple Inc., which are responsible for your personal data.
Apple Pay allows you to make secure purchases in stores, in apps, and on the web, using your debit, credit, and prepaid cards.
Apple Pay is a technology service provided by affiliates of Apple Inc., which are responsible for your personal data. Your Apple Pay provider may differ depending on your location, such as Apple Payments Services LLC in the United States. For more information on Apple entities responsible for the processing of your personal data, visit Apple’s Privacy Policy at
apple.com/privacy
and Apple-Affiliated Companies at
www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en/affiliated-company
.
Adding Cards to Apple Pay
When you are adding a payment card like store, credit, debit, and prepaid cards to Apple Pay, information you provide about your card, and whether certain device settings are enabled may be sent to Apple in order to determine your eligibility to enable Apple Pay and its features. Your device may also evaluate device use patterns (for example, percent of time device is in motion, approximate number of calls per week) to help identify fraud. The information evaluated by your device is not shared with Apple in a way that can be linked to you.
Your card issuer, payment network, or provider authorized by your card issuer may share information about card features and benefits with Apple, such as whether it supports a rewards or installments program, to determine eligibility for certain Apple Pay features. Information may also be provided by Apple to those entities to enable Apple Pay, determine card eligibility, set up your card with Apple Pay, and to prevent fraud, including:
Your credit, debit, or prepaid card number
The name and billing address associated with your Apple Account
General information about your Apple Account activity (for example, whether you have a long history of transactions within iTunes)
Information about your device and, if using Apple Watch, the paired iOS device (for example, a device identifier, phone number, and the name and model, for both your Apple Watch and paired iOS device)
Location at the time you add your card (if you have Location Services enabled)
Account or device history of adding payment cards
Aggregated stats relating to the information from payment cards you’ve added or attempted to add to Apple Pay
When you add a card to Apple Pay using a third-party app such as a banking app, the app sends an account or card identifier to your device. This information is used by Apple and your card issuer to determine the eligibility of your card, set up your card with Apple Pay, and to prevent fraud. To help you set up cards that you have, or have recently had, on other devices, Apple stores a card reference with your Apple Account that can be used with the card issuer or payment network to re-add the card after entering the security code. Apple Pay does not store the original credit, debit, or prepaid card number.
Paying with Apple Pay
When you begin a payment, to enable tax and shipping cost calculation your zip code, postal code, or other equivalent information may be provided to the app, website, or merchant. When you begin a payment within a third-party browser, the browser generates a QR code or an App Clip Code to scan with your Apple Pay-supporting device. Once scanned, Apple initiates a communication channel between the browser and the Apple Pay-supporting device, through which the browser and device share relevant transaction and billing and/or shipping information necessary to process the transaction.
If enhanced Apple Pay payment features such as the ability to pay with installments or rewards are enabled, after you initiate an Apple Pay purchase, Apple will identify the payment options available to you based on what cards you have in your Wallet and the benefits and features of those cards, which are provided to Apple by the card issuers. You may also choose to have Apple identify additional payment options that may be available to you and that are not yet in your Wallet. To do so, Apple will use information about your transaction, such as merchant and amount, to determine whether additional payment methods are available for that transaction. Apple does not retain information about the transaction and the payment method eligibility check in a manner that is linked to you. If you choose to apply for a new payment method, your application information will be shared directly with the issuer and will not be seen or stored by Apple. To help you make informed financial decisions, if you choose to pay with rewards, Apple may use information about your card, card features, and benefits, as well as the transaction merchant and amount, to fetch and display your current rewards balance, the rewards points (or equivalent) that would be charged for the transaction, and your rewards balance post transaction. To allow you to select the right installment plan for your financial health, Apple provides your participating issuers with merchant and amount information, which they use to evaluate eligibility and provide Apple with a list of installment options for display. Apple does not retain this information processed to provide enhanced Apple Pay payment features in a manner that is linked to you.
After you authorize the payment, other information requested by the merchant, such as a device- or merchant-specific account number, your shipping address, or email address, is also provided. The card number from your credit, debit, or prepaid card is not provided when you use Apple Pay.
To help ensure that any recurring or other merchant-initiated charges like subscriptions are authorized by you, when you choose to provide eligible Apple Pay payment methods to participating merchants for recurring or merchant-initiated charges, your issuer and/or payment network will approve and generate a merchant-specific account number to be used for such charges. Only that merchant-specific account number can be used by a participating merchant to authorize transactions without you taking a specific action. Apple will know which merchants are associated with your merchant-specific account numbers, but not what you purchased or how much you paid for it. You can manage your merchant-specific account numbers in Wallet by tapping the card and tapping the More button to view card details.
For cards with certain enhanced fraud prevention, when you attempt an online or in-app transaction, your device will evaluate information about your Apple Account, device, and location if you have enabled Location Services for Wallet, in order to develop on-device fraud prevention assessments. The output of the on-device fraud prevention assessments, but not the underlying data, will be sent to Apple and combined with information Apple knows about your device and account to develop Apple Pay transaction fraud prevention assessments. These transaction fraud prevention assessments may be shared with your payment network, together with a shipping address identifier and IP address if available, in order to prevent fraud at the time of transaction. The shipping address identifier differs per payment network and may be used to confirm whether shipping addresses for different transactions using a particular card on your device are the same in a way that does not reveal the underlying address. You can check whether a card has this enhanced fraud prevention at any time by going to the back of your payment credential in Wallet. To prevent the sharing of fraud prevention assessments with your payment network, you can select another card.
When using an app or visiting a website through Safari that uses Apple Pay in iOS, watchOS, or macOS, the app or website can check if you have Apple Pay enabled on that device. When visiting a website in Safari on an iOS device, or Mac to which a card cannot be added, the website can check if you have Apple Pay set up on an iPhone or Apple Watch using the same Apple Account. You can disable websites you visit from checking if Apple Pay is enabled by changing your settings. On iOS, go to Settings > Apps > Safari > Advanced > Check for Apple Pay. On Mac, go to Safari > Settings > Advanced and deselect “Allow websites to check for Apple Pay and Apple Card”.
Safeguarding Your Payment Methods
Safeguarding Safari Payment Methods
To help safeguard your payment methods on the Apple ecosystem and take advantage of the benefits of Apple Pay privacy and security, your supported Apple Pay payment methods from Wallet will also be available in Safari AutoFill. When shopping online with Safari AutoFill, for websites, you can set up a virtual card number to hide your physical card number, if supported by your participating card network and issuer. To enable this functionality, Apple will send limited information about your payment method to your network or issuer (or their authorized third party), which will generate a virtual card number for your use when shopping online with Safari AutoFill. To manage your Apple Pay card numbers, including virtual card numbers, go to the back of your pass in Wallet and tap to see Card Information. You may also help to safeguard payment methods already in Safari AutoFill by paying with Apple Pay or a virtual card number rather than your physical card number. To manage, go to Settings > Wallet & Apple Pay and tap Use Apple Pay When Available. When enabled, limited information about your saved card in Safari AutoFill necessary to verify eligibility for Apple Pay will be sent to your payment network for verification. If your payment network indicates the card is eligible, Apple will add the payment method to Wallet and your network will generate an Apple Pay card number for enhanced online shopping protection.
Safeguarding Apple Account Payment Methods
To help you manage your payment methods on the Apple ecosystem, Apple may check whether any Apple Pay payment methods are eligible to be added as a payment method on file to your Apple Account and display those payment methods in Settings > [your name] > Payment & Shipping > Add Payment Method > Payment Method. When you conduct a transaction with your Apple Account, Apple may also check whether any Apple Account payment methods on file are eligible for Apple Pay. If so, to help safeguard your payment information, Apple may enable Apple Pay for that payment method. You can modify your Apple Account payment methods at any time by going to Settings > [your name] > Payment & Shipping.
Apple Transmits, But Does Not Store Your Payment Information
In order to securely transmit your payment information within apps, websites, and Business Chat, it is sent to Apple in encrypted form, where it is briefly decrypted and reencrypted with a merchant-specific key, so that only the merchant, the developer, or their payment processor can decrypt your payment information. When you make a payment on a Mac to which a card cannot be added, the Mac and the authorizing device communicate over an encrypted channel via Apple servers. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.
Apple Pay also allows you to make payments in third-party browsers and use devices supporting Apple Pay to authorize the transaction. When using this feature, Apple will create a communication channel between the third-party browser and your authorizing device via Apple servers to allow you to update your shipping and payment details, and provide your authorization. Your shipping and billing information, and information about merchant charges, such as tax or shipping fees associated with your purchase, will briefly be visible to Apple. Apple does not retain any of this information in a form that personally identifies you.
Apple Pay Order Tracking
To provide you with order tracking, upon making an Apple Pay purchase, a participating merchant sends your device-limited order information for your device to use to track your order. And, Apple provides the merchant with a merchant-specific device identifier and a push token that the merchant can use to provide the device with order updates. Apple facilitates merchant updates, but does not store order information, nor track how many, how often, or which merchants send order updates. Order tracking information is stored locally on your devices and is kept up-to-date across devices by syncing an encrypted copy, which cannot be accessed by Apple. You can manage your Apple Pay orders at any time by tapping to view your Orders, tapping on a specific order, and tapping Manage Order. You can also manage notifications about Orders by going to Orders, tapping the More button, then tapping Mute Notifications.
When you sign out of your account, your device may still retain limited information about orders for which the device is getting updates. This information will not be visible to device users, will be retained for a short time, and used by your device only to help stop updates from being sent to the device after sign-out to prevent unauthorized access to your order information.
Sharing Account Activity with Third-Party Apps
You can share your Apple Card, Savings, and Apple Cash account details and transaction history with participating personal financial management apps you trust from the App Store. Apps must request the ability to read your Apple Card, Savings, or Apple Cash account activity from Apple Pay in Wallet. You have control over the data that you share with these apps and can change what you share at any time. Account activity that you choose to share with a third-party app will be handled in accordance with that app’s privacy policy. Apple does not see or store your account details or transaction history when you share your account activity.
Applicable Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data
We process your Apple Pay personal data generally for performance of your contract with Apple, as necessary for providing the service, and to comply with our legal obligations. Where consent is the appropriate legal basis, we seek it in accordance with applicable local law.
Where applicable local law provides, we process the following categories of personal data as necessary for purposes of our legitimate interests or those of a third party, including information about:
Your account, such as whether your account is active
Your device, such as the type of device, the software version, and the device serial number
Your pass, such as information displayed on the pass
Your pass issuer, such as the third party authorized to provide updates to the pass
Your use of Apple Pay, for example, the number of Apple Pay passes that you have added
Your location
These legitimate interests include:
Adding and managing a pass
Helping to improve and optimize the service for you and others
Helping you to discover features that are most relevant to you
Checking eligibility
Providing you with services you request
Sending you communications about Apple Pay and other Apple products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you
Preventing fraud and other malicious activity
Other Information
To determine eligibility for Wallet and Apple Pay features, when you tap a card in Wallet, Apple may check feature eligibility by looking at the country in which the card was issued and whether the issuer participates in the feature.
If you have Location Services turned on, the location of your device at the time you use it to make purchases in stores may be sent anonymously to Apple and will be used to help Apple Pay improve the accuracy of business names in the Wallet card transaction history and may be retained in aggregate to improve Apple Maps, Apple Pay, and Wallet. You can disable this location-based functionality of Apple Pay at any time on your iOS device by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Location Services > System Services and tapping to turn off Apple Pay Merchant Identification. On Mac, go to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Location Services, then click to turn off Wallet.
To help improve Apple Pay, Apple collects information about your use of Apple Pay and stores that information in a way that does not identify you personally. This information includes the time it takes you to successfully add a card or complete a transaction using Apple Pay. Apple may also use this information to improve other Apple products and services, for marketing, and for fraud and security purposes.
The terms of any cardholder, user, merchant agreement, or other terms and conditions applicable to the use of the features of Apple Pay will continue to govern the use of your cards and their use in connection with Apple Pay, and such terms may have additional privacy policies. Neither Apple nor its affiliates providing Apple Pay is a bank and this notice is in addition to any notices you may receive from your bank. In the event that Apple suspects fraud in connection with use of Apple Pay, information about the potentially fraudulent Apple account and transactions may be shared with your card issuer or payment network provider to prevent fraud.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this notice and in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, or as required by law. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest period permissible under law.
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple’s Privacy Policy, which can be found at
www.apple.com/privacy
Published Date: September 20, 2024
Sub-policy 3
https://stripe.com/en-ch/privacy:
Stripe Services Agreement
Stripe Connect
Platform Agreement
Account Agreement
Products and Programmes
Stripe Atlas
Stripe Adaptive Pricing
Stripe Climate
Climate Contribution Terms
Stripe Corporate Card
Stripe Customer Portal
Stripe Data Pipeline
Stripe Financial Connections
Stripe Identity
Stripe Issuing
Stripe Tax
Stripe Partner Ecosystem
Stripe Radar
Stripe Rewards
Stripe Verifications
Stripe Shop
Stripe Terminal
Terminal Purchase Terms
Terminal Reseller Terms
Terminal Device EULA
Stripe Treasury - Connected Accounts
Stripe Treasury - Platforms
Stripe Vault and Forward
Financial Services Terms
Acquirer Disclosure
Stripe Payments Company
PNC Bank
Payment Method Terms
Prohibited & Restricted Businesses
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Data Privacy Framework
Service Providers List
Data Processing Agreement
Data Transfers Addendum
Stripe Privacy Center
Intellectual Property
Intellectual Property Notice
Marks Usage
Stripe Apps
App Developer Agreement
App Marketplace Agreement
Licences
Consumer Terms
Dies ist eine ausschließlich zu Informationszwecken bereitgestellte Übersetzung der Datenschutzerklärung. Rechtliche Gültigkeit besitzt einzig und allein die Originalerklärung, die in englischer Sprache vorliegt.
Zuletzt aktualisiert:  16. Januar 2024.
Unsere Zusammenfassung der Aktualisierungen finden Sie hier.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie enthält wichtige Informationen über Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und wir empfehlen Ihnen, diese sorgfältig zu lesen.
Willkommen
Wir stellen Finanzinfrastruktur für das Internet bereit. Privatpersonen und Unternehmen jeder Grösse nutzen unsere Technologie und Dienstleistungen, um Einkäufe zu vereinfachen, Zahlungen zu akzeptieren, Auszahlungen vorzunehmen und das Online-Geschäft zu verwalten.
Diese Datenschutzerklärung («Erklärung») beschreibt die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir erheben, wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben, sowie Einzelheiten darüber, wie Sie sich bei Fragen zum Datenschutz an uns wenden können. Darüber hinaus werden in der Erklärung Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person und die Ihnen zur Verfügung stehenden Wahlmöglichkeiten dargelegt, einschliesslich des Rechts, bestimmten Verwendungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns zu widersprechen. Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken, einschliesslich unserer ergänzenden US-Hinweise, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich «Stripe», «wir», «unser» oder «uns» auf das Stripe-Unternehmen, das für die Erhebung, Nutzung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten, wie in diesem Dokument beschrieben, verantwortlich ist. Das für Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verantwortliche Stripe-Unternehmen kann je nach Rechtsordnung variieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
«Personenbezogene Daten» bezieht sich auf alle Informationen, die mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person assoziiert sind, einschliesslich der Daten, die Sie uns zur Verfügung stellen und die wir über Sie während Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Diensten erheben (beispielsweise Geräteinformationen, IP-Adresse usw.).
«Dienste» bezieht sich auf die von Stripe gemäss dem Stripe-Rahmenvertrag und den Nutzungsbedingungen für Verbraucher/innen bereitgestellten Produkte und Dienste. Dies kann Geräte und Anwendungen umfassen, die von Stripe bereitgestellt werden. Unsere «Geschäftsdienstleistungen» sind Dienstleistungen, die wir für Unternehmen («Geschäftskunden») erbringen, die uns direkt und indirekt personenbezogene Daten von «Endkundinnen» und «Endkunden» in Verbindung mit ihren eigenen Geschäftsabläufen und Aktivitäten liefern. Unsere «Endkundendienste» richten sich direkt an Privatpersonen zur persönlichen Nutzung. «Websites» bezieht sich auf Stripe.com, Link.com und andere Websites, Anwendungen und Online-Dienste von Stripe. Zusammenfassend bezeichnen wir Websites, Geschäftsdienstleistungen und Endkundendienste als «Dienste».
«Finanzpartner» sind Finanzinstitute, Banken und andere Partner wie Acquirer von Zahlungsmethoden, Zahlungsdienstleister und Kartennetzwerke, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Dienste bereitzustellen.
«Sie» bedeutet je nach Kontext Endkundin/Endkunde, Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in:
Wenn Sie einen Endkundendienst für Ihren persönlichen Gebrauch nutzen, beispielsweise, wenn Sie sich für Link anmelden, bezeichnen wir Sie als «Endnutzer/in».
Wenn Sie mit einem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung treten oder anderweitig eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden durchführen, indem Sie beispielsweise ein Paar Schuhe von einem Geschäftskunden kaufen, der Stripe Checkout für die Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt, aber keine direkte Transaktion mit Stripe durchführen, bezeichnen wir Sie als «Endkundin/Endkunde».
Wenn Sie im Namen eines bestehenden oder potenziellen Geschäftskunden handeln (beispielsweise als Unternehmensgründer/in, Kontoverwalter/in für einen Geschäftskunden oder als Empfänger/in einer Mitarbeiter-Kreditkarte eines Geschäftskunden über Stripe Issuing), kategorisieren wir Sie als «Vertreter/in».
Wenn Sie mit Stripe durch den Besuch einer Website interagieren, ohne in einem Stripe-Konto angemeldet zu sein, oder wenn Sie an Ihrer Interaktion mit Stripe nicht als Endnutzer/in, Endkunde/Endkundin oder Vertreter/in beteiligt sind, betrachten wir Sie als «Besucher/in». Sie sind zum Beispiel Besucher/in, wenn Sie eine Nachricht an Stripe senden und um weitere Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen bitten.
In dieser Erklärung bezieht sich «Transaktionsdaten» auf Daten, die von Stripe erhoben und verwendet werden, um von Ihnen gewünschte Transaktionen auszuführen. Bei bestimmten Transaktionsdaten handelt es sich um personenbezogene Daten, die Folgendes umfassen können: Ihren Namen, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihre Kontaktnummer, Ihre Rechnungs- und Versandadresse, Informationen zur Zahlungsmethode (beispielsweise Kredit- oder Debitkartennummer, Bankverbindung oder das von Ihnen gewählte Zahlungskartenbild), Angaben zum Händler und zum Standort, Betrag und Datum des Kaufs sowie in einigen Fällen Informationen über den gekauften Artikel.
Je nach Aktivität übernimmt Stripe die Rolle eines «Datenverantwortlichen» und/oder «Auftragsverarbeiters» (oder «Dienstleisters») aufgrund dieser Aktivität. Zusätzliche Informationen zu unserer Rolle, zu dem für diese Erklärung verantwortlichen Stripe-Unternehmen und zu unseren Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Internationale Datenübermittlung
Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Kontakt
Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir erheben, und wie wir sie verwenden und weitergeben
Unsere Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten unterscheidet sich je nachdem, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin/Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, und je nachdem, welchen Dienst Sie in Anspruch nehmen. Wenn Sie beispielsweise Einzelunternehmer/in sind und unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen möchten, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, um Ihr Unternehmen zum Onboarding einzuladen; gleichzeitig könnten Sie auch Endkundin/Endkunde sein, wenn Sie Waren von einem anderen Geschäftskunden gekauft haben, der unsere Dienste zur Zahlungsabwicklung nutzt. Sie könnten Endnutzer/in sein, wenn Sie unseren Endkundendienst, wie beispielsweise Link, für diese Transaktionen genutzt haben.
1.1 Endnutzer/innen
Wir erbringen Endkundendienste, wenn wir Ihnen unsere Dienste direkt für Ihre persönliche Nutzung zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise Link). Weitere Einzelheiten zu unserer Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern, einschliesslich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung solcher Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben
Verwendung von Link oder Verbindung mit Ihrem Bankkonto.
Stripe bietet Ihnen den Dienst «Link» an, mit dem Sie Ihre Zahlungsmethoden bei Stripe hinterlegen können, um sie bequem zur Zahlung bei unseren Geschäftskunden zu nutzen. Wenn Sie sich bei Link anmelden, erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode) bei Stripe gespeichert werden. Dies ermöglicht effizientere Kauferfahrungen bei der künftigen Nutzung von Link. Wenn Sie sich für die Bezahlung mit Link entscheiden, erheben wir auch die mit Ihren Transaktionen assoziierten Transaktionsdaten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen (auch um Zahlungen über Ihr Bankkonto via Link zu leisten), erhebt und verarbeitet Stripe in regelmässigen Abständen Ihre Kontoinformationen (beispielsweise Angaben zu Bankkontoinhaber/in, Kontostände, Kontonummer und -daten, Kontotransaktionen und in einigen Fällen auch Anmelde-/Zugangsdaten). Sie können uns jederzeit auffordern, die Erhebung dieser Daten einzustellen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sie können auch Ausweisdokumente (beispielsweise Ihren Führerausweis) bei Link hinterlegen, um diese künftig an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben.
Bezahlung von Stripe.
Wenn Sie Waren oder Dienstleistungen direkt bei Stripe kaufen, erhalten wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlung an Stripe Climate leisten, erheben wir Informationen zur Transaktion, sowie Ihre Kontaktdaten und Angaben zur Zahlungsmethode.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir bieten einen Dienst zur Identitätsverifizierung an, der den Abgleich Ihres Ausweisdokuments (z. B. Führerausweis) mit Ihrem Bild (z. B. Selfie) automatisiert. Sie können der Verwendung Ihrer biometrischen Daten zur Verbesserung unserer Verifizierungstechnologie separat zustimmen, was Sie jederzeit widerrufen können.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endnutzer/innen erheben können, einschliesslich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Endkundendienste, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten unserer Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben
Dienste
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und geben sie weiter, um Ihnen die Endkundendienste bereitzustellen. Dazu gehören Support, Personalisierung (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und Einstellungsmöglichkeiten) sowie Mitteilungen über unsere Endkundendienste (beispielsweise Benachrichtigung über Richtlinienaktualisierungen und Informationen über unsere Dienste). Beispielsweise könnte Stripe Cookies und vergleichbare Technologien oder die Daten, die Sie unseren Geschäftskunden zur Verfügung stellen (beispielsweise, wenn Sie Ihre E-Mail-Adresse auf der Website eines Geschäftskunden eingeben), verwenden, um Sie zu erkennen und Ihnen beim Besuch der Website unseres Geschäftskunden die Verwendung von Link zu ermöglichen. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien finden Sie in der
Cookie Policy
von Stripe.
Unsere Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen verwenden, geben wir Ihre Transaktionsdaten an die Geschäftskunden weiter, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten.
Mehr erfahren
. Darüber hinaus können Sie Ihr Bankkonto mit Stripe verbinden und Stripe anweisen, Ihre Kontodaten an Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass diese Geschäftskunden über eigene Datenschutzerklärungen verfügen, in denen sie beschreiben, wie sie die an sie weitergegebenen Informationen verwenden.
Transaktionen.
Wenn Sie Link für Zahlungen nutzen, verwenden wir Ihre bei uns gespeicherten personenbezogenen Daten (wie Name, Kontaktinformationen, Zahlungsmethode), um Transaktionen mit Geschäftskunden von Stripe durchzuführen. Wir stellen diese Daten Geschäftskunden und anderen, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zur Verfügung und verarbeiten sie gemäss Abschnitt 1.2 dieser Erklärung als Datenverarbeiter für diese Geschäftskunden.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste (beispielsweise Stripe Radar) erheben, um Betrug zu erkennen und um finanziellen Verlusten für Sie, uns und unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner vorzubeugen, einschliesslich der Erkennung nicht autorisierter Käufe. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, personenbezogene Daten über Sie (einschliesslich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Werbung.
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um Ihre Eignung für weitere Endkundendienste zu prüfen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Endkundendienste zu bewerben. Soweit gesetzlich zulässig (einschliesslich Ihrer gegebenenfalls erforderlichen Einwilligung), verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endnutzerinnen und Endnutzern und geben diese an andere weiter, damit wir unsere Endkundendienste an Sie vermarkten können, auch durch interessenbasierte Werbung. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Dritte weiter, aber wir können Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endnutzer/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.2 Endkundinnen und Endkunden
Stripe erbringt verschiedene Geschäftsdienstleistungen für seine Geschäftskunden. Dazu zählen persönliche oder Online-Zahlungen oder Auszahlungen für diese Geschäftskunden. Wenn wir als Dienstleister eines Geschäftskunden agieren (auch «Datenverarbeiter» genannt), verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden gemäss unserer Vereinbarung mit dem Geschäftskunden und seinen rechtmässigen Anweisungen. Dies geschieht zum Beispiel, wenn wir eine Zahlung für einen Geschäftskunden abwickeln, weil Sie etwas bei ihm gekauft haben oder wenn er uns anweist, Ihnen Gelder zu schicken.
Geschäftskunden sind für die Einhaltung der Datenschutzrechte ihrer Endkundinnen und Endkunden verantwortlich, einschliesslich der Einholung angemessener Einwilligungen und der Offenlegung ihrer eigenen Datenerhebung und -verwendung im Zusammenhang mit ihren Produkten und Dienstleistungen. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren.
Weitere umfassende Informationen über die Erhebung, Verwendung und Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
, einschliesslich der
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten stützen.
a. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben
Transaktionsdaten.
Wir erhalten Ihre Transaktionsdaten, wenn Sie als Endkundin oder Endkunde Zahlungen an unseren Geschäftskunden leisten, Rückerstattungen von ihm erhalten, einen Kauf oder eine Spende veranlassen oder anderweitig mit unserem Geschäftskunden in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, ob persönlich oder online. Wir können auch Ihren Transaktionsverlauf vom Geschäftskunden erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
. Ausserdem können wir die Daten erheben, die Sie bei einem Bezahlvorgang eingeben, auch wenn Sie sich dafür entscheiden, das Ausfüllen des Formulars abzubrechen oder keine Transaktion mit dem Geschäftskunden vorzunehmen.
Mehr erfahren
. Ein Geschäftskunde, der den Terminal-Dienst von Stripe nutzt, um seine Waren oder Dienstleistungen an Endkundinnen und Endkunden zu vertreiben, kann den Terminal-Dienst nutzen, um personenbezogene Daten der Endkundinnen und Endkunden (wie Name, E-Mail-Adresse, Telefonnummer, Adresse, Unterschrift oder Alter) entsprechend seiner eigenen Datenschutzerklärung zu erheben.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdaten.
Stripe bietet einen Verifizierungs- und Betrugspräventionsdienst an, den unsere Geschäftskunden nutzen können, um personenbezogene Daten über Sie zu verifizieren, wie beispielsweise Ihre Autorisierung zur Nutzung einer bestimmten Zahlungsmethode. Während dieses Prozesses werden Sie aufgefordert, uns bestimmte personenbezogene Daten mitzuteilen (beispielsweise Ihre Identitätskarte und ein Selfie zur biometrischen Verifizierung, von Ihnen eingegebene personenbezogene Daten oder personenbezogene Daten, die aus der physischen Zahlungsmethode hervorgehen, wie ein Bild der Kreditkarte). Zum Schutz vor Betrug und um festzustellen, ob jemand versucht, Ihre Identität vorzutäuschen, können wir diese Daten mit Informationen über Sie abgleichen, die wir von Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern, verbundenen Unternehmen, Identitätsprüfungsdiensten, öffentlich zugänglichen Quellen und anderen Dienstleistern und Quellen von Drittparteien erheben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Endkundinnen und Endkunden erheben können, einschliesslich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben
Um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für unsere Geschäftskunden zu erbringen, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden und geben diese an Geschäftskunden weiter. Soweit zulässig, verwenden wir personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden auch für eigene Zwecke von Stripe, beispielsweise zur Stärkung der Sicherheit, zur Verbesserung und zum Offerieren unserer Geschäftsdienstleistungen sowie zur Verhinderung von Betrug, Verlust und anderen Schäden, wie weiter unten beschrieben.
Zahlungsabwicklung und Buchhaltung.
Wir verwenden Ihre Transaktionsdaten, um für Geschäftskunden zahlungsbezogene Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen, darunter die Abwicklung von Online-Zahlungen, die Berechnung der Mehrwertsteuer, die Bearbeitung von Rechnungen und Durchführung von Abrechnungen sowie die Unterstützung bei der Ermittlung von Umsatzzahlen, der Begleichung von Rechnungen und der Erledigung von Buchhaltungsaufgaben.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch verwenden, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen und zu verbessern.
Bei Zahlungstransaktionen werden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zuge der Abwicklung Ihrer Transaktion an verschiedene Stellen weitergegeben. Als Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter geben wir personenbezogene Daten weiter, um Transaktionen auf Weisung von Geschäftskunden abzuwickeln. Wenn Sie beispielsweise eine Zahlungsmethode für Ihre Transaktion wählen, sei es eine Kreditkarte, eine Debitkarte, «Jetzt kaufen, später bezahlen» oder ein Lastschriftverfahren, kann Ihr Zahlungsmethodenanbieter die Transaktionsdaten Ihrer über Stripe abgewickelten Transaktionen erhalten. Der Geschäftskunde, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten möchten, erhält ebenfalls Transaktionsdaten und kann diese Daten an andere weitergeben. Weitere Informationen über die Verwendung und Weitergabe Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Geschäftskunden entnehmen Sie bitte deren Datenschutzerklärungen.
Finanzdienstleistungen.
Einige Geschäftskunden nutzen unsere Dienste, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen über Stripe oder unsere Finanzpartner anzubieten. Beispielsweise kann ein Geschäftskunde ein Kartenprodukt ausgeben, mit dem Sie Waren und Dienstleistungen kaufen können. Solche Karten könnten die Marke von Stripe, vom Bankpartner und/oder vom Geschäftskunden tragen. Zusätzlich zu den Transaktionsdaten, die wir durch die Verwendung dieser Karten bei Käufen generieren oder empfangen, erheben und verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch, um diese Produkte bereitzustellen und zu verwalten, einschliesslich der Unterstützung unserer Geschäftskunden bei der Verhinderung des Missbrauchs der Karten. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärungen des Geschäftskunden und, falls zutreffend, die Datenschutzerklärungen unserer mit der Finanzdienstleistung assoziierten Bankpartner (deren Marken möglicherweise auf der Karte angegeben sind), um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Identitäts-/Verifizierungsdienste.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten Ihrer Identität, einschliesslich der von Ihnen und unseren Dienstleistern bereitgestellten Informationen, um Verifizierungsdienste für Stripe oder für die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, zu erbringen, um Betrug verhindern und die Sicherheit zu erhöhen. Falls Sie ein Selfie zusammen mit einem Foto Ihres Ausweisdokuments übermitteln, setzen wir biometrische Technologien zum Abgleich und zur Berechnung der Übereinstimmung ein, um Sie zu verifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über unsere Dienste erheben, um Verluste für Sie, uns, unsere Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner zu erkennen und zu verhindern. Wir können Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartnern, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugsprävention nutzen, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten (einschliesslich Ihrer versuchten Transaktionen) zur Verfügung stellen, damit diese das mit der Transaktion verbundene Betrugs- oder Verlustrisiko beurteilen können. Weitere Informationen zu unserem Einsatz von Technologien zur Beurteilung des mit einer versuchten Transaktion verbundenen Betrugsrisikos und zu den Informationen, die wir an Geschäftskunden und Finanzpartner weitergeben, finden Sie
hier
und
hier
.
Unsere Geschäftskunden (und deren autorisierte Drittparteien).
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Endkundinnen und Endkunden an ihre jeweiligen Geschäftskunden und an Parteien weiter, die von diesen Geschäftskunden direkt autorisiert wurden, solche Daten zu erhalten. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Wenn ein Geschäftskunde Stripe anweist, einem anderen Geschäftskunden über Stripe Connect Zugang zu seinem Stripe-Konto, einschliesslich der Daten seiner Endkundinnen und Endkunden, zu gewähren.
Weitergabe von Informationen, die Sie uns zur Verfügung gestellt haben, damit wir im Namen eines Geschäftskunden Zahlungen an Sie senden können.
Weitergabe von Informationen, Dokumenten oder Bildern, die von Endkundinnen oder Endkunden zur Verfügung gestellt werden, an Geschäftskunden, wenn letztere Stripe Identity, unseren Identitätsverifizierungsdienst zur Überprüfung der Identität der Endkundin oder des Endkunden, nutzen.
Die Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung treten, können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch an Dritte weitergeben (beispielsweise an andere Dienstleister als Stripe). Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung der Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten.
Werbung durch Geschäftskunden.
Wenn Sie einen Kauf bei einem Geschäftskunden einleiten, erhält der Geschäftskunde von uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten im Zusammenhang mit der Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, auch wenn Sie Ihren Kauf nicht abschliessen. Dieser Geschäftskunde kann Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um seine Produkte oder Dienste zu vermarkten und zu bewerben, und zwar gemäss den Bedingungen seiner Datenschutzerklärung. Bitte lesen Sie die Datenschutzerklärung des Geschäftskunden, um weitere Informationen zu erhalten, einschliesslich Ihrer Rechte, die Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu Marketingzwecken zu unterbinden.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Endkundinnen und Endkunden verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.3 Vertreter/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern von Geschäftskunden (beispielsweise von Unternehmensinhabern) weiter, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu erbringen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Vertreter/innen erheben
Anmeldung und Kontaktinformationen.
Wenn Sie sich für ein Stripe-Konto für einen Geschäftskunden (einschliesslich Unternehmensgründung) registrieren, erheben wir Ihren Namen und Ihre Zugangsdaten. Wenn Sie sich für eine von Stripe organisierte Veranstaltung registrieren oder daran teilnehmen oder sich für den Erhalt von Benachrichtigungen von Stripe anmelden, erheben wir Ihre Registrierungs- und Profildaten. Über Sie als Vertreter/in können wir unter Umständen personenbezogene Daten von Drittparteien, einschliesslich Datenanbietern, erheben, um Ihnen Werbung und Offerten zukommen zu lassen und um mit Ihnen zu kommunizieren, wie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
beschrieben. Darüber hinaus können wir möglicherweise einen Standort mit Ihnen verknüpfen, um die Dienste oder Informationen effektiv auf Ihre Bedürfnisse zuzuschneiden.
Mehr erfahren
.
Identifizierungsinformationen.
Als aktueller oder potenzieller Geschäftskunde, als Inhaber/in eines Geschäftskunden oder als Anteilseigner/in, leitende(r) Angestellte(r) oder Vorstandsmitglied eines Geschäftskunden benötigen wir Ihre Kontaktdaten, beispielsweise Name, Postanschrift, Telefonnummer und E-Mail-Adresse, um die Anforderungen unserer Finanzpartner und die gesetzlichen Vorschriften zu erfüllen, Ihre Identität zu verifizieren und betrügerische Aktivitäten und Schäden an der Stripe-Plattform zu verhindern. Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, wie beispielsweise Eigentumsanteile am Geschäftskunden, Geburtsdatum, Ausweispapiere und zugehörige Identifikatoren sowie etwaige Betrugs- oder Missbrauchsfälle direkt von Ihnen und/oder von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste.
Mehr erfahren
. Sie haben auch die Möglichkeit, uns Ihre Bankverbindung mitzuteilen.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir über Vertreter/innen erheben können, einschliesslich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern verwenden und weitergeben
Im Allgemeinen verwenden wir die personenbezogenen Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um die Geschäftsdienstleistungen für die entsprechenden Geschäftskunden zu erbringen. Die Art und Weise, wie wir diese Daten verwenden und weitergeben, wird weiter unten beschrieben.
Geschäftsdienstleistungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben sie an Geschäftskunden weiter, um die von Ihnen oder von dem von Ihnen vertretenen Geschäftskunden angeforderten Dienstleistungen zu erbringen.
In bestimmten Fällen müssen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an eine staatliche Stelle übermitteln, um unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung zu erbringen, beispielsweise für die Unternehmensgründung oder die Berechnung und Zahlung der geltenden Mehrwertsteuer. Für unsere steuerbezogenen Geschäftsdienstleistungen können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um im Namen des Geschäftskunden, den Sie vertreten, Steuererklärungen einzureichen. Für unsere Atlas-Geschäftsgründungsdienste können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden, um in Ihrem Namen Formulare bei der US-Steuerbehörde IRS und Dokumente bei anderen Regierungsbehörden einzureichen, beispielsweise die Gründungsurkunde im Gründungsstaat.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Parteien weiter, die vom jeweiligen Geschäftskunden ausdrücklich autorisiert wurden, beispielsweise an Finanzpartner, die ein Finanzprodukt vertreiben, oder Drittpartei-Apps oder -Dienste, die der Geschäftskunde neben unseren Geschäftsdienstleistungen nutzen möchte. Hier einige Beispiele für eine solche Weitergabe:
Anbieter von Zahlungsmethoden wie Visa oder WeChat Pay benötigen Informationen über Geschäftskunden und ihre Vertreter, die ihre Zahlungsmethoden akzeptieren. Diese Informationen werden in der Regel während des Onboarding-Prozesses oder zur Bearbeitung von Transaktionen für diese Geschäftskunden benötigt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Ein Geschäftskunde kann Stripe autorisieren, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten an andere Geschäftskunden weiterzugeben, um die Bereitstellung von Dienstleistungen über Stripe Connect zu erleichtern.
Die Verwendung personenbezogener Daten durch eine von einem Geschäftskunden autorisierte Drittpartei unterliegt der Datenschutzerklärung der Drittpartei.
Wenn Sie Geschäftskunde sind und Ihr Unternehmen einen Namen trägt, der personenbezogene Daten enthält (beispielsweise ein Einzelunternehmen oder einen Familiennamen als Firmennamen), werden wir diese Daten für die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste in der gleichen Weise verwenden und weitergeben, wie wir es mit jedem anderen Firmennamen tun. Dies kann bedeuten, dass der Name auf Quittungen und anderen Transaktionsbeschrieben erscheint.
Betrugserkennung und Verlustprävention.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern, um Risiken zu erkennen und zu steuern, wonach unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen für betrügerische Aktivitäten genutzt werden könnten, die Stripe, Endnutzer/innen, Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und andere schädigen. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir Informationen über Sie, die wir von Drittparteien wie Kreditauskunfteien und von unseren Diensten erhalten, um solche Risiken zu vermeiden, einschliesslich der Ermittlung von Missbrauchsmustern und der Überwachung von Verstössen gegen die Nutzungsbedingungen. Stripe kann personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern an Geschäftskunden, unsere Finanzpartner und Drittpartei-Dienstleister weitergeben, um die von Ihnen bereitgestellten Informationen zu überprüfen und Risikoindikatoren zu identifizieren.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern auch zur Durchführung von Due-Diligence-Prüfungen, einschliesslich der Durchführung von Anti-Geldwäscherei- und Sanktionsprüfungen in Übereinstimmung mit geltendem Recht, und geben diese Daten weiter.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Vertreterinnen und Vertretern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschliesslich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir interessenbezogene Werbung einsetzen und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, einschliesslich der Aktivitäten in Ihrem Stripe-Konto, auch dazu verwenden, Ihre Eignung für Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu beurteilen und Ihnen diese anzubieten oder bestehende Geschäftsdienstleistungen zu bewerben.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
1.4 Besucher/innen
Wir erheben, verwenden und geben personenbezogene Daten von Besucher/innen weiter. Weitere Einzelheiten darüber, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern erheben, verwenden und weitergeben, sowie über die
Rechtsgrundlagen
, auf die wir uns bei der Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten stützen, finden Sie in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
a. Welche personenbezogenen Daten wir über Besucher/innen erfassen
Wenn Sie unsere Websites besuchen, erhalten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten entweder direkt von Ihnen oder durch die Verwendung von Cookies und vergleichbaren Technologien. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
, um mehr zu erfahren. Wenn Sie auf unserer Website oder auf Websites Dritter, auf denen unsere Werbeanzeigen erscheinen (wie LinkedIn oder Facebook), ein Formular ausfüllen, erheben wir die von Ihnen im Formular eingegebenen Informationen. Dies kann Ihre Kontaktinformationen und andere Informationen zu Ihren Fragen über unsere Dienstleistungen umfassen. Wir können Ihren Besuch auch mit einem Standort assoziieren.
Mehr erfahren
.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über sonstige Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir von Besucher/innen erheben können, einschliesslich Ihrer Online-Aktivitäten, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
b. Wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben
Personalisierung.
Wir verwenden die Daten, die wir mit Hilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien über Sie erheben, um das Nutzer/innen-Engagement bezüglich der Inhalte der Websites zu messen, die Relevanz und Navigation zu verbessern, Ihre Erfahrungen anzupassen (beispielsweise Sprachpräferenzen und regionsspezifische Inhalte) und auf Sie zugeschnittene Inhalte über Stripe und unsere Dienste zu erstellen. Da zum Beispiel nicht alle unsere Dienste global verfügbar sind, können wir unsere Antworten auf Ihre Region abstimmen.
Werbung.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, nutzen wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern und geben diese an Drittparteien weiter, damit wir unsere Dienste bewerben und vermarkten können. Vorbehaltlich geltenden Rechts – einschliesslich etwaiger Einwilligungserfordernisse – können wir interessenbezogene Werbung einsetzen und die Wirksamkeit derartiger Werbung verfolgen. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
. Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Engagement
. Bei Ihrer Interaktion mit unseren Websites verwenden wir die Daten, die wir über Ihre Geräte erheben, um Ihnen Möglichkeiten für weitere Interaktionen zu bieten, beispielsweise Diskussionen über Dienste oder Interaktionen mit Chatbots, um Ihre Fragen zu beantworten.
Sonstiges.
Weitere Informationen über zusätzliche Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten von Besucherinnen und Besuchern verwenden und weitergeben können, finden Sie im folgenden Abschnitt
Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
.
2. Weitere Möglichkeiten, wie wir personenbezogene Daten erheben, verwenden und weitergeben
Zusätzlich zu den oben beschriebenen Arten verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten folgendermassen:
a. Erhebung personenbezogener Daten
Online-Aktivität.
Abhängig vom genutzten Dienst und der Art und Weise, wie unsere Geschäftsdienstleistung von den Geschäftskunden implementiert wird, können wir Daten erheben, die sich auf Folgendes beziehen:
Die Geräte und Browser, die Sie auf unseren Websites und für Websites, Apps und sonstige Online-Dienste von Drittparteien («Websites Dritter») verwenden.
Nutzungsdaten, die mit diesen Geräten und Browsern und Ihrer Nutzung unserer Dienste assoziiert sind, einschliesslich Daten wie IP-Adresse, Plug-ins, Spracheinstellungen, auf den Websites und den Websites Dritter verbrachte Zeit, besuchte Seiten, angeklickte Links, verwendete Zahlungsmethoden und die Seiten, die Sie zu unseren Websites und den Websites Dritter geführt haben. Wir sammeln auch Aktivitätsindikatoren, wie zum Beispiel Mausaktivitätsindikatoren, die uns helfen, Betrug aufzudecken.
Mehr erfahren
. Werfen Sie einen Blick in unsere
Cookie Policy
.
Informationen zu Kommunikation und Nutzung.
Des Weiteren erheben wir Informationen, die Sie uns über verschiedene Kanäle zur Verfügung stellen, beispielsweise über Support Tickets, E-Mails oder Social Media. Wenn Sie auf E-Mails oder Umfragen von Stripe antworten, erheben wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, Ihren Namen und alle anderen Daten, die Sie in Ihrem E-Mail oder Ihren Antworten angeben. Wenn Sie telefonisch mit uns Kontakt aufnehmen, zeichnen wir Ihre Telefonnummer und alle weiteren Informationen, die Sie im Laufe des Gesprächs angeben, auf. Darüber hinaus erheben wir Daten über Ihre Nutzung, wie beispielsweise Ihre Anmeldung für, Ihre Anwesenheit bei oder Ihren Besuch von Stripe-Veranstaltungen und alle weiteren Interaktionen mit Mitarbeitenden von Stripe.
Foren und Diskussionsgruppen.
Sofern unsere Websites das Posten von Inhalten gestatten, erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie im Zusammenhang mit ihrem Beitrag bereitstellen.
b. Verwendung personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Verwendung personenbezogener Daten verwenden wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten:
Verbesserung und Entwicklung unserer Dienstleistungen.
Auf unseren Websites verwenden wir Analysewerkzeuge zum Verständnis Ihrer Nutzung unserer Websites und Dienste und zur Diagnose technischer Probleme. Weitere Informationen zu Ihren Möglichkeiten, die Verwendung von Cookies und Drittpartei-Analysen zu kontrollieren, finden Sie in unserer
Cookie Policy
. Darüber hinaus erfassen und verarbeiten wir personenbezogene Daten auch über unsere verschiedenen Dienste, unabhängig davon, ob Sie Endnutzer/in, Endkundin oder Endkunde, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, um unsere Dienste zu verbessern, neue Dienste zu entwickeln und unsere Dienste für Sie relevanter und sinnvoller zu gestalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Kommunikation.
Wir verwenden Ihre Kontaktinformationen zur Erbringung unserer Dienstleistungen, was auch den Versand von Codes per SMS zu Ihrer Authentifizierung beinhalten kann.
Mehr erfahren
. Wenn Sie Endnutzer/in, Vertreter/in oder Besucher/in sind, werden wir anhand der Kontaktdaten, die uns über Sie vorliegen, mit Ihnen kommunizieren, um Ihnen Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen und die unserer Partner zukommen zu lassen, Sie zur Teilnahme an unseren Veranstaltungen, Umfragen oder Nutzer-Research-Aktivitäten einzuladen oder anderweitig mit Ihnen gemäss geltendem Recht für Marketingzwecke zu kommunizieren, einschliesslich allfälliger Zustimmungs- oder Opt-out-Erfordernisse. Wenn Sie uns beispielsweise Ihre Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung stellen oder wenn wir Ihre geschäftlichen Kontaktdaten durch Ihre Teilnahme an Messen oder anderen Veranstaltungen erheben, können wir diese Daten verwenden, um mit Ihnen bezüglich einer Veranstaltung in Kontakt zu treten, Ihnen die angeforderten Informationen über unsere Dienstleistungen zur Verfügung zu stellen und Sie in unsere Marketing-Informationskampagnen einzubeziehen. Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, können wir unsere Gespräche mit Ihnen aufzeichnen, um unsere Dienste zu erbringen, unseren rechtlichen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen, Forschung und Qualitätssicherung zu betreiben und die Gespräche für Schulungszwecke zu nutzen.
Social Media und Werbeaktionen
. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten übermitteln, um ein Angebot, ein Programm oder eine Werbeaktion in Anspruch zu nehmen, verwenden wir die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zur Verwaltung des Angebots, des Programms oder der Werbeaktion. Wir verwenden die von Ihnen bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten zusammen mit den personenbezogenen Daten, die Sie auf Social-Media-Plattformen zur Verfügung stellen, auch für Marketingzwecke, es sei denn, wir sind dazu nicht berechtigt.
Betrugsprävention und Sicherheit.
Wir erheben und verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um betrügerische oder schädigende Aktivitäten in unseren Diensten zu erkennen und zu steuern, unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen zur Betrugserkennung bereitzustellen und um unsere Dienste und Transaktionen vor unbefugtem Zugriff, unbefugter Nutzung, Manipulation oder Veruntreuung von personenbezogenen Daten, Informationen und Geldern zu schützen. Wir erheben Daten von Dritten (beispielsweise Kreditauskunfteien) und über die von uns angebotenen Dienste im Rahmen der Betrugsprävention, Betrugserkennung, Sicherheitsüberwachung und Compliance-Massnahmen für Stripe und seine Geschäftskunden. In bestimmten Fällen können wir auch Daten über Sie direkt von Ihnen oder von unseren Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartnern und anderen Dritten zu denselben Zwecken erheben. Darüber hinaus können wir zum Schutz unserer Dienste Informationen wie IP-Adressen und andere identifizierende Daten über potenzielle Sicherheitsbedrohungen von Drittparteien beziehen.
Mehr erfahren
. Derartige Informationen helfen uns bei Identitätsverifizierungen und Bonitätsprüfungen, soweit dies gesetzlich zulässig ist, sowie bei der Betrugsprävention. Darüber hinaus können wir Technologien einsetzen, um das potenzielle Betrugsrisiko bei Personen, die unsere Geschäftsdienstleistungen in Anspruch nehmen wollen, oder das Risiko, das sich aus versuchten Transaktionen von Endkundinnen/Endkunden oder Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern mit unseren Geschäftskunden oder Finanzpartnern ergibt, zu bewerten.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Verpflichtungen.
Wir verwenden personenbezogene Daten, um unsere vertraglichen und gesetzlichen Verpflichtungen zur Geldwäschereibekämpfung, zur KYC-Gesetzgebung («Know Your Customer»), zur Terrorismusbekämpfung, zum Schutz gefährdeter Kundinnen und Kunden, zur Exportkontrolle und zum Verbot von Geschäften mit eingeschränkten Personen oder in bestimmten Geschäftsbereichen sowie andere gesetzliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zum Beispiel können wir Transaktionsmuster und andere Online-Signale analysieren und diese Erkenntnisse nutzen, um Betrug, Geldwäscherei und andere unlautere Aktivitäten zu erkennen, die Stripe, unsere Finanzpartner, Endnutzer/innen, unsere Geschäftskunden und andere betreffen könnten.
Mehr erfahren
. Sicherheit und Rechtskonformität unserer Dienste haben für uns oberste Priorität. Die Erhebung und Verwendung personenbezogener Daten ist für diese Zwecke unerlässlich.
Minderjährige.
Unsere Dienste richten sich nicht an Kinder unter 13 Jahren. Deshalb bitten wir diese, keine personenbezogenen Daten zu übermitteln, um Dienste direkt von Stripe zu beziehen. In bestimmten Ländern können wir nach geltendem Recht auch höhere Altersgrenzen festlegen.
c. Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten.
Zusätzlich zu der oben beschriebenen Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten geben wir diese auf die im Folgenden aufgeführten Arten weiter:
Mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an andere mit Stripe verbundene Unternehmen für die in dieser Erklärung genannten Zwecke weiter.
Dienstleister oder Auftragsverarbeiter.
Um unsere Dienste bereitstellen, bekanntmachen, vermarkten und bewerben zu können, arbeiten wir mit Dienstleistern zusammen. Diese Dienstleister erbringen wichtige Leistungen – von der Bereitstellung der Cloud-Infrastruktur über die analytische Auswertung von Geschwindigkeit, Genauigkeit und/oder Sicherheit unserer Dienste und die Identitätsverifizierung bis hin zu Kundenservice und Audit-Funktionen. Diesen Dienstleistern ist die Verwendung oder Offenlegung der von uns bereitgestellten personenbezogenen Daten gestattet, um Dienstleistungen in unserem Namen zu erbringen und geltende rechtliche Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen. Zudem werden diese Dienstleister von uns vertraglich verpflichtet, die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten. Die Mehrheit der Dienstleister, deren Dienste wir in Anspruch nehmen, befindet sich in der EU, den Vereinigten Staaten und in Indien.
Mehr erfahren
.
Finanzpartner.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten an bestimmte Finanzpartner weiter, um Geschäftskunden die gewünschten Dienste anbieten zu können und um bestimmte Dienste in Verbindung mit diesen Finanzpartnern anzubieten. So geben wir beispielsweise bestimmte personenbezogene Daten über Vertreter/innen, wie Kreditrückzahlungsdaten und Kontaktinformationen, an institutionelle Anleger weiter, die Kredite kaufen oder anbieten, die durch die von uns gewährten Kapitaldarlehen an die Geschäftskunden, mit denen sie assoziiert sind, gesichert sind.
Andere mit Einwilligung.
In manchen Fällen bieten wir eine Dienstleistung nicht an, sondern verweisen Sie stattdessen an andere (wie beispielsweise Dienstleistungsunternehmen, mit denen wir zur Bereitstellung des Atlas-Dienstes zusammenarbeiten). In diesen Fällen werden wir die Identität der Drittpartei und die Informationen, die an diese weitergegeben werden sollen, offenlegen und Sie um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, diese Informationen weiterzugeben.
Unternehmenstransaktionen.
Im Rahmen einer vollständigen oder teilweisen tatsächlichen oder beabsichtigten Umstrukturierung unseres Unternehmens durch Sanierung, Fusion, Verkauf, Joint-Venture, Abtretung, Übertragung oder Führungswechsel oder im Fall einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Veräusserung unseres Unternehmens, unserer Vermögenswerte oder Aktienbestände können wir personenbezogene Daten an Dritte weitergeben. Wird Stripe ganz oder teilweise von einem anderen Unternehmen erworben, ist dieses Unternehmen dazu berechtigt, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin zu verwenden. Dies darf jedoch nur in Einklang mit dieser Datenschutzerklärung geschehen.
Einhaltung gesetzlicher Vorschriften und Schadensabwehr.
Wir geben personenbezogene Daten weiter, wenn wir der Meinung sind, dass dies notwendig ist, um geltendes Recht einzuhalten, um die von den Finanzpartnern im Zusammenhang mit der Nutzung ihrer Zahlungsmethode auferlegten Regeln einzuhalten, um unsere vertraglichen Rechte durchzusetzen, um die Dienste, Rechte, den Datenschutz, die Sicherheit und das Eigentum von Stripe, Ihnen und anderen zu sichern und zu schützen, einschliesslich gegen unlautere oder betrügerische Aktivitäten, und um auf rechtmässige Anfragen von Gerichten, Strafverfolgungsbehörden, Aufsichtsbehörden und anderen öffentlichen und staatlichen Stellen zu reagieren, zu denen auch Stellen ausserhalb Ihres Wohnsitzlandes gehören können.
3. Rechtsgrundlagen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
Für die Zwecke der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) und anderer geltender Datenschutzgesetze stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf eine Reihe von Rechtsgrundlagen.
Mehr erfahren
. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können zusätzliche Rechtsgrundlagen gelten, die im Abschnitt
Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
weiter unten erläutert werden.
a. Vertragliche und vorvertragliche Geschäftsbeziehungen.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um Geschäftsbeziehungen mit potenziellen Geschäftskunden und Endnutzerinnen/Endnutzern einzugehen und unsere jeweiligen vertraglichen Verpflichtungen mit ihnen zu erfüllen. Zu diesen Verarbeitungstätigkeiten zählen:
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe-Konten und Anmeldedaten für Stripe-Konten, einschliesslich der Prüfung von Anfragen zur erstmaligen oder erweiterten Nutzung der von uns erbrachten Dienste;
Erstellung und Verwaltung von Stripe Checkout-Konten;
Aktivitäten im Rahmen von Buchhaltung, Auditing und Abrechnung; sowie
Zahlungsabwicklung und damit zusammenhängende Aktivitäten wie Betrugserkennung, Verlustprävention, Transaktionsoptimierung, Mitteilungen über solche Zahlungen und damit zusammenhängende Kundendienstaktivitäten.
b. Rechtskonformität.
Wir verarbeiten personenbezogene Daten, um die Identität von natürlichen und juristischen Personen zu verifizieren, um Verpflichtungen im Zusammenhang mit Betrugsüberwachung, -prävention und -erkennung, Gesetzen im Zusammenhang mit der Identifizierung und Meldung illegaler und rechtswidriger Aktivitäten, beispielsweise im Rahmen der Vorschriften zur Geldwäschereibekämpfung (AML – Anti-Money Laundering) und zur Kundenidentifizierung (KYC – Know Your Customer), sowie Finanzberichterstattungspflichten nachzukommen. So kann es beispielsweise erforderlich sein, die Identität eines Geschäftskunden zu erfassen und zu überprüfen, um Vorschriften zur Verhinderung von Geldwäscherei, Betrug und Finanzkriminalität einzuhalten. Diese Rechtsvorschriften können uns dazu verpflichten, Rechenschaft gegenüber Dritten abzulegen und uns Prüfungen durch Dritte zu unterziehen.
c. Berechtigte Interessen.
Soweit nach geltendem Recht zulässig, stützen wir uns bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unsere berechtigten Geschäftsinteressen. Die folgende Liste enthält Beispiele für Geschäftszwecke, für die wir ein berechtigtes Interesse an der Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten haben:
Erkennung, Verfolgung und Verhinderung von betrügerischen Handlungen und nicht autorisierten Zahlungsvorgängen;
Minimierung finanzieller Verluste, Ansprüche, Verbindlichkeiten oder anderer Schäden für Endkundinnen/Endkunden, Endnutzer/innen, Geschäftskunden, Finanzpartner und Stripe;
Feststellung der Eignung für neue Stripe-Dienstleistungen sowie deren Angebot (
Mehr erfahren
);
Beantwortung von Anfragen, Zustellung von Servicemeldungen und Erbringung von Kundensupport;
Vermarktung, Analyse, Änderung und Verbesserung unserer Dienste, Systeme und Tools sowie die Entwicklung neuer Produkte und Dienste, einschliesslich der Verbesserung der Zuverlässigkeit der Dienste;
Verwaltung, Betrieb und Verbesserung der Leistung unserer Websites und Dienste mit Hilfe von Informationen über ihre Effektivität und die Optimierung unserer digitalen Ressourcen;
Analyse und Bewerbung unserer Dienste und damit verbundene Verbesserungen;
Gesamtanalysen und Entwicklung von Business-Intelligence-Lösungen, die uns dabei unterstützen, unsere Geschäftstätigkeiten auszuführen und zu schützen, fundierte Entscheidungen zu treffen und über die Leistung unseres Unternehmens zu berichten;
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an die Drittpartei-Dienstleister, die in unserem Namen Dienste anbieten, und an Geschäftspartner, die uns bei der Ausübung und Optimierung unserer Geschäftstätigkeit unterstützen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Gewährleistung der Netzwerk- und Informationssicherheit bei Stripe und den von Stripe erbrachten Diensten; sowie
Weitergabe personenbezogener Daten an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen.
d. Einwilligung.
Bei der Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten in Bezug auf unsere Interaktionen mit Ihnen und die Bereitstellung unserer Dienste wie Link, Financial Connections, Atlas und Identity können wir uns auf Ihre Einwilligung oder ausdrückliche Einwilligung stützen. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung verarbeiten, haben Sie das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit zu widerrufen, ohne dass dies Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmässigkeit der Verarbeitung hat, die auf der Grundlage der Einwilligung vor deren Widerruf erfolgt ist.
e. Erhebliches öffentliches Interesse.
Wir können besondere Kategorien personenbezogener Daten im Sinne der DSGVO verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung aus Gründen eines wichtigen öffentlichen Interesses und im Einklang mit geltendem Recht erforderlich ist, beispielsweise, wenn wir Überprüfungen politisch exponierter Personen vornehmen. Ferner können wir auch personenbezogene Daten im Zusammenhang mit strafrechtlichen Verurteilungen und Straftaten verarbeiten, wenn eine solche Verarbeitung durch geltendes Recht autorisiert ist, beispielsweise, wenn wir ein Sanktionsscreening durchführen, um den AML- und KYC-Verpflichtungen nachzukommen.
4. Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten
Je nach Standort und geltendem Recht haben Sie im Hinblick auf unsere Erhebung, Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten bestimmte Wahlmöglichkeiten:
a. Abmeldung von der elektronischen Kommunikation mit uns.
Wenn Sie keine marketingbezogenen E-Mails mehr von uns erhalten möchten, können Sie sich abmelden, indem Sie auf den in diesen E-Mails enthaltenen Abmeldelink klicken oder wie
hier
beschrieben vorgehen. Wir werden versuchen, Ihre Anfrage schnellstmöglich zu bearbeiten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir uns das Recht vorbehalten, mit Ihnen über die von Ihnen in Anspruch genommenen Dienste zu kommunizieren (beispielsweise über Support und wichtige rechtliche Hinweise), auch wenn Sie sich gegen den Erhalt marketingbezogener E-Mails von uns entscheiden. Trotzdem können Geschäftskunden Ihnen Nachrichten schicken oder uns anweisen, Ihnen in ihrem Namen Nachrichten zu schicken.
b. Ihre Datenschutzrechte.
Je nach Ihrem Standort und den dort geltenden Gesetzen haben Sie unter Umständen folgende Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie gespeichert haben:
Das Recht auf Auskunft darüber, ob Stripe personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet, die mit Ihnen assoziiert sind, und wenn ja, Zugang zu diesen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe zur Berichtigung und Aktualisierung von falschen, unvollständigen oder veralteten personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, unter bestimmten, gesetzlich festgelegten Umständen von Stripe die Löschung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, Stripe unter bestimmten Umständen (beispielsweise während der Bearbeitung eines anderen von Ihnen eingebrachten Antrags wie etwa eines Antrags auf Berichtigung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten) zur Einschränkung der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten aufzufordern;
Das Recht darauf, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die wir vorhalten, an ein anderes Unternehmen exportieren, sofern dies technisch möglich ist;
Das Recht, Ihre Einwilligung zu widerrufen, wenn die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf der Grundlage Ihrer früheren Einwilligung erfolgt;
Das Recht, der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu widersprechen, wenn wir Ihre Daten auf der Grundlage unserer berechtigten Interessen verarbeiten; sofern keine zwingenden berechtigten Gründe vorliegen oder die Verarbeitung aus rechtlichen Gründen erforderlich ist, werden wir die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nach Erhalt Ihres Widerspruchs einstellen (
Mehr erfahren
);
Das Recht darauf, wegen der Ausübung dieser Rechte nicht diskriminiert zu werden; und
Das Recht darauf, gegen jede diese Rechte betreffende Entscheidung von Stripe Widerspruch einzulegen, indem Sie sich an die Datenschutzbeauftragten von Stripe («DSB») unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden.
Je nach geltendem Recht haben Sie möglicherweise weitergehende Rechte in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten. Beispiele finden Sie im Abschnitt «Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen» unter «Vereinigte Staaten» weiter unten.
c. Verfahren zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte
Besuchen Sie zur Ausübung Ihrer Datenschutzrechte unser
Datenschutzcenter
oder kontaktieren Sie uns wie unten beschrieben.
5. Sicherheit und Aufbewahrung
Wir treffen geeignete Vorkehrungen, um ein Schutzniveau zu gewährleisten, das dem Risiko bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten angemessen ist. Dazu setzen wir organisatorische, technische und administrative Massnahmen ein, um die personenbezogenen Daten, die unter diese Erklärung fallen, vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen.
Mehr erfahren
. Leider ist kein Datenübertragungs- oder Speichersystem absolut sicher.
Wir empfehlen, uns beim Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu unterstützen. Wenn Sie ein Stripe-Konto besitzen, können Sie dies durch die Verwendung eines sicheren Passworts, den Schutz Ihres Passworts vor unbefugter Nutzung und die Vermeidung der mehrfachen Verwendung der Anmeldedaten für Ihr Stripe-Konto auch bei anderen Diensten oder Konten tun. Wenn Sie den Verdacht haben, dass Ihre Interaktionen mit uns nicht mehr sicher sind (z. B. wenn Sie glauben, dass die Sicherheit Ihres Stripe-Kontos nicht mehr gewährleistet ist),
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte umgehend.
Wir halten Ihre personenbezogenen Daten so lange vor, wie wir Ihnen oder unseren Geschäftskunden die Dienste zur Verfügung stellen, oder für einen Zeitraum, bei dem wir vernünftigerweise davon ausgehen, dass wir die Dienste weiterhin anbieten. Auch nachdem wir die Bereitstellung von Diensten für Sie oder einen Geschäftskunden, mit dem Sie in Geschäftsbeziehung stehen, eingestellt haben, und auch nachdem Sie Ihr Stripe-Konto geschlossen oder eine Transaktion mit einem Geschäftskunden abgeschlossen haben, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weiterhin aufbewahren, um:
unseren rechtlichen und regulatorischen Verpflichtungen nachzukommen,
Aktivitäten zur Betrugsüberwachung, -aufdeckung und Verlustprävention zu ermöglichen, und
zur Erfüllung unserer steuerlichen, buchhalterischen und finanzwirtschaftlichen Berichtspflichten, einschliesslich der Fälle, in denen eine solche Aufbewahrung durch unsere vertraglichen Vereinbarungen mit unseren Finanzpartnern vorgeschrieben ist (und in denen die Aufbewahrung von Daten durch die von Ihnen verwendeten Zahlungsmethoden vorgeschrieben ist).
In den Fällen, in denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten aufbewahren, tun wir dies in Übereinstimmung mit allen Verjährungsfristen und Aufzeichnungspflichten, die uns durch geltendes Recht auferlegt werden.
Mehr erfahren
.
6. Internationale Datenübermittlung
Für uns als globales Unternehmen ist es manchmal notwendig, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder als Ihr eigenes zu übermitteln, einschliesslich der Vereinigten Staaten. In diesen Ländern gelten unter Umständen andere Datenschutzbestimmungen als in Ihrem Land. Bei der grenzüberschreitenden Übermittlung von Daten ergreifen wir Massnahmen zur Einhaltung geltender Datenschutzrechte in Bezug auf eine solche Übermittlung. In bestimmten Situationen kann es erforderlich sein, dass wir personenbezogene Daten auf rechtmässige Anfrage von Behörden (beispielsweise Strafverfolgungs- oder Sicherheitsbehörden) hin offenlegen müssen.
Mehr erfahren
.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum («EWR»), im Vereinigten Königreich («UK») oder in der Schweiz ansässig sind, finden Sie weitere Informationen in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
. Wenn das geltende Recht einen Datenübertragungsmechanismus verlangt, verwenden wir einen oder mehrere der folgenden Mechanismen:
Übermittlungen in bestimmte Länder oder an Empfänger, die nach geltendem Recht anerkanntermassen ein angemessenes Schutzniveau für personenbezogene Daten bieten.
Die von der Europäischen Kommission genehmigten EU-Standardvertragsklauseln und das vom UK Information Commissioner's Office herausgegebene Zusatzprotokoll zum internationalen Datentransfer. Sie können ein Exemplar der einschlägigen Standardvertragsklauseln erhalten.
Mehr erfahren
.
Weitere rechtmässige Methoden, die uns nach geltendem Recht zur Verfügung stehen.
Stripe, Inc. hält sich an das EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework («EU-U.S. DPF»), die UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF und das Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, wie vom U.S. Department of Commerce festgelegt und soweit anwendbar.
Mehr erfahren
.
7. Aktualisierungen und Benachrichtigungen
Wir können diese Richtlinie von Zeit zu Zeit ändern, um neue Dienste, Änderungen unserer Datenschutzpraktiken oder der relevanten Gesetze widerzuspiegeln. Die Legende „Letzte Aktualisierung“ oben in dieser Richtlinie zeigt an, wann diese Richtlinie zuletzt überarbeitet wurde. Alle Änderungen treten in Kraft, sobald wir die überarbeitete Richtlinie zu den Diensten veröffentlicht oder auf andere Weise über die Aktualisierung informiert haben, wie dies gesetzlich vorgeschrieben ist, je nachdem, welcher der Zeitpunkt später ist.
Wir können Ihnen Offenlegungen und Warnungen bezüglich der Richtlinie oder erhobener personenbezogener Daten durch Veröffentlichung auf unserer Website und, wenn Sie ein Endnutzer oder Vertreter sind, durch Kontaktaufnahme mit Ihnen über Ihr Stripe Dashboard, Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und/oder die in Ihrem Stripe-Konto angegebene physische Adresse zukommen lassen.
8. Zuständigkeitsabhängige Bestimmungen
Australien.
Sollten Sie in Australien ansässig sein und mit unserer Bearbeitung von Beschwerden, die Sie im Rahmen dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorbringen, unzufrieden sein, können Sie sich an das Office of the Australian Information Commissioner wenden.
Brasilien.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. In Brasilien ansässige Personen, für die das Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais («LGPD») gilt, haben die in Artikel 18 des LGPD festgelegten Rechte.
Kanada.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» den Federal Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), den Personal Information Protection Act, SBC 2003 c 63 in British Columbia, den Personal Information Protection Act, SA 2003 c P-6.5 in Alberta und den Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Data in the Private Sector, CQLR c P-39-1 (Quebec Private Sector Act) in Quebec. «Personenbezogene Daten» umfasst «persönliche Informationen» gemäss der Definition in diesen Gesetzen.
Quebec.
Der Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe ist für personenbezogene Daten im Sinne des Quebec Private Sector Act verantwortlich. Sie können per E-Mail unter privacy@stripe.com mit ihm Kontakt aufnehmen. Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten von in Quebec ansässigen Personen erheben, können wir diese Daten an Rechenzentren in den Vereinigten Staaten übertragen. Dienstleister, die wir zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten einsetzen, können auch ausserhalb von Quebec ansässig sein.
Sie haben das Recht, Zugang zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie speichern, sowie ihre Berichtigung zu verlangen oder Ihre Einwilligung in die Verarbeitung dieser personenbezogenen Daten zu widerrufen. Sie können diese Rechte ausüben, indem Sie sich unter privacy@stripe.com an den Chief Privacy Officer von Stripe wenden. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind, sollten Sie sich zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte an den Geschäftskunden wenden, mit dem Sie Geschäfte getätigt haben.
EWR und Vereinigtes Königreich.
Zur Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Wenn Sie im EWR ansässig sind oder wenn Stripe Payments Europe Limited als Ihr Datenverantwortlicher identifiziert wird und Sie glauben, dass unsere Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung (DSGVO) widerspricht, können Sie Ihre Fragen oder Beschwerden an die irische Datenschutzkommission richten. Wenn Sie im Vereinigten Königreich ansässig sind, richten Sie Ihre Fragen oder Bedenken an das UK Information Commissioner's Office. Wenn personenbezogene Daten für regulierte Finanzaktivitäten in Europa verwendet werden, gelten Stripe Payments Europe Limited und die lokalen regulierten Unternehmen von Stripe als gemeinsam Verantwortliche.
Mehr erfahren
. Ausserdem haben Sie zusätzliche Rechte gemäss EU-U.S. DPF und UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.
Mehr erfahren
.
Indien.
In dieser Erklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» den Digital Personal Data Protection Act (DPDPA), sobald dieser in Kraft getreten ist. Darüber hinaus schliesst der Begriff «Datenverantwortlicher» auch «Datentreuhänder» und der Begriff «betroffene Person» auch «Auftraggeber» ein, jeweils gemäss der Definition im DPDPA.
In einigen Fällen können wir uns auf die «berechtigte Verwendung» als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, sofern dies nach DPDPA zulässig ist. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen. «Consent Manager» im Sinne des DPDPA können einen Antrag auf Widerruf oder Erteilung der Einwilligung stellen, indem sie die im folgenden Abschnitt «Kontakt» beschriebenen Methoden verwenden, oder wie im folgenden Absatz beschrieben, oder über andere Mittel, die Stripe in Zukunft zur Verfügung stellt. Bevor wir eine solche Anfrage bearbeiten, können wir einen Autorisierungs- und Identitätsnachweis verlangen.
In bestimmten Fällen können Sie aufgefordert werden, der Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihrer Aadhaar-Nummer durch Stripe India Private Limited und/oder seine(n) Verifizierungspartner zuzustimmen. Der Zweck dieser Erhebung besteht darin, das nach geltendem Recht vorgeschriebene Identifikationsverifizierungsverfahren zu erleichtern. Die Angabe Ihrer Aadhaar-Daten ist freiwillig. Sie können auch andere Identifikationsdokumente bereitstellen, sofern diese von uns akzeptiert werden. Ihnen wird kein Dienst verweigert werden, wenn Sie keine Aadhaar-Angaben machen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden bezüglich der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Indien haben oder wenn Sie diese Erklärung erhalten oder mit uns über den Datenschutz in einer der indischen Amtssprachen kommunizieren möchten,
wenden Sie sich bitte an unseren Nodal and Grievance Officer
.
Mehr erfahren
. Alternativ können Sie sich an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten unter
dpo@stripe.com
wenden. Falls wir nicht in der Lage sind, auf Ihre Beschwerde oder Ihr Anliegen einzugehen, haben Sie das Recht, die Angelegenheit zum Data Protection Board of India weiterzuleiten.
Indonesien.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» das Gesetz Nr. 11 aus dem Jahr 2008, geändert durch das Gesetz Nr. 19 aus dem Jahr 2016 über elektronische Informationen und Transaktionen, die Regierungsverordnung Nr. 71 aus dem Jahr 2019 über die Einführung elektronischer Systeme und Transaktionen sowie die Verordnung des Ministers für Kommunikation und Informatik Nr. 20 aus dem Jahr 2016 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten in elektronischen Systemen und ab September 2024 das Gesetz Nr. 27 aus dem Jahr 2022 über den Schutz personenbezogener Daten (PDP-Gesetz). Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Japan.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» den Act on the Protection of Personal Information (APPI). Wenn wir personenbezogene Daten betroffener Personen in Japan in Länder übermitteln, die von der Kommission für den Schutz personenbezogener Daten nicht als «angemessen» anerkannt sind, schliessen wir schriftliche Verträge mit Drittparteien ab, die sich ausserhalb Japans befinden. Diese schriftlichen Verträge sehen Rechte und Pflichten vor, die denen des japanischen Act on the Protection of Personal Information entsprechen. Weitere Informationen darüber, wie wir sicherstellen, dass Drittparteien Ihre Daten schützen und wo sich Ihre Daten befinden, erhalten Sie oben oder von uns wie unten beschrieben. Einen Beschrieb ausländischer Systeme und Rahmenwerke, welche die Implementierung gleichwertiger Massnahmen durch die Drittpartei beeinflussen können, finden Sie
hier
. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem APPI zulässig, können wir uns auf das «öffentliche Interesse» als Rechtsgrundlage berufen, wie beispielsweise bei der Aufdeckung von Betrug und der Verhinderung von Verlusten.
Malaysia.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Singapur.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» den Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) (Nr. 26 von 2012) in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung. In einigen Fällen und soweit nach dem PDPA zulässig, können wir uns auf eine «mutmassliche Einwilligung» als Rechtsgrundlage stützen. Dies ist zum Beispiel der Fall, wenn Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten freiwillig zur Verfügung stellen.
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Schweiz.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff «geltendes Recht» das Bundesgesetz über den Datenschutz (DSG) in seiner revidierten Fassung. Zur Ausübung Ihrer Rechte nach dem DSG wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten. Unter Umständen haben Sie auch zusätzliche Rechte im Rahmen des Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, sobald dieses in Kraft tritt.
Mehr erfahren
.
Thailand.
In dieser Datenschutzerklärung umfasst der Begriff «anwendbares Recht» den Personal Data Protection Act 2019 (PDPA). Sind wir auf bestimmte Rechtsgrundlagen angewiesen (beispielsweise «gesetzliche Verpflichtung» oder «vertragliche Notwendigkeit») und stellen Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht zur Verfügung, können wir Ihnen möglicherweise unsere Dienste nicht rechtmässig anbieten. Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben, wenden Sie sich bitte unter
dpo@stripe.com
an unsere Datenschutzbeauftragten.
Vereinigte Staaten.
Wenn Sie in den Vereinigten Staaten («USA») ansässige/r Verbraucher/in sind, verarbeiten wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten gemäss den US-Datenschutzgesetzen, einschliesslich California Consumer Privacy Act («CCPA»), Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, Florida Digital Bill of Rights, Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act, Oregon Consumer Privacy Act, Texas Data Privacy and Security Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act sowie Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Weitere Einzelheiten finden Sie
hier
. Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Stripe, einschliesslich Werbe-Cookies, ist in unserer
Cookie Policy
beschrieben.
Ihre Rechte und Wahlmöglichkeiten.
Als Verbraucher in den Vereinigten Staaten haben Sie – vorbehaltlich bestimmter Einschränkungen durch die Datenschutzgesetze der Vereinigten Staaten – gegebenenfalls Wahlmöglichkeiten in Bezug auf die Verwendung und Offenlegung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns (
Weitere Informationen
über die Metriken für die Rechte betroffener Personen). Zusätzlich zu den
oben genannten Rechten
:
Ausübung des Auskunftsrechts: Sie haben das Recht, zusätzliche Informationen über die Kategorien personenbezogener Daten anzufordern, die erhoben, verkauft, offengelegt oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Zwecke, für die diese personenbezogenen Daten erhoben, verkauft oder weitergegeben wurden; über die Kategorien der Quellen personenbezogener Daten; und über die Kategorien von Drittparteien, denen gegenüber wir diese personenbezogenen Daten offengelegt oder an sie weitergegeben haben.
Ausübung des Rechts, den Verkauf oder die Weitergabe abzulehnen: Wir geben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten nicht gegen Zahlung an Drittparteien weiter. Allerdings können wir Ihre Daten, wie oben angemerkt, an Drittparteien weitergeben, beispielsweise an Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Produkte und Dienste unterstützen. Da diese Drittparteien die von Stripe gelieferten Daten für ihre eigenen Zwecke verwenden können, könnte die Lieferung von Daten durch Stripe an diese Parteien als «Verkauf» oder «Weitergabe» von Daten im Sinne des CCPA und anderer geltender US-Datenschutzgesetze betrachtet werden. Sie können sich
hier
gegen gezielte Werbung und den damit verbundenen «Verkauf» oder die «Weitergabe» von Daten entscheiden.
Ausübung des Rechts, die Nutzung oder Weitergabe sensibler personenbezogener Daten einzuschränken: Wir verkaufen keine sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten im Sinne der US-Datenschutzgesetze und haben dies auch in den letzten 12 Monaten nicht getan. Weitere Informationen zu unserer Erhebung und Verwendung sensibler personenbezogener Daten in den letzten 12 Monaten finden Sie
hier
.
Um einen Antrag zur Ausübung eines der oben beschriebenen Rechte zu stellen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte über einen der im Abschnitt «Kontakt» unten beschriebenen Wege. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Rechte nach einigen Gesetzen der US-Bundesstaaten nicht für personenbezogene Daten gelten, die wir erheben, verarbeiten und weitergeben, wenn Sie als Verbraucher/in Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen von Stripe für private Zwecke beziehen. Der bundesweite Gramm-Leach Bliley Act kann regeln, wie Stripe diese Daten stattdessen weitergibt und schützt. Weitere Informationen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung für US-Verbraucher/innen
.
Wir werden Ihre Anfrage verifizieren, indem wir Sie bitten, sie von der in Ihrem Konto hinterlegten E-Mail-Adresse aus zu senden, oder indem wir Informationen von Ihnen verlangen, die zur Überprüfung Ihrer Identität erforderlich sind, einschliesslich Name, Adresse, Transaktionshistorie, Lichtbildausweis und sonstige mit Ihrem Konto verbundene Informationen.
Sie können schriftlich oder durch eine Vollmacht eine bevollmächtigte Vertreterin/einen bevollmächtigten Vertreter benennen, die/der in Ihrem Namen Anfragen einreicht, um Ihre Rechte gemäss dem CCPA auszuüben. Ihre Vertreterin/Ihr Vertreter kann eine Anfrage in Ihrem Namen einreichen, indem er/sie sich mit uns über die im Abschnitt «Kontaktaufnahme» beschriebenen Wege in Verbindung setzt. Wir können Sie trotzdem auffordern, Ihre Identität direkt zu verifizieren und zu bestätigen, dass Sie der bevollmächtigten Vertreterin/dem bevollmächtigten Vertreter die Berechtigung erteilt haben, Ihre Anfrage zu übermitteln.
Global-Privacy-Control-Signale.
Stripe beachtet die Signale der Global Privacy Control (GPC) zur Opt-out-Einstellung.
Mehr erfahren
.
9. Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Beschwerden zu dieser Datenschutzerklärung haben,
kontaktieren Sie uns
bitte. Wenn Sie Endkundin/Endkunde sind (d. h. eine Privatperson, die mit einem Geschäftskunden geschäftlich zu tun hat oder Transaktionen tätigt), lesen Sie bitte die Datenschutzerklärungen oder -hinweise des Geschäftskunden, um sich über seine Datenschutzpraktiken, Wahlmöglichkeiten und Kontrollen zu informieren, oder wenden Sie sich direkt an den Geschäftskunden.
10. Datenschutzhinweise für US-Verbraucher/innen
Die folgenden Datenschutzhinweise für Verbraucher/innen gelten für Sie, wenn Sie eine natürliche Person mit Wohnsitz in den Vereinigten Staaten sind und Finanzdienstleistungen von Stripe in erster Linie für Ihre eigenen privaten Zwecke in Familie und Haushalt nutzen.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 16. Januar 2024
FAKTEN
WAS MACHT STRIPE MIT IHREN PERSONENBEZOGENEN DATEN?
Warum?
Finanzunternehmen entscheiden, wie sie Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben.  Bundesgesetze berechtigen Verbraucher/innen, einige, aber nicht alle Formen der Weitergabe einzuschränken.  Darüber hinaus sind wir durch Bundesgesetze dazu verpflichtet, Sie darüber zu informieren, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben, weitergeben und schützen.  Bitte lesen Sie diese Hinweise sorgfältig durch, um sich über unsere Tätigkeit zu informieren.
Was?
Die Arten personenbezogener Daten, die wir erheben und weitergeben, hängen vom Produkt oder Dienst ab, den Sie bei uns in Anspruch nehmen. Diese Daten können Folgendes umfassen:
Sozialversicherungsnummer
Kontaktangaben
Kontostand und Transaktionsverlauf
Details und Verlauf von Zahlungen, Transaktionen und Käufen
Wenn Sie
nicht länger
unsere Kundin/unser Kunde sind, geben wir Ihre Daten weiterhin wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben weiter.
Wie?
Alle Finanzunternehmen müssen zur Abwicklung ihrer Geschäfte personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben. Im folgenden Abschnitt führen wir die Gründe auf, aus denen Finanzunternehmen personenbezogene Daten ihrer Kunden weitergeben können, die Gründe, aus denen Stripe sich für eine Weitergabe entscheidet, und ob Sie diese Weitergabe einschränken können.
Gründe, aus denen wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben können
Weitergabe durch Stripe?
Können Sie die Weitergabe einschränken?
Für unsere laufenden Geschäftszwecke, z. B. um Ihre Transaktionen zu bearbeiten, Ihre Konten zu führen, auf gerichtliche Anordnungen und Ermittlungen zu reagieren oder um an Kreditauskunfteien zu berichten
Ja
Nein
Für unsere Marketingzwecke: um Ihnen unsere Produkte und Dienstleistungen anzubieten
Ja
Nein
Für die gemeinsame Vermarktung mit weiteren Unternehmen der Finanzbranche
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen und Erfahrungen
Ja
Nein
Für die laufenden Geschäftszwecke unserer verbundenen Unternehmen: Informationen über Ihre Bonität
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für unsere verbundenen Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Link-Nutzer/in sind
Ja
Ja
Für nicht verbundene Unternehmen, um an Sie zu vermarkten, wenn Sie Nutzer/in von Financial Connections sind
Nein
Keine Weitergabe durch uns
Zur Einschränkung unserer Weitergabe
Besuchen Sie uns online unter
https://support.link.com
Bitte beachten Sie:
Wenn Sie Neukundin/Neukunde sind, dürfen wir mit der Weitergabe Ihrer Daten 30 Tage nach dem Versand dieser Hinweise beginnen. Wenn Sie nicht länger Kundin/Kunde sind, setzen wir die Weitergabe Ihrer Daten wie in diesen Hinweisen beschrieben fort.
Sie können sich jedoch jederzeit an uns wenden, um unsere Weitergabe einzuschränken.
Fragen?
Sie können uns jederzeit unter
privacy@stripe.com
kontaktieren oder auf
https://support.link.com
besuchen
Wer wir sind
Wer gibt diese Hinweise?
Stripe, Inc. und Stripe Payments Company sowie deren verbundene Unternehmen, die in den USA Zahlungen für Verbraucher/innen anbieten.
Was wir tun
Wie schützt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugtem Zugriff, Zerstörung, Verlust, Veränderung oder Missbrauch zu schützen, setzen wir im Einklang mit dem US-Bundesrecht entsprechende Sicherheitsmassnahmen ein.  Zu diesen Massnahmen zählen Computerschutzmassnahmen sowie gesicherte Unterlagen und Gebäude.  Wir kontrollieren den Zugang und führen eine ständige Überwachung durch, um Datenmissbrauch zu verhindern. Von unseren Dienstleistern verlangen wir, dass sie vergleichbare Massnahmen zum Schutz Ihrer Daten ergreifen.
Wie erhebt Stripe meine personenbezogenen Daten?
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zum Beispiel, wenn Sie
ein Link-Konto eröffnen,
Stripe mit der Abwicklung einer Zahlung für Waren oder Dienstleistungen beauftragen,
Stripe über Financial Connections Bankkontodaten zur Verfügung stellen.
Wir erheben Ihre personenbezogenen Daten auch von anderen, beispielsweise von verbundenen oder anderen Unternehmen.
Warum kann ich nicht die gesamte Weitergabe einschränken?
Das Bundesrecht erlaubt Ihnen nur,
die Weitergabe von Bonitätsangaben für die laufenden Geschäfte der verbundenen Unternehmen zu beschränken,
die Verwendung Ihrer Daten durch verbundene Unternehmen zu beschränken, die an Sie vermarkten,
die Weitergabe an nicht verbundene Unternehmen einzuschränken, die an Sie vermarkten.
Bundesstaatliche Gesetze und einzelne Unternehmen können Ihnen zusätzliche Rechte zur Einschränkung der Weitergabe einräumen. Im nachfolgenden Abschnitt «Weitere wichtige Informationen» finden Sie weitere Informationen zu Ihren Rechten nach bundesstaatlichem Recht.
Was geschieht, wenn ich die Weitergabe für ein Konto einschränke, das ich gemeinsam mit einer anderen Person unterhalte?
Die von Ihnen getroffenen Entscheidungen gelten für alle Kontoinhaber/innen.
Definitionen
Verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Kontrolle verbunden sind. Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu unseren verbundenen Unternehmen zählen solche, die unter dem Namen Stripe agieren, wie Stripe Payments Europe, Limited und Stripe Payments UK Ltd.
Nicht verbundene Unternehmen
Unternehmen, die nicht durch gemeinsames Eigentum oder gemeinsame Kontrolle verbunden sind.  Dies können sowohl Finanz- als auch Nichtfinanz-Unternehmen sein.
Zu den nicht verbundenen Unternehmen, an die wir personenbezogene Daten weitergeben, gehören Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste oder Funktionen erbringen, Geschäftskunden, mit denen Sie Transaktionen durchführen, Partner, mit denen wir Daten austauschen, um Ihnen Dienste bereitzustellen, sowie Werbepartner, Analyseanbieter und soziale Netzwerke, die uns bei der Werbung für unsere Dienste unterstützen.
Gemeinsames Marketing
Eine förmliche Vereinbarung zwischen nicht verbundenen Finanzunternehmen, die gemeinsam Finanzprodukte oder -dienstleistungen an Sie vermarkten.
Zu unseren Partnern für gemeinsames Marketing gehören Unternehmen aus der Finanzbranche, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, um Ihnen Finanzdienstleistungen anzubieten.
Weitere wichtige Informationen
Vermont: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Vermont verknüpft ist, werden wir keine Informationen über Ihre Kreditwürdigkeit an unsere verbundenen Unternehmen weitergeben und Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihre Kreditauskunft oder Ihre Gesundheitsinformationen nicht an nicht verbundene Dritte weitergeben, um an Sie zu vermarkten – es sei denn, dies ist nach dem Gesetz von Vermont zulässig, oder Sie ermächtigen uns, diese Offenlegungen vorzunehmen.  Für gemeinsames Marketing geben wir nur Ihren Namen, Ihre Kontaktinformationen und Informationen über Ihre Transaktionen weiter.  Weitere Informationen zu unseren Datenschutzbestimmungen finden Sie in unserer
Datenschutzerklärung
und in unserem
Datenschutzcenter
.
Kalifornien: Wenn Ihr Konto bei uns mit einer Rechnungsadresse in Kalifornien verknüpft ist, geben wir personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben, nur in dem Umfang weiter, der nach kalifornischem Recht zulässig ist.  Beispielsweise können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten offenlegen, soweit dies erforderlich ist, um Transaktionen zu verarbeiten oder von Ihnen angeforderte Produkte und Dienstleistungen auf Ihre Anfrage hin bereitzustellen, wenn dies zur Risikokontrolle des Finanzinstituts erforderlich ist, und um uns gegen Betrug, Identitätsdiebstahl und nicht autorisierte Transaktionen zu schützen.
Weitere Informationen über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken finden Sie im
Stripe-Datenschutzcenter
.
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.dealfront.com/privacy-notice/:
Dealfront Acquires WiredMinds: A Big Step Forward in Website Visitor Intelligence
Learn more
Learn more
Privacy Notice
Introduction
A) Overview
B) Comprehensive Privacy Notice
C) Data Sharing
D) Integration Disclosure
E) Changes to our Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice for customers and users of Dealfront pursuant to Article 13 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
(February 2024)
Introduction
Dealfront Group GmbH and its affiliates, including but not limited to Dealfront Germany GmbH and Dealfront Finland Oy, (in the following "Dealfront", “we”, “our”, “us”) takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. With this privacy notice (“
Privacy Notice
”), we want to inform the public and data subjects about the nature, extent, and purpose of the personal data collected, used, and processed by us pursuant to Article 13 of the GDPR and inform data subjects about their rights.
Dealfront also operates one of the largest search engines/crawlers in the world for the provision of its services. Data and information that are publicly available on the Internet are thereby automatically collected. This processing may also affect personal data that is not collected directly from the data subject. Therefore, we have also developed the document
Privacy Information for Data Subject
to inform data subjects pursuant to Article 14 of the GDPR. (see
https://marketing.dealfront.com/privacy-information-for-data-subjects-en.pdf
)
This Privacy Notice is structured as follows: In the
overview (A)
we provide an overview of our privacy practices related to our services and our platform as well as your rights. In the second part, we explain in detail the
processing operations
carried out by us (
B)
, their respective data scope, purpose, and associated legal bases. In the third part you receive information about how and when we share data with third parties
(C)
.
Dealfront has implemented numerous measures to ensure the protection of personal data. For more information, visit our
online privacy center
at:
https://www.dealfront.com/privacy-center
A) Overview
In this Privacy Notice, we use the terms defined in Article 4 of the GDPR: personal data, data subject, processing, restriction of processing, pseudonymisation, controller, processor, recipient, third parties, and consent. Since Dealfront is a company specialising in data processing in the Business-to-business (B2B) sector, we have also defined other terms that are intended to help you understand the following explanations:
Publicly available data
means all data, information, and entries which are accessible or viewable for everyone via
public sources
directly (e.g. by a link) or indirectly (e.g. by a query). Examples of public sources are: websites, news portals, press or blog articles, publicly shared posts and profiles from social media, as well as public databases of specialist portals, job boards, forums, the commercial register, the Federal gazette, or Wikipedia.
Business related data
is data that is associated with a business or an organisation. For example, a change of management notification may include the name of the company and the manager; a press release may include the contact of the press representative; include a public social media profile (e.g. LinkedIn or XING) with the name of the employer and mention a product rating of the manufacturer concerned.
A1) The controller / data protection officer
For the purposes of this Privacy Notice, the data controller of the personal data collected, processed and stored through the platform, or through the communication platforms related thereto, is Dealfront Group GmbH, with registered office at Durlacher Allee 73, D-76131 Karlsruhe, Germany (hereinafter "Data Controller").
You can always contact the Data Controller by e-mail at:
privacy@dealfront.com
.
For any questions regarding the data processing carried out in the context of using the platform or our services and products, may also contact Henri
Markkanen, the group data protection officer ("DPO") designated by Dealfront at any time by email:
dpo@dealfront.com
.
A2) How and when do we obtain personal data from you?
Dealfront may collect personal data from you in the following circumstances:
Data collected by automated means such as cookies or similar technologies when you visit the
Dealfront website or use Dealfront’s services
(for additional information see here:
https://www.dealfront.com/cookies-and-tracking/
)
Data collected from you when you
create an account, complete a form, contact us directly or subscribe to our services
Data you provide us
about others
in your organisation or data that others have provided about you.
A3) Legal bases for data processing?
We process personal data in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations, namely the GDPR:
a) for the fulfilment of contractual obligations pursuant to Article 6 para. 1 lit. b of the GDPR
We process your personal data in the context of the performance of our contracts with our customers, users and/or applicants or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. The purposes of the data processing are based primarily on the specific product and may include, but are not limited to, general communication about our services, analysis and consulting for the purpose of creating an offer, support or consulting, the provision of online software, or the processing of application documents.
b) if we have a legitimate interest pursuant to Article 6 para. 1 lit. f of the GDPR
If necessary, we may process your personal data prior to the initiation or fulfilment of a contract or beyond if we have a legitimate interest in doing so. Legitimate interests include:
Operation of our website and optimisation of our offers on the Internet
Analysis and optimisation of customer journeys and  procedures
Advertising, marketing, and sales, insofar as you have not objected to the use of your data for this purpose
Market and opinion research, insofar as you have not objected to the use of your data for this purpose
Asserting legal claims and defence in legal disputes
Ensuring IT security and IT operations; elimination of errors and malfunctions
Prevention of crime
Measures for business and risk management and controlling
Further development of services and products
Event management
c) on the basis of your consent pursuant to Article 6 para. 1 lit. a of the GDPR
Certain processing activities (e.g. the receipt of newsletter, downloads of whitepapers or other materials) are based on your consent. Consent given can be revoked at any time.
d) in case we are legally required to process your data (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c of the GDPR)
Insofar as Dealfront is required by law to process certain data, personal data may also be affected.
A4) Deletion and retention periods
We process and store your personal information as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of our contractual and legal obligations. It should be noted that our business relationship is a continuing obligation, which is intended for several years. If the data are no longer required for the fulfilment of contractual or legal obligations, these are regularly deleted unless the consent given also extends beyond the end of the contract or a balance of interests comes to the conclusion that a legitimate interest of Dealfront exists for further storage which outweighs the interests of the data subject.
A5) How do we share the data?
We may share data as follows:
within the Dealfront group in order to provide you the requested services and products
with service providers that perform services or handle transaction on our behalf
other parties when we are required to do so by law or as necessary to protect our rights, or in the context of corporate transactions.
A6) Rights of data subjects
You may be entitled to exercise some or all of the following rights:
require (i) information as to whether your personal data is retained and (ii) access to and/or duplicates of your personal data retained, including the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the data recipients as well as potential retention periods;
request rectification, removal or restriction of your personal data, e.g. because (i) it is incomplete or inaccurate, (ii) it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, or (iii) the consent on which the processing was based has been withdrawn;
refuse to provide and – without impact to data processing activities that have taken place before such withdrawal – withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data at any time;
object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, that your personal data shall be subject to a processing. In this case, please provide us with information about your particular situation. After the assessment of the facts presented by you we will either stop processing your personal data or present you our compelling legitimate grounds for an ongoing processing;
take legal actions in relation to any potential breach of your rights regarding the processing of your personal data, as well as to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulators;
require (i) to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and (ii) to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from our side; where technically feasible you shall have the right to have the personal data transmitted directly from us to another controller; and/or
not to be subject to any automated decision making, including profiling (automatic decisions based on data processing by automatic means, for the purpose of assessing several personal aspects) which produce legal effects on you or affects you with similar significance.
You may (i) exercise the rights referred to above or (ii) pose any questions or (iii) make any complaints regarding our data processing by contacting at:
privacy@dealfront.com
.
If you want to lodge a complaint with the official data protection authority, please visit the website
https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de/
for more information.
A7) Non-use of "profiling"
Profiling
describes a type of automated processing of personal data that consists in assessing, analysing, or predicting certain personal aspects such as health or personal preferences and which produces legal effects on the data subject. Dealfront does not use such profiling.
B) Comprehensive Privacy Notice
When you visit our platform, use our services or contact us directly, we obtain various types of data related to you and your use of our services. This data may include information that directly identifies you such as your name or contact details as well as identifiers (e.g. your IP address) or cookie-level data that may indirectly identify you. The information we obtain generally consists of (B1) automatically collected data about your interactions with our platform and our services or (B2) data you provide us about yourself or we directly collect from you or (B3) data you provide us about others in your organisation or (B4) data that others have provided us with about you.
B1) Information automatically collected
If you are visiting our websites or accessing our applications, we collect the following information provided by your browser or mobile device: pages accessed, time of visit and time of last visit, frequency of recurring visits, IP address, name of the owner of the IP address, domain or provider of IP address, referrer (site/service/queries that led you to our website), browser information, device information.
Such data is collected and processed for different purposes such as:
to deliver the contents of our websites and apps correctly,
to optimise the content of our website, enhance user experience and to advertise our services and products,
to ensure the permanent functioning of our systems and the technology of our website,
to provide law enforcement with information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyber-attack, and
to facilitate the access to and the use of our services.
The legal basis for the processing of the data collected in this way is Article 6 para. 1 lit. f (legitimate interest in aforementioned purposes) as well as Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR (performance of a contract if such processing is necessary in order to provide you access to our services and products via the platform).
To collect such data, we use cookies and similar technologies. For more information about cookies and other technologies used by us please see here:
https://www.dealfront.com/cookies-and-tracking/
.
B2) Information provided by you
If you contact Dealfront, if you send us an email or inquiry, or if you wish to use certain offers and services of our company, the processing of your personal data may be necessary. Examples include:
You request a whitepaper, a price list, or another document.
You sign up to receive our newsletter.
You contact our service team or our sales team.
You apply for one of our job advertisements.
You contact us during a lecture, trade fair or similar event.
You are testing software or an app and sharing your data with us.
In such cases, the following personal data may be collected directly from you:
name, job title, affiliation
email address, phone number or other contact details
billing and payment information
user information from integrated tools
messages with our support and sales teams
metadata related to your request or inquiry
search queries and results of such queries
other data uploaded by you to our systems
In these cases, we process your personal data for the following purposes:
B2.1) To provide you with our services and products (Art, 6 (1) lit. b GDPR)
Such services may include:
processing your requests and inquiries on our platform,
deliver platform/website content to you
providing customer assistance and IT support, and/or
providing online learning content to you.
B2.2) To communicate with you
We may communicate with you via different means, such as by post, email, personal contact, messenger or chat systems or social media. The communication purposes may include:
sending you service-related messages and notifications (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (our legitimate interest in marketing and sales of our products and services);
sending you our newsletter (Art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR);
responding to your questions or addressing your requests (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR);
sending you materials you have requested (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR);
sending you payment or billing related information (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR) and to fulfil our legal obligations regarding accounting and bookkeeping (Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR in conjunction with Sec. 257 (4) of the German Commercial Code)
in conjunction with job applications and the application procedure (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR and Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR).
B2.3) To protect our rights or the rights of others
This may include activities like:
Detecting and preventing fraud or illegal activities or misuse of our services (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR);
Backing up our systems (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (our legitimate interest in IT security and recovery of our data));
Performing audits, testing, assessments or other troubleshooting activities (Art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR (our legitimate interest in IT security and recovery of our data));
Complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements (Art. 6 (1) lit. c GDPR);
Collecting and recovering money owed to us (Art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR).
B2.4) For advertising and marketing activities (Art. 6 (1) lit. f (legitimate interest in marketing our products and services) GDPR
These activities include:
Developing, managing and executing advertising and marketing campaigns, promotions and offers related to our services, products and our platform;
Interest-based advertising. We use online and offline information obtained from you for interest-based advertising and marketing activities. To learn more about this, please also refer to our cookie notice.
B3) Information provided by you about third parties
You may provide information about other people, such as the name and email of a contact who you want to invite as a user to our services and products. These third parties may include team members or colleagues in your organisation or external agencies with whom you are, in accordance with our terms and conditions, authorised to give access to our services. Such information may include the name, job title and contact information. Do not give us information about others unless you are authorised or have their permission to do so. We will use their information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
B4) Information provided about you by third parties
Others may have provided us with information about you, such as your name and contact details either because they wanted to invite you as a user to our services or products or in the context of verifying your information for the use of or in the context of our services. We inform and ask anyone sharing information with us not to give us such information about others unless they are authorised or have the respective data subjects permission and knowledge to do so. We will use your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
C) Data Sharing
C1) Recipients
We may share data with the following recipients:
C1.1) Dealfront group
In order to offer you comprehensive support and to ensure an ongoing high quality of our services and products, Dealfront Group GmbH relies on the assistance of Dealfront Germany GmbH and Dealfront Finland Oy (each a “Joint Controller” and together the “Joint Controllers”). The legal basis for such processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b as well as Art. 6 (1) lit. f (legitimate interest in providing and improving our services). In accordance with Art. 26 of the GDPR, the Joint Controllers have entered into a Joint Controller Agreement stipulating in a transparent manner their respective responsibilities with regard to compliance with their obligations under the GDPR. The essential content of the Agreement is available here:
https://marketing.dealfront.com/essential-content-of-the-joint-controller-agreement-en.pdf
.
In addition, we may share data with other affiliates for marketing or customer support purposes. Such processing activity is based on Art. 28 GDPR in conjunction with a data processing agreement concluded with the respective affiliates.
C.1.2) Service Providers
Dealfront doesn’t sell your data to our service providers. We may share some data with some companies that help us provide our services (for example accounting or job application tools). The legal basis for this data transfer and processing activity is Art. 28 GDPR in conjunction with a data processing agreement concluded with the respective service provider. These service providers are only allowed to use the data shared with them for the specific task they’ve been hired to do.:
Web analysis service providers
Advertising service providers
Map Services / Maps
CDN / Content Delivery Networks
Video Player
Screensharing / Video Chats
Tools for communication
Contact data management / CRM tools
Job application tools
Accounting tools
Cloud Storage and Hosting Providers
Online learning systems and tools
As our business operates globally, the service providers mentioned above may occasionally reside outside the jurisdiction where you are based. Further details on this matter can be found below (see C2).
C.1.3) Legal Disclosure
We may disclose your personal data to comply with legal requirements and obligations, including court orders or to comply with legitimate requests from law enforcement agencies or regulators.
C.1.4) Change of ownership
We may disclose your personal data in the event of an acquisition, merger or other transaction to the new owner
C2) Cross Border Data Transfers
Dealfront operates globally, however, data provided by you and processed by us in the context of providing our services to you is exclusively stored and processed on servers within the European Union.
We also strive to have all our service providers be based within the EEA/EU. Thus, only in rare cases and as part of our data sharing activities mentioned above (see (C)), we may need to transfer your personal data to other countries, including those outside the European Economic Area (EEA), which may have different data protection standards than your country of residence. We will ensure that your personal data is adequately protected when shared with such service providers.
In the event of a transfer outside of the EEA, we use EU Standard Contractual Clauses or (where applicable) rely on adequacy decisions as a safeguard in compliance with Article 46 of the GDPR. For more information on these safeguards, please visit
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en
or contact our Group Data Protection Officer at
dpo@dealfront.com
.
D) Integration Disclosure
You may choose to use Dealfront’s Google Ads integration in order to enable you to gain valuable insights into your advertising campaigns and track and improve their effectiveness. We use the Google OAuth protocol for authentication without requiring you to share your login credentials with us. OAuth also allows secure access to the user’s data.
Dealfront’s use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Dealfront does not transfer information received from Google APIs to any third party or app without your consent. Provided that you have consented, the non-personal data received from Google APIs will be used to provide you with the services as well as for security (e.g. fraud prevention) and analytical purposes.
E) Changes to our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Notice to ensure continued compliance with legal requirements or to reflect changes to our services in the Privacy Notice.
We use cookies!
At Dealfront, we use cookies and tracking to support our website & applications.
Find out more about why we use them & how they work
.
Learn more
Cookie settings
Allow cookies
❮
❯
Categories
Cookie declaration
Cookies are categorized with a description of their purpose below. You can turn categories of cookies on or off at your discretion. When cookies that have previously been allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Learn more
Allow cookies

Necessary cookies
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
CookieHub
CookieHub is a Consent Management Platform (CMP) which allows users to control storage and processing of personal information.
Privacy Policy
cookiehub
Cloudflare
Cloudflare is a global network designed to make everything you connect to the Internet secure, private, fast, and reliable.
__cf_bm
__cf_bm

Preferences
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Intercom
Customer service solution that combines an AI chatbot, help desk, and proactive support.
Privacy Policy
intercom-id-*
intercom-session-*
intercom-device-id-*

Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic.
Privacy Policy
_ga_*
_ga
Hotjar
Hotjar is a product experience insights platform that gives you behavior analytics and feedback data to help you empathize with and understand your customers.
_hjSessionUser_*
_hjSession_*

Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Google Ads
Google Ads is an advertising service by Google for businesses that want to display ads on Google search results and its advertising network.
Privacy Policy
_gcl_au
Facebook Pixel
A piece of code that lets businesses measure, optimise and build audiences for advertising campaigns.
Privacy Policy
_fbp
LinkedIn Insight
The LinkedIn Insight tag powers conversion tracking, website audiences, and website demographics within the LinkedIn system.
Privacy Policy
bcookie
lidc
li_gc
AnalyticsSyncHistory
UserMatchHistory
bscookie
Microsoft Ads
Microsoft Advertising (formerly Bing Ads) is a service that provides pay per click advertising on the Bing, Yahoo!, and DuckDuckGo search engines.
Privacy Policy
_uetsid
_uetvid
MUID
MSPTC
Leadfeeder
Leadfeeder is a B2B visitor identification software that tracks and identifies companies that visit a website.
Privacy Policy
_lfa_consent
_lfa
_lfa_consent
Visual Website Optimizer
_vwo_uuid_v2
Cookies used on the site are categorized and below you can read about each category and allow or deny some or all of them. When categories than have been previously allowed are disabled, all cookies assigned to that category will be removed from your browser.
Additionally you can see a list of cookies assigned to each category and detailed information in the cookie declaration.
Learn more
Some cookies are required to provide core functionality. The website won't function properly without these cookies and they are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Necessary cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
__cf_bm
.g2crowd.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
cookiehub
.dealfront.com
CookieHub
365 days
Used by CookieHub to store information about whether visitors have given or declined the use of cookie categories used on the site.
_vwo_sn
.dealfront.com
1 hour
Stores session-level information. (VWO)
_vis_opt_s
.dealfront.com
100 days
The number of times the browser was closed and reopened. Tracks sessions created for a user. (VWO)
_vis_opt_test_cookie
.dealfront.com
Session
Session cookie generated to detect if the cookies are enabled on the browser of the user or not. It also helps in tracking the number of browser sessions a visitor has gone through. (VWO)
__cf_bm
.activehosted.com
Cloudflare, Inc.
1 hour
The __cf_bm cookie supports Cloudflare Bot Management by managing incoming traffic that matches criteria associated with bots. The cookie does not collect any personal data, and any information collected is subject to one-way encryption.
Preference cookies enables the web site to remember information to customize how the web site looks or behaves for each user. This may include storing selected currency, region, language or color theme.
Preferences
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
lidc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
1 day
Used by LinkedIn for routing.
li_gc
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
180 days
Used by LinkedIn to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes
intercom-id-
.dealfront.com
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company
270 days, 1 hour
Anonymous visitor identifier cookie.
intercom-session-
.dealfront.com
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company
7 days
Identifier for each unique browser session and is used to keep track of sessions.
intercom-device-id-
.dealfront.com
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company
270 days, 1 hour
Used by Intercom Messenger to store identifier for each unique device that interacts with the Messenger. Intercom uses this cookie to determine the unique devices interacting with the Intercom Messenger to prevent abuse.
Analytical cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage.
Analytical cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_lfa
.dealfront.com
Dealfront
365 days
Used by Leadfeeder to collect behavioral data of all website visitors. This includes: pages viewed, visitor source and time spent on the site.
MUID
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
Microsoft User Identifier tracking cookie used by Bing Ads. It can be set by embedded microsoft scripts. Widely believed to sync across many different Microsoft domains, allowing user tracking.
bcookie
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
This is a Microsoft MSN 1st party cookie for sharing the content of the website via social media.
_ga_
.dealfront.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics 4 to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_ga
.dealfront.com
Google
400 days
Contains a unique identifier used by Google Analytics to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
_hjSessionUser_
.dealfront.com
Hotjar
365 days
Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID.
_hjSession_
.dealfront.com
Hotjar
1 hour
Used by Hotjar to hold current session data.
_vwo_uuid_v2
.dealfront.com
Visual Website Optimizer
366 days
Calculates Unique Traffic On a website
_vwo_uuid
.dealfront.com
365 days, 6 hours
It generates a unique id for every visitor and is used for the report segmentation feature in VWO, and it also allows you to view data in a more refined manner. (VWO)
_vwo_ds
.dealfront.com
30 days
Stores persistent user-level data for Track (goals, funnels) and Analyze (heatmaps, recordings, form analytics) (VWO)
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites to allow publishers to display relevant and engaging advertisements. By enabling marketing cookies, you grant permission for personalized advertising across various platforms.
Marketing cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_uetsid
.dealfront.com
Microsoft
1 day
This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
.dealfront.com
Microsoft
390 days
Used by Microsoft Advertising to store a unique, anonymized visitor ID to personalize marketing.
_gcl_au
.dealfront.com
Google Advertising Products
90 days
Used by Google AdSense to understand user interaction with the website by generating analytical data.
slireg
www.dealfront.com
7 days
Salesloft cookie for use in live website tracking to help identify and qualify leads.
prism_
prism.app-us1.com
30 days
Used by ActiveCampaign to track visitors across marketing channels.
slirequested
www.dealfront.com
365 days
Salesloft cookie for use in live website tracking to help identify and qualify leads.
sliguid
www.dealfront.com
365 days
Salesloft cookie for use in live website tracking to help identify and qualify leads.
MSPTC
.bing.com
Microsoft
390 days
AnalyticsSyncHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Used by LinkedIn to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries
UserMatchHistory
.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
30 days
Contains a unique identifier used by LinkedIn to determine that two distinct hits belong to the same user across browsing sessions.
bscookie
.www.linkedin.com
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company
365 days
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_fbp
.dealfront.com
Meta Platforms
90 days
Facebook Pixel advertising first-party cookie. Used by Facebook to track visits across websites to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
prism_
.dealfront.com
30 days
Used by ActiveCampaign to track visitors across marketing channels.
The cookies in this category have not yet been categorized and the purpose may be unknown at this time.
Other cookies
Name
Hostname
Vendor
Expiry
_lfa_consent
.dealfront.com
Dealfront
365 days
tcfc
.dealfront.com
400 days
tcfc
.echobot.de
400 days
_lfa_consent
www.dealfront.com
Dealfront
365 days
growSumoPartnerKey
.dealfront.com
90 days
ps_partner_key
.dealfront.com
90 days
gsxid
.dealfront.com
90 days
ps_xid
.dealfront.com
90 days
dd_anonymous_id
.dealfront.com
365 days
_vis_opt_exp_70_combi
.dealfront.com
100 days
_vis_opt_exp_71_combi
.dealfront.com
100 days
_vis_opt_exp_72_combi
.dealfront.com
100 days
Save settings