Effective Date: Oct 11, 2019
Your privacy is important to Kinkr and always has been. So we've developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we use and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how information is collected, used and disclosed by Kinkr. With respect to your access and use of Kinkr's services, whether through our websites (located at Kinkr), Kinkr's mobile applications (Kinkr) or in connection with social networking services (together referred to below as "Kinkr" or the "Service").
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information that we collect from Users of the Kinkr Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our Terms of Service, which outline the terms and conditions you agree to when accessing and using the Kinkr Services. By accessing and using the Kinkr Software and/or by registering and using the Kinkr Services, you agree and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Kinkr or an Kinkr affiliated company. Kinkr and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Kinkr may collect and how we may use it:
What  personal information we may collect
When you create a Kinkr ID, purchase a  product, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a  variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number,  email address, contact preferences, and other information you provide.
When you share your content with friends  using Kinkr products, or invite others to participate in Kinkr services, Kinkr may  collect the information you provide about those people such as email address. Kinkr  will use such information to fulfill your requests, provide the relevant  product or service, or for anti-fraud purposes.
In the U.S. and some countries, we may ask  for a government issued ID in limited circumstances including when setting up a  wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of managing reservations,  or as required by law.
How  we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows  us to keep you posted on Kinkr’s software updates, and upcoming events. If you  don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out by reply the email.
We also use personal information for loss  prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
We may use your personal information,  including date of birth, to verify identity, assist with identification of  users, and to determine appropriate services. For example, we may use date of  birth to determine the age of Kinkr ID account holders.
From time to time, we may use your personal  information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases  and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is  important to your interaction with Kinkr, you may not opt out of receiving these  communications.
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or  similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those  programs.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal  Information
We also collect data in a form that does  not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may  collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.  The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and  how we may use it:
We may collect information such as  language, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where a Kinkr  product is used so that we can improve our products, services, and advertising.
We may collect and store details of how you  use our services, including search queries. This information may be used to  improve the relevancy of results provided by our services. Except in limited  instances to ensure quality of our services over the Internet, such information  will not be associated with your IP address.
If we do combine non-personal information  with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal  information for as long as it remains combined.
Cookies  and Other Technologies
Kinkr’s websites, online services,  interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use “cookies”  and other technologies. These technologies help us better understand user  behavior, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and  facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We  treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non‑personal information. However, to the extent that  Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as  personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is  combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as  personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
As is true of most internet services, we  gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This  information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and  language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit websites and  applications, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information to understand and  analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the  site, to improve our services, and to gather demographic information about our  user base as a whole. Kinkr may use this information in our marketing and  advertising services.
Others
It may be necessary − by law, legal  process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities  within or outside your country of residence − for Kinkr to disclose your personal  information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that  for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public  importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you  if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms  and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event  of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal  information we collect to the relevant third party.
Protection  of Personal Information
Kinkr takes the security of your personal  information very seriously. Kinkr protect your personal information during  transit using encryption. Data is stored in encrypted form including when we  utilize third-party storage.
When you use some Kinkr services, or  applications or post on other forum, chat room, or social networking service,  the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and  can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal  information you choose to share or submit in these instances. For example, if  you list your Kinkr ID and email address in a forum posting, that information is  public. Please take care when using these features.
We may decline to process requests that are  frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely  impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.
Children Children under the age of 18, or  equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, are not permitted to  create Kinkr IDs. This service for adults only.
Location-Based  Services
To provide location-based services on Kinkr  products, Kinkr and licensees may collect, use, and share precise location data,  including the real-time geographic location of your Kinkr device. Where  available, location-based services may use GPS, Bluetooth, and your IP Address,  along with crowd-sourced Wi-Fi hotspot and cell tower locations, and other  technologies to determine your devices’ approximate location. Unless you  provide consent, this location data is collected anonymously in a form that  does not personally identify you and is used by Kinkr and our partners and  licensees to provide and improve location-based products and services.
Third
‑
Party Sites and Services
Kinkr websites, applications, and services  may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Information  collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or  contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to  learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
International  Users
All the information you provide may be  transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this  Privacy Policy. Kinkr abides by the “safe harbor” frameworks set forth by the  U.S.
Our Companywide Commitment to Your Privacy
To make sure your personal information is  secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Kinkr employees and  strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
Privacy  Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about  Kinkr’s Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a  complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us. All  such communications are examined and replies issued where appropriate as soon  as possible.
Kinkr may update its Privacy Policy from time  to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted  on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.