Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Yumeville inc (hereinafter referred to as “the Company”) has developed a free app called “Doko?” This service is provided by the Company at no cost and is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform users (hereinafter referred to as “Users”) regarding our policies on the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information for anyone who decides to use our service.

By choosing to use our service, Users agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and improving the service. We will not use or share Users’ information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Doko?, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
To provide a better service, we may require Users to provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to device ID and geographic location, while using our service. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this Privacy Policy. This app uses third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Please refer to the privacy policies of the third-party service providers used by this app for more information.
•
Google Play Services
•
AdMob
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our service, provide the service on our behalf, perform service-related tasks, or assist us in analyzing how our service is used. We want to inform Users that these third parties have access to their personal information. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

We value your trust in providing us with your personal information and strive to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policies of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we recommend that you review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@yumeville.com.