PRIVACY POLICY
The responsible body within the meaning of the data protection laws, in particular the EU General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO), is:
FELFEL AG
Emanuel Steiner
Räffelstrasse 24
8045 Zurich
Phone: +41 43 544 28 69
E-mail:
privacy@felfel.ch
Website:
felfel.ch
GENERAL NOTE
Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution and the data protection provisions of the Swiss Confederation (Data Protection Act, DSG), every person has the right to protection of their privacy as well as protection against misuse of their personal data. The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
In cooperation with our hosting providers, we strive to protect the databases as well as possible against unauthorised access, loss, misuse or falsification.
We would like to point out that data transmission on the Internet (e.g. communication by e-mail) can have security gaps. Complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
By using this website, you consent to the collection, processing and use of data as described below. This website can generally be visited without registration. In the process, data such as pages called up or the name of the file called up, date and time are stored on the server for statistical purposes without this data being directly related to your person. Personal data, in particular name, address or e-mail address, are collected on a voluntary basis as far as possible. The data will not be passed on to third parties without your consent.
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. A data subject is a person about whom personal data is processed. Processing includes any handling of personal data, regardless of the means and procedures used, in particular the storage, disclosure, acquisition, deletion, storage, modification, destruction and use of personal data.
We process personal data in accordance with Swiss data protection law. Furthermore, we process personal data in accordance with the following legal bases in connection with Art. 6 para. 1 DSGVO - insofar as and to the extent that the EU-DSGVO is applicable:
lit. a) Processing of personal data with the consent of the data subject.
lit. b) Processing of personal data for the fulfilment of a contract with the data subject as well as for the implementation of corresponding pre-contractual measures.
lit. c) Processing of personal data to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject under any applicable law of the EU or under any applicable law of a country in which the GDPR applies in whole or in part.
lit. d) Processing of personal data in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person.
lit. f) Processing of personal data in order to protect the legitimate interests of us or of third parties, unless the fundamental freedoms and rights and interests of the data subject are overridden. Legitimate interests are in particular our business interest in being able to provide our website, information security, the enforcement of our own legal claims and compliance with Swiss law.
We process personal data for the period of time required for the respective purpose or purposes. In the case of longer-term retention obligations due to legal and other obligations to which we are subject, we restrict processing accordingly.
PROCESSING OF LOCATION DATA
We collect and process location data when you sign up for or use the services within the FELFEL App. We do not track your device location when you are not using the FELFEL App, but in order to provide the core services of the FELFEL App, we need to track your device location while you are using the App. If you want to stop tracking your device location, you can adjust this at any time through your device settings.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR COOKIES
This website uses cookies. These are small text files that make it possible to store specific information related to the user on the user's terminal device while the user is using the website. Cookies make it possible, in particular, to determine the frequency of use and number of users of the pages, to analyse behaviour patterns of page use, but also to make our offer more customer-friendly. Cookies remain stored beyond the end of a browser session and can be retrieved when you visit the site again. If you do not wish this, you should set your internet browser to refuse the acceptance of cookies.
A general objection to the use of cookies for online marketing purposes can be declared for a large number of services, especially in the case of tracking, via the US website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the EU website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Furthermore, the storage of cookies can be achieved by deactivating them in the browser settings. Please note that not all functions of this online offer can then be used.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR SSL/TLS ENCRYPTION
This website uses SSL/TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as inquiries that you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR SERVER LOG FILES
The provider of this website automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
Browser type and version
Operating system used
Referrer URL
Host name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
This data cannot be assigned to specific persons. This data is not merged with other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively if we become aware of concrete indications of illegal use.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This website may use Google Maps for embedding maps, Google Invisible reCAPTCHA for protection against bots and spam, and YouTube for embedding videos.
These services of the American Google LLC use cookies, among other things, and as a result, data is transferred to Google in the USA, although we assume that no personal tracking takes place in this context solely through the use of our website.
Google has committed to ensuring adequate data protection in accordance with the US-European and US-Swiss Privacy Shields. Further information can be found in
Google's privacy policy
.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CONTACT FORM
If you send us enquiries via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact details you provide there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up questions. We do not pass on this data without your consent.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR NEWSLETTER DATA
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on this website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter. No further data will be collected. We use this data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
You can revoke your consent to the storage of the data, the e-mail address and their use for sending the newsletter at any time, for example via the "unsubscribe link" in the newsletter.
RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
Right to confirmation
Every data subject has the right to request confirmation from the website operator as to whether personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If you wish to exercise this right of confirmation, you may contact the data protection officer at any time.
Right to information
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to receive information free of charge from the operator of this website about the personal data stored about him or her and a copy of this information at any time. Furthermore, information may be provided about the following information, if applicable:
the processing purposes
the categories of personal data that are processed
the recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed
if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not possible, the criteria for determining this duration
the existence of a right to obtain the rectification or erasure of personal data concerning them or to obtain the restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority
if the personal data are not collected from the data subject: All available information on the origin of the data
Furthermore, the data subject has the right to be informed whether personal data have been transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. If this is the case, the data subject also has the right to obtain information on the appropriate safeguards in connection with the transfer.
If you would like to make use of this right to information, you can contact our data protection officer at any time.
Right of rectification
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right to obtain the rectification without delay of inaccurate personal data relating to him or her. Furthermore, the data subject shall have the right to obtain, taking into account the purposes of the processing, the completion of any incomplete personal data, including by means of a supplementary declaration.
If you would like to make use of this right of correction, you can contact our data protection officer at any time.
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right to obtain from the controller of this website the erasure without delay of personal data concerning him or her, where one of the following grounds applies and insofar as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data were collected or otherwise processed for purposes for which they are no longer necessary
The data subject withdraws the consent on which the processing was based and there is no other legal basis for the processing
The data subject objects to the processing on grounds relating to his or her particular situation and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing in the case of direct marketing and related profiling.
The personal data have been processed unlawfully
The erasure of the personal data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject
The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered directly to a child
If one of the above reasons applies and you wish to arrange for the deletion of personal data stored by the operator of this website, you can contact our data protection officer at any time. The data protection officer of this website will arrange for the deletion request to be complied with immediately.
Right to restrict processing
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right to obtain from the controller of this website the restriction of processing if one of the following conditions is met:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data
The processing is unlawful, the data subject objects to the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of the use of the personal data
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data subject needs it for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims
The data subject has objected to the processing on grounds relating to his or her particular situation and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate interests of the controller override those of the data subject
If one of the above conditions is met and you wish to request the restriction of personal data stored by the operator of this website, you can contact our data protection officer at any time. The data protection officer of this website will arrange the restriction of the processing.
Right to data portability
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to receive the personal data concerning him or her in a structured, common and machine-readable format. They also have the right to have this data transferred to another controller if the legal requirements are met.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have the right to obtain the direct transfer of the personal data from one controller to another controller, where technically feasible and provided that this does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of other persons.
To assert the right to data portability, you can contact the data protection officer appointed by the operator of this website at any time.
Right to object
Any person concerned by the processing of personal data has the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning him or her.
The operator of this website shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or if the processing serves the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
To exercise your right to object, you can contact the data protection officer of this website directly.
Right to revoke consent under data protection law
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to revoke a given consent to the processing of personal data at any time.
If you wish to exercise your right to withdraw consent, you can contact our data protection officer at any time.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR CONTRADICTION ADVERTISING MAILS
The use of contact data published within the scope of the imprint obligation to send advertising and information material that has not been expressly requested is hereby prohibited. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails.
GOOGLE ADS
This website uses Google conversion tracking. If you have reached our website via an ad placed by Google, Google Ads will set a cookie on your computer. The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on an ad placed by Google. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If the user visits certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognise that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Each Google Ads customer receives a different cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked across Ads customers' websites. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for Ads customers who have opted in to conversion tracking. Clients learn the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information that can be used to personally identify users.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking, you can refuse the setting of a cookie required for this - for example, by means of a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies or by setting your browser in such a way that cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com" are blocked.
Please note that you must not delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not want any measurement data to be recorded. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you must set the respective opt-out cookie again.
USE OF GOOGLE REMARKETING
This website uses the remarketing function of Google Inc. The function is used to present interest-based advertisements to website visitors within the Google advertising network. A so-called "cookie" is stored in the browser of the website visitor, which makes it possible to recognize the visitor when they visit websites that belong to the Google advertising network. On these sites, the visitor can be presented with advertisements that relate to content that the visitor has previously accessed on websites that use Google's remarketing function.
According to its own information, Google does not collect any personal data during this process. However, if you do not wish to use Google's remarketing function, you can deactivate it in principle by making the appropriate settings at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996. Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies for interest-based advertising via the advertising network initiative by following the instructions at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited. If the data controller on this website is located outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland, the Google Analytics data processing is carried out by Google LLC. Google LLC and Google Ireland Limited are hereinafter referred to as "Google".
The statistics obtained enable us to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. This website also uses Google Analytics for a cross-device analysis of visitor flows, which is carried out via a user ID. If you have a Google user account, you can deactivate the cross-device analysis of your usage in the settings there under "My data", "Personal data".
The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DS-GVO. The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code "_anonymizeIp();" in order to ensure anonymised collection of IP addresses. This means that IP addresses are processed in abbreviated form, thus excluding the possibility of personal references. If the data collected about you is related to a person, this is immediately excluded and the personal data is deleted immediately.
Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. For the exceptional cases in which personal data is transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework .
Google Analytics uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is generally transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: Deactivate Google Analytics.
You can also prevent the use of Google Analytics by clicking on this link: Deactivate Google Analytics. This will save a so-called opt-out cookie on your data carrier, which prevents the processing of personal data by Google Analytics. Please note that if you delete all cookies on your terminal device, these opt-out cookies will also be deleted, i.e. you will have to set the opt-out cookies again if you wish to continue to prevent this form of data collection. The opt-out cookies are set per browser and computer/end device and must therefore be activated separately for each browser, computer or other end device.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR GOOGLE ADSENSE
We use Google AdSense on this website. This is an advertising programme of the company Google Inc. In Europe, the company Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street Dublin 4, Ireland) is responsible for all Google services. Google AdSense allows us to display advertisements on this website that match our theme.
Google AdSense uses cookies to serve ads that are relevant to users, to improve campaign performance reports or to prevent a user from seeing the same ads more than once. Google uses a cookie ID to record which ads are displayed in which browser and can thus prevent them from being displayed more than once. In addition, Google AdSense can use cookie IDs to record so-called conversions that are related to ad requests.
This is the case, for example, when a user sees a Google Ads ad and later calls up the advertiser's website with the same browser and buys something there. According to Google, Google Ads cookies do not contain any personal information.
Due to the marketing tools used, your browser automatically establishes a direct connection with Google's server. By integrating Google Ads, Google receives the information that you have called up the corresponding part of our website or clicked on one of our ads. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can assign the visit to your account. Even if you are not registered with Google or have not logged in, it is possible that Google will obtain and store your IP address.
You can prevent participation in this tracking process in various ways:
a. by adjusting your browser software accordingly; in particular, the suppression of third-party cookies will result in you not receiving any third-party ads;
b. by disabling conversion tracking cookies by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain "www.googleadservices.com", https://adssettings.google.com, which setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
c. by deactivating the interest-based ads of the providers that are part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link https://www.aboutads.info/choices, whereby this setting is deleted when you delete your cookies;
d. by permanently deactivating it in your Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browsers under the link https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin . Please note that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website to their full extent.
The legal basis for the processing of your data is a balancing of interests, according to which the processing of your personal data described above is not opposed by any overriding interests on your part (Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO). Further information on Google Ads from Google can be found at https://ads.google.com/intl/de_DE/home/, as well as on data protection at Google in general: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Alternatively, you can visit the website of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at https://www.networkadvertising.org.
GOOGLE TAG MANAGER
Google Tag Manager is a solution with which we can manage so-called website tags via an interface and thus integrate e.g. Google Analytics and other Google marketing services into our online offer. The tag manager itself, which implements the tags, does not process any personal data of the users. With regard to the processing of users' personal data, please refer to the following information on Google services. Usage guidelines: https://www.google.com/intl/de/tagmanager/use-policy.html.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR HUBSPOT
Our website uses Hubspot, a marketing automation software from HubSpot, 2nd Floor 30 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. HubSpot is a software company from the USA with a European branch in Ireland. Hubspot helps us to analyse the use of our portal. Hubspot uses cookies for this purpose.
Certain usage data is linked to your person (e.g. after entry in a registration form) and stored in our CRM. This enables us to send you information and offers tailored to your interests.
In the process, your personal data may also be forwarded to Hubspot servers in the United States (USA). The appropriate level of protection is established by the fact that HubSpot, Inc. participates in the EU-US Privacy Shield Agreement and is certified for compliance with it.
We use Hubspot to provide you with information and offers tailored to your needs. Accordingly, we have a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR in this processing. The legal basis for the processing of your personal data by us in connection with the use of Hubspot is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
When you use Hubspot, we store your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with information and offers tailored to your needs.
The provision of personal data collected via Hubspot is not required by law or contract or necessary for the conclusion of a contract. If you do not provide us with this data, we will not be able to provide you with information and offers tailored to your needs.
For more information on Hubspot's use of data, please see Hubspot's privacy policy at: https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy.
You can object to the use of your data at any time, e.g. by sending an e-mail to our e-mail address in this data protection declaration.
HubSpot is certified under the terms of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and is subject to TRUSTe's Privacy Seal and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework.
For more information on Hubspot's use of data, please see Hubspot's privacy policy at: https://legal.hubspot.com/de/privacy-policy. You can object to the use of your data at any time, e.g. by sending an e-mail to our e-mail address in this data protection declaration. HubSpot is certified under the terms of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and is subject to TRUSTe's Privacy Seal and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework.
More information about HubSpot's privacy policy
More information from HubSpot regarding EU data protection regulations
More information Cookies set by HubSpot in a visitor's browser
More information about the cookies set on the HubSpot websites
PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE USE OF HOTJAR
This website uses the service of Hotjar to improve the user experience. Hotjar Ltd Hotjar Ltd is a European company based in Malta (Hotjar Ltd, Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe). Mouse clicks as well as mouse and scroll movements can be recorded. Keystrokes performed on this website may also be recorded. Personalised information is not recorded. Hotjar uses a tracking code to collect and transmit your data. When you visit our website, the Hotjar tracking code automatically collects data based on your activity and stores it on the Hotjar servers (located in Ireland). In addition, the cookies placed on your computer or terminal device by the website also collect data. For more information on how Hotjar works, visit this page: https://www.hotjar.com/privacy.
If you would like to object to the collection of data by Hotjar (opt-out), please click here: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR FACEBOOK
This website uses functions of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA . When you call up our pages with Facebook plug-ins, a connection is established between your browser and the Facebook servers. In the process, data is already transmitted to Facebook. If you have a Facebook account, this data can be linked to it. If you do not wish this data to be associated with your Facebook account, please log out of Facebook before visiting our site. Interactions, in particular the use of a comment function or the clicking of a "Like" or "Share" button, are also passed on to Facebook. You can find out more at https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR TWITTER
This website uses functions of Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. When you call up our pages with Twitter plug-ins, a connection is established between your browser and the Twitter servers. In the process, data is already transferred to Twitter. If you have a Twitter account, this data can be linked to it. If you do not wish this data to be associated with your Twitter account, please log out of Twitter before visiting our site. Interactions, in particular the clicking of a "Re-Tweet" button, are also passed on to Twitter. You can find out more at https://twitter.com/privacy.
PRIVACY POLICY FOR INSTAGRAM
Functions of the Instagram service are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. If you are logged into your Instagram account, you can link the content of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by Instagram. For more information, please see Instagram's privacy policy:
instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
PRIVACY POLICY FOR LINKEDIN
We use the marketing services of the social network LinkedIn of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland ("LinkedIn") within our online offer.
These use cookies, i.e. text files that are stored on your computer. This enables us to analyse your use of the website. For example, we can measure the success of our ads and show users products they were previously interested in.
This includes, for example, information on the operating system, the browser, the website you previously visited (referrer URL), which websites the user visited, which offers the user clicked on, and the date and time of your visit to our website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is transferred pseudonymously to a LinkedIn server in the USA and stored there. LinkedIn therefore does not store the name or email address of the respective user. Rather, the above-mentioned data is only assigned to the person for whom the cookie was generated. This does not apply if the user has allowed LinkedIn to process the data without pseudonymisation or has a LinkedIn account.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also object to the use of your data directly at LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
We use LinkedIn Analytics to analyse and regularly improve the use of our website. The statistics obtained enable us to improve our offer and make it more interesting for you as a user. All LinkedIn companies have adopted the standard contractual clauses to ensure that the data traffic to the USA and Singapore necessary for the development, implementation and maintenance of the services takes place in a lawful manner. Where we ask users for consent, the legal basis for processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO. Otherwise, the legal basis for the use of LinkedIn Analytics is Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f DSGVO. Third Party Provider Information: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2 Ireland;
User Agreement
and
Privacy Policy
.
NEWSLETTER - MAILCHIMP
The newsletter is sent using the mailing service provider 'MailChimp', a newsletter mailing platform of the US provider Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. You can view the privacy policy of the mailing service provider here. The Rocket Science Group LLC d/b/a MailChimp is certified under the Privacy Shield agreement and thereby offers a guarantee of compliance with the European level of data protection (PrivacyShield). The shipping service provider is used on the basis of our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO and an order processing agreement pursuant to Art. 28 para. 3 p. 1 DSGVO.
The dispatch service provider may use the recipients' data in pseudonymous form, i.e. without assigning it to a user, to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. to technically optimise the dispatch and presentation of the newsletter or for statistical purposes. However, the dispatch service provider does not use the data of our newsletter recipients to write to them itself or to pass the data on to third parties.
USE OF ADOBE FONTS
We use Adobe Fonts for the visual design of our website. Adobe Fonts is a service provided by Adobe Systems Incorporated, 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA (Adobe), which gives us access to a font library. To integrate the fonts we use, your browser must establish a connection to an Adobe server in the USA and download the font required for our website. Adobe thereby receives the information that our website was accessed from your IP address. For further information on Adobe Fonts, please refer to Adobe's privacy policy, which you can access here: Adobe Fonts
PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOUTUBE
Functions of the "YouTube" service are integrated on this website. "YouTube" is owned by Google Ireland Limited, a company incorporated and operated under the laws of Ireland with its registered office at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which operates the services in the European Economic Area and Switzerland.
Your legal agreement with "YouTube" consists of the terms and conditions found at the following link:
www.youtube.com/static?gl=de&template=terms&hl=de.
These terms constitute a legally binding agreement between you and YouTube regarding your use of the Services. Google's privacy policy explains how YouTube treats and protects your personal data when you use the service.
NOTE ON DATA TRANSFER TO THE USA
Among other things, tools from companies based in the USA are integrated on our website. If these tools are active, your personal data may be transferred to the US servers of the respective companies. We would like to point out that the USA is not a safe third country in the sense of EU data protection law. US companies are obliged to hand over personal data to security authorities without you as a data subject being able to take legal action against this. It can therefore not be ruled out that US authorities (e.g. intelligence services) process, evaluate and permanently store your data located on US servers for monitoring purposes. We have no influence on these processing activities.
COPYRIGHT
The copyright and all other rights to the content, images, photos or other files on the website belong exclusively to the operator of this website or the specifically named rights holders. The written consent of the copyright holder must be obtained in advance for the reproduction of all files.
Anyone who commits a copyright infringement without the consent of the respective rights holder may be liable to prosecution and possibly to damages.
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
All information on our website has been carefully checked. We make every effort to ensure that the information we provide is up-to-date, correct and complete. Nevertheless, the occurrence of errors cannot be completely ruled out, which means that we cannot guarantee the completeness, correctness and up-to-dateness of information, including journalistic and editorial information. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected.
The publisher may change or delete texts at its own discretion and without notice and is not obliged to update the contents of this website. Use of or access to this website is at the visitor's own risk. The publisher, its clients or partners are not responsible for any damage, such as direct, indirect, accidental, damage to be determined in advance or consequential damage, which is allegedly caused by visiting this website, and consequently accept no liability for this.
The publisher also accepts no responsibility or liability for the content and availability of third-party websites that can be accessed via external links on this website. The operators of the linked sites are exclusively responsible for their content. The publisher thus expressly distances itself from all third-party content that may be relevant under criminal or liability law or that may offend common decency.
CHANGES
We may amend this privacy policy at any time without prior notice. The current version published on our website will apply. Insofar as the data protection declaration is part of an agreement with you, we will inform you of the change by e-mail or other suitable means in the event of an update.
QUESTIONS TO THE DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
If you have any questions about data protection, please write to us by e-mail or contact the person in our organisation responsible for data protection listed at the beginning of this privacy policy directly.
Zurich, 01.06.2021
Source: SwissAnwalt