Privacy Policy for Solin by Blue Light Holdings Inc.
Effective date: April 5, 2021
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") provides information about the data that Blue Light Holdings Inc. ("Blue Light" or "We") may collect from users of our website (the "Site") and/or our mobile application (the "App") and how we use and share such information. By using the Site or the App, you agree to the terms of this Policy. We may change this Policy from time to time, and changes are effective upon posting. Please review our Privacy Policy regularly. Your continued use of Blue Light after changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please discontinue your use of the Site and/or App.
Information Collected And Use
Each time you provide or transmit information to us via the Site or App, Blue Light may obtain and collect personally identifiable information about you, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, phone number, address/city/state/province/zip code and any other information that may be used to identify you. We may also collect information about your IP address, browser type, cookie identifiers, Internet Service Provider, referring and exit page, operating system, clickstream data, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device's unique device ID, and your mobile operating system. We may track information regarding your use of our Site or App, including but not limited to, which workouts you have viewed and timestamps associated with your use of our services. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors.
Tracking And Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Site and App and we hold certain information. Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and a analyze our Site and App. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site and App.
Our Site and App may use third party services, including, without limitation, Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our Site and App. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Site and App (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on our other third party service providers. Google and our other third party service providers use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site and App, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Our third party service providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
Children
Our Site, App, and services are not directed to children under 13 (or under 16 for individuals in the European Union). We will never knowingly collect any personally identifiable information about such children. If Blue Light obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 13 (under 16 in the EU), that information will be immediately deleted and will not be shared or disclosed to third parties.
Personal Data Usage Practices
We may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes: (1) to fulfill your requests for classes or other products or services; (2) to respond to your inquiries; (3) to review Site or App usage and operations; (4) to address problems with the Site or App, our business, or our services; (5) to protect the security or integrity of the Site or App and our business; (6) to monitor the Site and App for compliance with our Terms of Use and the law; (7) to help improve our Site, App, or services; and (8) to contact you with updates and other informational and promotional materials from us or third party marketing offers from our trusted partners, as well as from other companies. In addition, Blue Light may partner with third party advertisers to help deliver advertisements through the Site or App relevant to your interests.
Information Sharing Practices
We may disclose information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to our related companies and service providers, to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us; (2) to our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties, who may contact you with their own offers; (3) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to legal process (such as a search warrant, subpoena or court order) and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (5) in the event that our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site users with third parties.
Interest-Based Advertising
We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers ("Advertising Providers") who serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated websites or mobile applications. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your visits to this Site and elsewhere over time. You may visit
www.aboutads.info
to learn more about this type of advertising and how to opt-out of this form of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") self-regulatory program. Note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. In addition, note that if you use a different browser or erase cookies from your browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
Opting Out
You may "opt-out" of receiving marketing or promotional communications from us at any time. Contact us at
support@solinfitness.com
to unsubscribe.
Our Policy on “Do Not Track” Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA) We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Data Security
We maintain reasonable and appropriate measures designed to maintain information we collect in a secure manner. We have taken certain physical, electronic, and administrative steps to safeguard and secure the information we collect from Site visitors and App users. We likewise require that our vendors who process data for us, some of whom are located outside of the United States, take appropriate measures to secure data. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Accessing Your Information
If you would like to access, update, or delete any information we have about you, or exercise any right you might have, please send an email to
support@solinfitness.com
with your request.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Policy, contact us at
support@solinfitness.com
.