Drew & Cole is a brand name of High Street TV (Group) Ltd.
High Street TV are the controller over your personal data as we decide what happens to your personal data. We can be contacted at customercare@drew&cole.com or on 0344 800 0631 (Standard Rate).
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted through
customercare@drewandcole.com
or on 0344 800 0631 (Standard Rate)
.
Using our Site
The Drew & Cole App is for your personal use only.
While using our App, you have to be nice. That means you agree you won’t:
do anything illegal – for example, you can’t post or upload anything offensive or obscene
infringe other peoples’ (including our!) rights – for example, use our brands, trade marks or logos without our permission (more on that below) or charge others for our content or services
reduce the use and enjoyment of the App by anyone else – including (but not limited to) doing anything which is libellous (damages the reputation of someone), breaches anyone’s privacy, or which may harass, cause real distress or inconvenience to any person
promote or threaten violence against anyone or advance criminal activities, including terrorism, human trafficking or modern slavery
impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your connection or affiliation with a person or entity, or otherwise solicit, collect or store (or attempt to solicit, collect or store) personal information about other App users.
You can’t mess with our App – that means you can’t:
reformat or frame any portion of the pages that are part of the App
copy or modify the HTML code used to generate pages on the App
use any device, software, or procedure that interferes with the proper working of the App, or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the App
take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our IT infrastructure
modify, adapt, translate or reverse engineer any portion of the App
disrupt or otherwise interfere with the App or the networks or servers we use.
Be warned that if you breach these Terms, then in looking into the breach we may use your personal details to phone or email you to find out more, or to share our concerns. We may issue you with a formal warning or we may prevent or suspend your access to the App if you do not comply with any part of these Terms, or any terms or policies to which they refer to, or any applicable law.
Also, if you choose to access the App from locations outside the UK and The Republic of Ireland, you are responsible for compliance with local laws where they are applicable.
You agree and confirm that if you sign-up for an account, you are 18 years old or over.
We reserve the right to ask for written proof of age or eligibility from you. If we discover or suspect that you do not comply with the age requirements, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account immediately.
When you sign-up on the App, you will be asked to enter your e-mail and a password which you can then use to access your account and participate in areas of the App reserved for account holders only. You may add certain details about you in your account which will help us get to know you better.
Keep your log in details confidential. You must not disclose them to any third party. It’s your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password and you’re responsible for all activity that occurs under your account. We are unable to check the identity of people signing into accounts and we won’t be liable if someone else uses your password to log into your account.
You should make sure you are the only person using your account. If any unauthorised person uses your account or any other breach of security happens – please let us know as soon as you become aware of it.
Please note that we can suspend or terminate your account or access to any part of the App at any time if you breach these Terms or if we need to for any technical reasons. We also reserve the right to modify, suspend or discontinue the App or any part of it at any time and without notice or liability to you.
Accuracy of information and availability of the Site
While we try to make sure that the App is accurate, up-to-date and free from bugs, we can’t promise that it always will be. We also can’t promise that the App will be fit or suitable for any purpose. If you rely on any of the information on this App, it’s at your own risk.
Our Content is provided for your enjoyment only and to inform you about Drew & Cole products and associated recipes and other websites that may be of interest. None of it is nutritional, technical, financial or legal advice or any other type of advice and you shouldn’t rely on it for any purposes.
While we try to make sure that the App is available for your use 24/7 (hey, we want to be here when you need that cake recipe for your midnight snack), we can’t promise that the App will be available at all times and we don’t promise that your use of it will be uninterrupted. Also, while we hope never to do so, we can suspend or terminate
Using the Sharing Function
Content which you can share without our permission will show one or more of these options next to it:
‘Share this recipe’
‘E-mail’
Social media buttons for posting to Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter etc
Here’s what you need to know before you use this Sharing Function:
You’ll still need to get our permission first for any business use
When you share to a social media platform their terms will apply and it’s your responsibility to make sure you comply with them – think before you share
You can’t remove any of our branding or logos
You can’t remove or change our credits or make it look like someone else made it
If not already included, add a hyperlink to the Content’s original location on the Site
You can’t add any branding, logos and so on, except for any branding that’s already within the Content
You can’t mix our Content with anything harmful, offensive or illegal (that includes anything that would harm our reputation!)
You can’t charge others for using our Content
You can’t make a website/app or offer any service of your own that contains only our Content
You can’t associate our Content with anyone else’s advertising or sponsorship or make it look like we’re endorsing or have a special relationship with anyone else
You can’t put ads over our Content or change it in any way
You are liable for anything that might happen to you as a result of using the Sharing Function
We collect the following categories of personal data from you:
details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access;
your communication and marketing preferences;
your interests, preferences, feedback;
your correspondence and communications with Drew & Cole;
account or profile information when you connect with us on social media;
other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform (such as a Twitter feed or public Facebook page);
information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
We use this data for the following purposes:
where you have given consent, to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you;
to ensure that content from our App is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your phone/iPad/computer, to personalise your repeat visits to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
Our legal basis for processing your personal data is as follows:
where we have a legitimate interest to do so;
where we have had consent;
where we are legally obliged to do so;
where we reasonably think that there is a risk of serious harm to you or someone else; and
where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest.
You have the following rights in relation to your data:
the right to ask for a copy of any personal data we hold about you (the right of access);
in certain circumstances and where we no longer have any legal reason to retain it the right to request we delete personal data we hold about you; (the right of erasure or to be forgotten);
the right to ask us to update or correct any out-of-date or inaccurate personal data that we hold about you (the right of rectification);
the right to opt out at any time of any marketing communications that we may send you and to object to us using or holding your personal data if we have no legitimate reason to do so (the right to object); and
in certain circumstances the right to ask us to restrict how we process your data meaning we would need to secure and retain the data for your benefit but not use it in any other way (the right to restrict processing).
You can exercise the above rights by contacting us using the contact details set out below:
Email us at customercare@drewandcole.com
Telephone us on 0344 800 0631  (Standard Rate)
Write to us at Customer Care, Drew & Cole, Central House, Beckwith Knowle, Otley Road, Harrogate, HG3 1UF
Should you wish to obtain any further information please contact us using the details above.
If you have a concern or complaint about the way we are handling your Personal Information and we have not been able to put things right, the Information Commissioner’s Office is there to help you. Their contact details and a complaint form is on their website:
www.ico.org.uk.