Privacy Policy
March 01, 2022
&blank SARL-S ("I", "we", "my", ''our") operates the "to Stories" mobile application (the "Service"). This service is intended for use as is. This page is used to inform users regarding the policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use the Service.
Our mobile application may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
Information Collection
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we may request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
We would only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Tracking Technologies
We may use third party trackers to let us know when users have used our Service. This is done to allow us to better understand the functionality of our services and make its improvements.
These software may record data such as how often you engage with the Service, the events that occur within the Service, aggregated usage and performance data.
For more information on the privacy policy of third party tracking software providers please read following.
Cookies
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect in our services. You are advised to review this page periodically to inform yourself of any changes in this Privacy Policy.
When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update the date of this Privacy Policy too. Continued use of the Services after such date constitutes acceptance of such updates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us by email hello@tostories.app
This policy is effective as of March 01, 2022.