CLEVERCARDS PRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
Welcome to our Website. We would like you to have the best possible experience with us.
To find out more about our Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy for this Website please see below.
We ask that you read the Cookie policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and our use of cookies or similar technologies on our Website.
This policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy set out below which sets out how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information generally, as well as your rights in relation to your personal information and details of how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
We ask that you read this website privacy policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are, how and why we collect, store, use and share personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information and on how to contact us and supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
WHO WE ARE
This Website is operated by CleverCards, a company registered in Dublin, Ireland as KPTRS Investments limited (Company number 496147) with its Registered address at Suite 4 The Mall, Beacon Court, Sandyford, Dublin 18, Ireland ("CleverCards", "us", "we"). For purposes of this Cookie Policy, “CleverCards,” “us,” “we,” or “our” refers to CleverCards and its assigns, and “you” or “your” refers to any person who accesses or uses this Website.
We collect, use and are responsible for certain personal information about you. When we do so we are regulated under the
General Data Protection Regulation
which applies across the European Union (including in Ireland) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws.
ABOUT CleverCards AND THIS WEBSITE
The CleverCards platform allows a user (“Gift Buyer”) to configure and purchase a virtual electronic gift token (“Gift Token”) representing monetary value chosen by the Gift Buyer.
The Gift Buyer sends the Gift Token to another person ("Gift Recipient") in the form of a unique link (“Gift Link”). The Gift Buyer may add a personalised message and can choose one or more electronic delivery methods, including immediate and scheduled email, messaging apps such as Whatsapp, iPhone Message, SMS, and printable formats.
The Gift Recipient, on receiving the Gift Link, exchanges the value of the Gift Token for a Select Prepaid Mastercard (“Prepaid Mastercard”). The Gift Recipient can then use the Prepaid Mastercard to shop online or, by adding the card to a compatible mobile wallet, in-store a selected list of major retailer websites in the UK.
This cookie policy only relates to your use of our Website.
Throughout our Website we may link to other websites owned and operated by partners and trusted third parties to make products and services available to you. These partner and third-party websites may also use cookies or similar technologies in accordance with their own separate cookie policies. For privacy information relating to these other third-party websites, please consult their privacy and cookie policies as appropriate.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
A cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your device (eg computer, smartphone or other electronic device) when you use our Website. We use cookies on our Website. These help us recognise you and your device and store information about your preferences or past actions.
For example, we may monitor how many times you visit this Website, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of a user's internet service provider. This information helps us to build a profile of our users. Some of this data will be aggregated or statistical, which means that we will not be able to identify you individually.
You can set your browser to not accept cookies and the sections below tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, some of our Website features may not function as a result.
We may work with marketing agents who may also set cookies during your visit to be used for remarketing purposes. This means that once you have left our Website, you may see adverts promoting products similar to what you viewed on this Website. If you’d like to opt out of this type of remarketing, please go to the Network Advertising Initiative website.
For further information on our use of cookies, including a detailed list of your information which we and others may collect through cookies, please see below.
WHAT IS OUR COOKIE POLICY?
For the full Website experience, to be able to purchase online and to make full use of personalised features, your computer or mobile phone will need to accept cookies. We use the information from cookies to improve your customer experience and offer you products we think you will like.
WHY WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies on this Website to:
recognise you whenever you visit this Website this speeds up your access to the Website;
obtain information about your preferences and use of our Website;
keep track of the items stored in your shopping basket and take you through the checkout process;
carry out research and statistical analysis to help improve our content, products and services and to help us better understand our users’ requirements;
and make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
For further information on cookies generally visit
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Cookies/1416.htm
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
WHAT COOKIES ARE USED ON THIS WEBSITE
TYPES OF COOKIES
The cookies we place on your device fall into the following categories:
Session cookies
— these allow our Website to link your actions during a particular browser session. These expire each time you close your browser and do not remain on your device afterwards
Persistent cookies
— these are stored on your device in between browser sessions. These allow your preferences or actions across our Website to be remembered. These will remain on your device until they expire, or you delete them from your cache
Strictly necessary cookies
— these cookies are essential for you to be able to navigate our Website and use its features. Without these cookies, the services you have asked for could not be provided
Performance cookies
— these cookies collect information about how you use our Website, e.g. which pages you go to most often. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information about you. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and anonymous, and is only used to improve how our Website works
Functionality cookies
— these cookies allow our Website to remember the choices you make (such as your user name, language, last action and search preferences) and provide enhanced, more personal features. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous and cannot track your browsing activity on other websites
Google Analytics
These cookies enable the function of Google Analytics Software. This software helps us to collect and analyse visitor information such as browser usage, page views, visitor numbers, and Webpage performance times. That information helps us to monitor and improve the Website and your shopping experience, and to make our marketing campaigns relevant. The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at CleverCards and Google and never shows any confidential information.
Third Party Cookies
Sometimes, if you go to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Banner advertising on other websites
Banner advertising appears on websites that we are affiliated with. We use the information we have learned from cookies to tailor this advertising to things we think you will like, based on your browsing history on the Website. The data contained by these cookies doesn’t contain any personal information.
HOW TO TURN OFF COOKIES
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you do this, please be aware that you may lose some of the functionality of this Website. For further information about cookies and how to disable them please go to the Information Commissioner’s webpage on cookies:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
.
OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Throughout our website we may link to other websites owned and operated by certain trusted third parties to make products and services available to you. These other third-party websites may also gather information about you in accordance with their own separate privacy policies. For privacy information relating to these other third-party websites, please consult their privacy policies as appropriate.
We collect personal information about you when you access our website, register with us, contact us, send us feedback, purchase products or services via our website, and complete customer surveys or participate in competitions via our website.
We collect this personal information from you either directly, such as when you complete a payment with us, send Gift Tokens, exchange Gift Tokens for Prepaid Mastercard or contact us via our Website or indirectly, such as your browsing activity while on our website (see ‘Cookies’ in this document).
We also collect personal information about you from other sources as follows:
        We will receive data from our partner retailers on your website activity in order to enhance and optimise how we message and present the CleverCards proposition on our partner retailer websites. We will also use this data to infer your needs in using the CleverCards service, to identify the gift and share with our payment processor to manage potential fraud and to confirm that address and email formats are valid.
The personal information we collect about you depends on the particular activities carried out through our website. When you provide the personal information of a gift recipient, please make sure that you have the right to share this information with us.
Personal information collected includes:
name, address and contact details
date of birth
payment details
details of any feedback you give us by live chat support, phone, email, post or via social media
information about the services we provide to you
your account details, such as username, login details
other publicly available personal data, including any which you have shared via a public platform (such as a Twitter feed or public Facebook page).
We use this personal information to:
create and manage your account with us
verify your identity
provide goods and services to you
customise our website and its content to your particular preferences
notify you of any changes to our website or to our services that may affect you
improve our services
This website is not intended for use by children under 18 years of age and we do not knowingly collect or use personal information relating to children.
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When we use your personal information, we are required to have a legal basis for doing so. There are various different legal bases upon which we may rely, depending on what personal information we process and why.
The legal bases we may rely on include:
consent: where you have given us clear consent for us to process your personal information for a specific purpose
contract: where our use of your personal information is necessary for a contract we have with you, or because you have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract
legal obligation: where our use of your personal information is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations)
legitimate interests: where our use of your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party (unless there is a good reason to protect your personal information which overrides our legitimate interests)
Further information — the personal information we collect, when and how we use it
For further details on when we collect personal information, what we collect as well as how we use it, please read the following sections:
When information is collected
We collect information when you fill in online forms on our Website to choose items to buy, make payment, send Gift Tokens to Gift Recipients and accept Gift Tokens to exchange for a Prepaid Mastercard.
What information we ask for
"Contact details from the person sending the eGift or Gift Recipient including Name / address / delivery address of Gift Recipient /email address/phone number/messaging app details. IP address; browser type; device ID; country telephone code."
How and why we use your information
"We use name, address, device ID, IP address, browser type to pass to payment processor to validate payment.
        We will email the eGift sender various confirmations relating to the transaction.
        We use contact information to make the eGift Recipient aware of the eGift and send them the link containing the eGift details
        We send the eGift Recipient transactional email confirmations. We may email the Gift Recipient if we note that they have not taken action to accept or exchange an eGift after a period of time has elapsed.
        We inform Park Retail Limited where to send either the selected Merchandise or a Love2shop Contactless Gift Card if they opt to exchange.
        We will also use the Information:
to create and manage your account with us
to communicate with you about your account
to auto populate fields for your or your Gift Recipient’s return visits
Our software will include validation routines to confirm that address and email formats are valid.
        We deploy analytics tools to track activity on our website – this will be used to identify possible causes of abandonment and generally to improve the usability of our website
        We request data from Park Retail Limited on website activity in order to enhance / optimise how we present the CleverCards proposition. We use this data to infer needs in using the CleverCards service
We rely on Contract (as set out above) as the legal basis for processing your personal data as stated in Article 6 1, b) of the EU Personal Data Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), as the processing of your information is necessary for us to fulfil our agreement with you or for us to handle your enquiries ahead of concluding an agreement.
We may also process your ordinary personal data on the basis of the rules in the GDPR Article 6 1, f) unless our interests are outweighed by your privacy rights and statutory freedom. We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data (name and email address) for both marketing and analytical purposes. Our legitimate interest is based on your preferences so that we can better customise our offerings to you—and ultimately offer products and services that better meet your needs and wishes. Additionally, we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data for analytical purposes. 
        We will keep this information for a minimum of two years so that repeat visitors can be assisted to avail of the solution in a streamlined way.
        "
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorised way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
We keep personal data for a variety of purposes and for a variety of retention periods. The general guidelines for how long we retain data are based on a clear assessment of what is necessary and proportionate in our business, with particular reference to statutory obligations that apply to our business.
Where there is no statutory period defined for keeping data, we will apply retention periods based on relevant industry standards or based on an internal assessment of a retention period that balances our ability to serve customers with our obligation to not retain identifiable data for longer than we need to.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF DATA
Our Website features social media sharing links to let you share content on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter and to share eGifts using messaging applications and email. These links will write cookies that will let these services know what pages you visit on our site and can result in personal data about you being shared with these other platforms if you are logged in to them when visiting our site.
We share the name, contact details and payment details of the person sending the eGift and the name and contact details, including delivery address details of the Gift Recipient with third-party suppliers. These include partner retailers, IT service providers, delivery service providers and marketing service providers.
We collate information about site traffic, sales, and other commercial information which we may pass on to our partner retailers.
CleverCards only allows its service providers to handle your personal data when we have confirmed that they apply appropriate data protection and security controls.  We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to data protection and security, which mean they can only use your data to provide services to CleverCards and to you, and for no other purposes.
Some of those third-party recipients may be based outside the European Economic Area — for further information including on how we safeguard your personal data when this occurs, see ‘Transfer of your information out of the EEA’.
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
We will not share your personal information with any other third party.
We will disclose data to third parties where necessary:
For the execution of a contract entered into on behalf of the data subject
For compliance with a legal obligation under EU or Member State law
To meet the requirements of a Court Order
For the purposes of seeking legal advice or managing an insurance claim
TRANSFERS OF DATA OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
When we use your information as described in this policy, this may involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). When we do this, we make sure that appropriate steps are taken to protect your personal information and your rights. By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information outside the EEA. Countries Transfers to other jurisdictions are conducted under appropriate safeguards such as Standard Contract Clauses or other adequacy frameworks, and are kept under regular review.
From time to time we will use third party services that are hosted outside the EU or EEA for the purposes of executing business functions. We apply strict protocols to the selection of such suppliers and ensure that any processing is carried out on the basis of any of the following:
Transfer to a Safe Country (e.g. Canada)
EU/US Privacy Shield
Standard Contractual Clauses
YOUR RIGHTS
You have a number of rights under the GDPR and the Data Protection 2018.
Right of Access – you have a right to request a copy of data we hold about you.
Right of Rectification – You can request that we correct any errors in the information we hold about you.
Right of Erasure – You have a right to request we delete information we hold about you in certain circumstances. This is not an absolute right, but deleting data about you may result in you not being able to avail of services such as warranties.
Right to Object to Processing – You have a right to object to processing, particularly processing for the purposes of Direct Marketing. This is not an absolute right as we may have an over-riding requirement to continue processing your data. If we do opt you out of processing we might not be able to let you know about special offers or sales and it might have other implications depending on the specific processing to which you object.
Right to Restrict Processing – You have a right to ask us not to process your data for a period of time for a particular reason, for example if you have queried the accuracy of data we hold about you. Again, this is not an absolute right and it only applies in certain circumstances.
Right to Data Portability – You have the right to ask us to transfer data we hold about you in a structured form and process using automated means to another company. This only applies if the basis of the processing is consent or contract.
Right not to be subject to Automated Decision Making – You have a right not to be subject to automated decision making that has a legal or equivalent effect unless that processing is necessary for entering into or performing a contract, is required by law, or is conducted with your explicit consent. An example of such processing would include suspected credit card fraud checking.
You have a right to compensation through the Courts in the event your data privacy rights under legislation are not upheld.
To avail of any of these rights, you should contact the Data Protection Officer in writing at the contact details below. There is no fee for availing of these rights, but we reserve the right to charge a reasonable administrative fee for repeat requests for the same information. Contacting the Data Protection Officer: By Post: Data Protection Officer, CleverCards, Suite 4, The Mall, Beacon Court, Dublin 18, Ireland, or by email: operations@CleverCards.com. If you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
let us have enough information to identify you
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates, including any account or reference numbers.
CONTACTING THE DATA PROTECTION COMMISSIONER
The Data Protection Commissioner can be contacted using the email address and phone numbers provided at this website:
https://www.dataprotection.ie/docs/Contact-us/b/11.htm
HOW TO CONTACT US
Please contact us if you have any questions about this cookie policy or the information we hold about you. If you wish to contact us, please send an email to
love2shop-contactless-support@highstreetvouchers.com
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This policy was published on 15 June 2016 and last updated on 27 November 2019.
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, may be notified to you by email.