1.
HOP GREECE TECHNOLOGY SINGLE MEMBER P.C., based in
          Olimpiou Diamanti nr. 7, Thessaloniki, Greece, e-mail address:
          support@hop.bike website: https://hop.bike/en (hereafter the
          “Company”), is the personal data controller and responsible.
          Controller means the legal person, which, alone or jointly with
          others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of
          “personal data”.
2.
“Personal data” means any information relating to
          an identified or identifiable natural person (that is the “data
          subject” hereafter the “user”) who can be identified, directly or
          indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a
          name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier
          provided by his/her devices, applications, tools and protocols, such
          as internet protocol addresses and cookie identifiers. When
          developing, designing, selecting and using applications, services and
          products that are based on the processing of personal data or process
          personal data to fulfill their task, the controller shall fulfill its
          data protection obligations.
3.
A privacy policy is a legal statement that must be
          clear, conspicuous and with given, well informed free and explicit
          consent by all users. It must disclose how a mobile app processes
          (collects, gathers, stores and uses, indicative and not restrictive),
          its user’s personal data. A mobile app’s privacy policy is developed
          and presented to users so that mobile app controller is compliant with
          Greek and European Law, according to the General Data Protection
          Regulation 2016/679 (hereafter “GDPR”) and the Greek Law 4624/2019. As
          a result, the Company fulfils the legal requirements to safeguard,
          inter alia, user’s privacy. Whether a user has an iOS or Android app,
          he/she must keep his/her mobile application compliant by using a
          privacy policy on his/her app.
4.
The HOP App has a variety of functionalities that
          enhance user’s experience. If the user allows the HOP App to access
          his or her location information on his or her device, the mobile app
          may use the user’s mobile device’s Global Positioning System (GPS)
          technology and other technology (such as wireless transmitters known
          as beacons) to provide him or her with information and offers based on
          the location of his or her device. The company may use this location
          information to enhance user’s travel experience by delivering push
          notifications and other content to his or her mobile device, providing
          navigation assistance as he or she moves around Company’s locations,
          and sending him or her information and offers about products,
          services, or activities the Company believes may be of interest to him
          or her, following his or her explicit consent. The company may share
          this information with third parties, including business partners and
          service providers, to provide information, offers, and services that
          may be of interest to the user. The user may prevent or limit
          collection of location information by changing the settings in the
          app, or by changing his or her device’s settings.
5.
Τhe Company processes the personal data collected
          from the data subject, that is:
a. Identity Data
includes first name, last name, date
          of birth, identity or passport number, driving license, gender,
          invoice information (address, if corporate invoice company name, tax
          number)
b. Contact Data
includes billing address, email
          address and telephone number(s).
c. Location Data
includes location.
d. Financial Data
includes bank account, payment card
          details, details of any other user’s account needed for the
          transactions (e.g. pay pal account details). Concerning the storing of
          the data, VivaWallet is the data processor of user’s banking
          information and there is a confidentiality agreement between us about
          this.
e. Transaction Data
includes details about payments
          to and from user and other details of products and services the user
          has purchased from the Company.
f. Technical Data
includes internet protocol (IP)
          address, user’s login data, browser type and version, time zone
          setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating
          system and platform, App info and performance, device ID and other
          technology on the user’s device.
g. Profile Data
includes purchases or orders made by
          him/her, his/her interests, preferences, feedback and survey
          responses.
h. Usage Data
includes information about how the user
          uses Company’s, products and services, including cookies.
i. Marketing and Communications Data
includes user’s
          preferences in receiving marketing communications from the Company and
          user’s communication preferences.
6.
The Company collects user’s personal data whenever
          he or she uses Company’s services (whether services provided directly
          by the Company or by other companies or agents acting on its behalf).
7.
Purposes of user’s personal data processing: Τhe
          Company processes the personal data collected from the data subject in
          the legal basis of user’s given consent, for the performance of a
          contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps
          at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract
          as well as for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the
          controller or by a third party, according to the GDPR provisions. The
          processing purpose concerning the type of data and the lawful basis
          for processing, are the following:
Purpose
Type of data
Lawful basis for data processing
To register the user to the application
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with the user,
n
ecessary for
Company’s
legitimate interests (account management, user’s
                  authentication, App functionality, developer communications,
                  security, and compliance)
To process and deliver user’s subscription to the
                  app
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing and Communications
Performance of a contract with the user, necessary for
                  Company’s legitimate interests (user’s
                  authentication, to recover debts due to the
                  Company)
To administer, support and protect Company’s technical
                  infrastructure (including troubleshooting, data analysis,
                  testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of
                  data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Location
Necessary for Company’s legitimate interests (provision
                  of administration and IT services, network security,
                  preventing fraud, business reorganization, App functionality,
                  analytics, developer communications, fraud prevention,
                  security, and compliance, personalization), after given
                  consent apply the navigation assistance, necessary to comply
                  with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to the user
                  and measure or understand the effectiveness of these
                   advertisements
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing and Communications
Technical
Necessary for Company’s legitimate interests (to study
                  how customers use its products/services, to develop products
                  and services), after user’s given consent with regards
                  to respective advertising/targeting cookies (to better
                  organize Company’s marketing strategy). In the
                  abovementioned cases, HOP GREECE TECHNOLOGY  SINGLE
                  MEMBER P.C. might apply automated procedures in order to
                  analyze user’s behavior and preferences, so as to
                  identify and suggest services and goods that might be of
                  his/her interest.
To use data analytics to improve Customer’s
                  products/services, marketing, customer relationships and
                  experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for Company’s legitimate interests (to define
                  types of customers for Company’s products and services
                  and to develop Company’s business and marketing
                  strategy), after user’s given consent with regards to
                  respective advertising/targeting cookies (to better organize
                  Company’s marketing strategy). In the abovementioned
                  cases, HOP GREECE TECHNOLOGY  SINGLE MEMBER P.C. might
                  apply automated procedures in order to analyze user’s
                  behavior and preferences, so as to identify and suggest
                  services and goods that might be of his/her interest.
8.
User’s personal data recipients: The recipients to
          whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, are the
          Company’s business partners and service providers that provide support
          services to the Company or that help Company to market its products
          and services. Service providers are third parties who perform services
          on Company’s behalf. They are contractually restricted from using
          user’s information in any manner other than in helping Company to
          provide the user with the products and services available from the HOP
          GREECE TECHNOLOGY SINGLE MEMBER P.C. The Company may also disclose
          user’s personal data to a third party when he or she asks the Company
          to do so or when the Company believes it is required by law.
9.
Security measures: According to the GDPR
          provisions, the Company follows the privacy by design and privacy by
          default policy, using all the appropriate technical and organizational
          security measures (including encryption, anonymization or/and
          pseudonymization procedures where required) to prevent users’ personal
          data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized
          way, altered or disclosed providing access to users’ personal data
          only to authorized persons (employees, business partners and service
          providers), ensuring that, only personal data which are necessary for
          each specific purpose of the processing are being processed. That
          obligation applies to the amount of personal data collected, the
          extent of their processing and the period of their storage and their
          accessibility.
10.
User’s personal data storage period: The Company
          will only store user’s personal data for as long as necessary to
          fulfil the purposes the Company collected it for, including for the
          purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting
          requirements.
11. User’s rights:
The HOP user has the right
a.
to access his/her personal data, that enables him
          or her to receive a copy of the personal data the Company holds about
          him or her and to check that the Company lawfully processing it,
b.
to request from the Company rectification of
          his/her personal data, that enables him or her to have any incomplete
          or inaccurate data the Company holds about him or her corrected,
c.
to request from the Company erasure of his/her
          personal data, , that enables him or her to ask the Company to delete
          or remove personal data where there is no good reason for the Company
          continuing to process it,
d.
to request restriction, that means that the
          Company shall suspend the processing of user’s personal data in the
          case that: (a) the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the
          data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the
          accuracy of the personal data;(b) the processing is unlawful and the
          data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests the
          restriction of their use instead;(c) the controller no longer needs
          the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are
          required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or
          defence of legal claims;(d) the data subject has objected to
          processing but the Company needs to verify whether the Company has
          legitimate grounds overriding those of the user.
e.
to object to processing of his/her personal data
          where the Company relies on a legitimate interest and there is
          something about user’s particular situation which makes him or her
          wants to object to processing including profiling and direct
          marketing,
f.
to request the portability of his/her personal
          data to him or her or to a third party. The Company will provide to
          the user, or a third party that he or she has chosen, his/her personal
          data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. This
          right only applies to automated information which the user initially
          provided consent for the Company to use or where the Company used the
          information to perform a contract with the user.
g.
to withdraw consent at any time where the Company
          relies on consent to process user’s personal data. However, this will
          not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before the
          user’s consent withdrawal.
h.
to lodge a complaint with user’s country’s
          Personal Data Supervisory Authority. The Greek supervisory authority,
          is the Hellenic Data Protection Authority (www.dpa.gr), Kifissias 1-3,
          PC 115 23, Athens, Greece, Telephone: +30-210 6475600, e-mail:
          contact@dpa.gr. The Company would, however, appreciate the chance to
          deal with user’s concerns before he or she approaches the Data
          Protection Authority by contacting the Company in the first instance
          using the contact details above.
12. User’s consent:
User’s consent: The user, by
          accepting the HOP Privacy Policy, acknowledges that he or she has been
          explicitly informed and agrees that the Company has the right to
          process (in any form of processing according to the GDPR provisions)
          his/her personal data for the above mentioned purposes. The user has
          the right to withdraw his consent at any time where the Company relies
          on consent to process user’s personal data. However, this will not
          affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before the user’s
          consent withdrawal.