Privacy Policy
We respect privacy and online freedom, and we know how to manage and protect your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
1.
Collect
I
nformation
Information you provide to us:
We may collect information you provide to us, including:
Your name, address, etc. We collect this information in a variety of ways
.
2.How to use information
We use your personal information to serve you.
Generate and view reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns.
Analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability or popularity of the service,
Improve the content and functionality of the service
Allow us to personalize what you see on the service.
Please note that if you choose not to provide us with certain personal information, we may not be able to provide you with services.
3.How to share your information
We may have to share your personal data with:
Other organizations that we are legally obligated to disclose your personal information (such as requests for prevention and investigation of crimes) or other organizations that need to disclose to protect the property, rights and security of us and our employees, or to comply with any law, Regulatory, or government or judicial authorization, rules, orders or subpoenas;
We may choose to sell, transfer or merge third parties of certain businesses or assets. Or, we may seek to acquire or merge with other businesses. If our business changes, the new owner can use your personal data in the same manner as specified in this Privacy Policy;
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes, only to allow them to process your personal data for specific purposes in accordance with our instructions.
Comply with laws and policies. If we believe that such action must be taken
(1) We reserve the right to disclose your personal information to third parties in compliance with laws, regulations or government or judicial authorizations, rules, orders or subpoenas;
(2) Protect and safeguard our rights or property;
(3) Implement our terms and conditions and license agreements, including this Privacy Policy.
4.Your rights
You have the right to request us to provide a copy of your personal information in accordance with national/regional laws; Correct, delete or restrict your personal information.
In addition, in some cases, you may object to the processing of your personal information (in particular, we do not need to process the information to meet contractual or other legal requirements, or we use the information for direct marketing).
These rights may be limited, for example, if you disclose a person's personal information request, or if you require us to delete or force us to retain information of legitimate interest (for example, to prevent fraud).
5.How to protect your information
Your personal information is contained behind a secure network and is accessible only to a small number of people with access to such systems and requires confidential information. In addition, all sensitive credit information you provide is encrypted by technology.
When you use the application in any way, we implement various security measures to maintain the security of your personal information.
6.How to store your information
We may automatically collect your personal information and store it in a summary. If you have any questions about how to store this data, please contact us and we will respond to you within a reasonable time.
7.
P
rivacy
P
olicy
C
hanges
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do this, we will modify the update date at the bottom of this page. Users are encouraged to check this page frequently for any changes to stay informed about how we can help protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy and understand the changes on a regular basis.
8.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us by email at
MakerService@outlook.com
.