PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to our Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum. Before you read it, please make sure that you are over the age of 16 or under guidance of the holder of your parental responsibility.
EFFECTIVE DATE:
January 1, 2020
WHERE THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES
This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services operated by Oil Painting. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services.
Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. If a particular service has its own privacy policy, then that policy - not this Privacy Policy - applies.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information generated as you use our services, for example access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through a social media account. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below.
Information you give us
You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes:
We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly, such as via an online form such as name, email, phone number and curriculum vitae (CV) or when you contact us through the support feature embedded in our services or when you send us an email directly.
When you choose to participate in our promotions, events or contests, we collect the information that you use to register or enter.
If you contact our customer care team, we collect the information you give us during the interaction. Sometimes, we monitor or record these interactions for training purposes and to ensure a high quality of service.
If you ask us to communicate with or otherwise process information of other people (for example, if you ask us to send an email on your behalf to one of your friends), we collect the information about others that you give us in order to complete your request.
Of course, we also process your chats with other users as well as the content you publish, as part of the operation of the services.
Information we receive from others
In addition to the information you provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including:
Other Users.
Other users may provide information about you as they use our services. For instance, we may collect information about you from other users if they contact us about you.
Social Media.
You may be able to use your social media login (such as Facebook Login) to create and log into our account. This saves you from having to remember yet another user name and password and allows you to share some information from your social media account with us.
Other Partners.
We may receive info about you from our partners, for instance where our ads are published on a partner’s websites and platforms (in which case they may pass along details on a campaign’s success).
Information collected when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details:
Usage Information.
We collect information automatically about your activity through our services, for example date and time you used a service, features you have used, in-app purchases history, subscriptions, and advertising that you click on, and data generated when you use our services, for example your game progress which may be stored with your Apple ID on iCloud for iOS Devices or with your Google Play Games profile for Android Devices in some of our services. Our services may also contain tools from third party service providers that may enable these third parties to separately collect and/or analyze non-Personal Data from the users' devices.
Device information.
When you download and use our services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system, resolution, application version, and the mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID), language and time zone and IP address.
Other information.
We may collect upon your permission other information such as precise geolocation (latitude and longitude) using information including GPS, Bluetooth or Wi-Fi connections. If you decline permission for us to collect your geolocation, we will not collect it. Similarly, we may ask for access to your camera in case you want to use certain features of our services.
COOKIES AND OTHER SIMILAR DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
We use and may allow others to use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels) to recognize you and/or your device(s). We use them such as authenticating you, remembering your preferences and settings, analyzing site traffic and trends, delivering and measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, allowing you to use social features.
Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website that responds to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many businesses, including us, do not currently respond to DNT signals.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you safe and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information, together with practical examples.
To administer your account and provide our services to you
Create and manage your account
Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests
Complete your transactions
Communicate with you about our services
To ensure a consistent experience across your devices
Link the various devices you use so that you can enjoy a consistent experience of our services on all of them. We do this by linking devices and browser data, such as when you log into your account on different devices or by using partial or full IP address, browser version and similar data about your devices to help identify and link them.
To serve you relevant offers and ads
Administer sweepstakes, contests, discounts or other offers
We work with third party advertising partners to provide personalized ads for you. Our partners include but are not limited to Google AdMob, DoubleClick Ad Exchange, DoubleClick for Publishers, Facebook Audience Network, MoPub, Amazon, Fyber, Smaato, Baidu, and etc. You may find more details about our partners in links below:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
Communicate with you by email, phone, social media or mobile device about products or services that we think may interest you
To improve our services and develop new ones
Conduct research and analysis of users’ behavior to improve our services and content (for instance, we may decide to change the look and feel or even substantially modify a given feature based on users’ behavior)
Develop new features and services (for example, we may decide to build a new interests-based feature further to requests received from users).
To prevent, detect and fight fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Address ongoing or alleged misbehavior on and off-platform
Perform data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures against these activities
Retain data related to fraudulent activities to prevent against recurrences
To ensure legal compliance
Comply with legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Enforce or exercise our rights, for example our Terms
To process your information as described above, we rely on the following legal bases:
Provide our service to you:
Most of the time, the reason we process your information is to perform the contract that you have with us. For instance, as you go about using our service to get meaningful content, we use your information to maintain your account and your profile, to recommend content based on your interests.
Legitimate interests
: We may use your information where we have legitimate interests to do so. For instance, we analyze users’ behavior on our services to continuously improve our offerings, we suggest offers we think might interest you, and we process information for administrative, fraud detection and other legal purposes.
Consent:
From time to time, we may ask for your consent to use your information for certain specific reasons. You may withdraw your consent at any time by change the setting on your device to disable the device permissions, or just using the standard uninstall process for your device to stop all information collection.
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We share some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others.
With other users
You share information with other users when you voluntarily disclose information on the service (including your public profile). Please be careful with your information and make sure that the content you share is stuff that you’re comfortable being publically viewable since neither you nor we can control what others do with your information once you share it.
With our service providers and partners
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including data hosting and maintenance, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising, payment processing and security operations.
We may also share information with partners who distribute and assist us in advertising our services. For instance, we may share limited information on you in hashed, non-human readable form to advertising partners.
We follow a strict vetting process prior to engaging any service provider or working with any partner. All of our service providers and partners must agree to strict confidentiality obligations.
For corporate transactions
We may transfer your information if we are involved, whether in whole or in part, in a merger, sale, acquisition, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or other change of ownership or control.
When required by law
We may disclose your information if reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant, government / law enforcement investigation or other legal requirements; (ii) to assist in the prevention or detection of crime (subject in each case to applicable law); or (iii) to protect the safety of any person.
To enforce legal rights
We may also share information: (i) if disclosure would mitigate our liability in an actual or threatened lawsuit; (ii) as necessary to protect our legal rights and legal rights of our users, business partners or other interested parties; (iii) to enforce our agreements with you; and (iv) to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing.
YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have provided you with the following tools:
Access / Update tools in the service.
Tools and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within the service.
Device permissions.
Mobile platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may lose full functionality.
Uninstall.
You can stop all information collection by an app by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few key points to remember:
Reviewing your information. Applicable privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access, right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of your personal information by contact us via Email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Updating your information. If you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or object to its processing, please contact us via Email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons, including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information is released.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your account or information is no longer secure, please contact us via Email at the end of this Privacy Policy.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon deletion of your account or after 6 months of continuous inactivity, unless:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory data retention obligations);
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy and other similar consents are kept for five years);
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
the information must be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to technical constraints.
For California Users
We adopted this policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this policy. The information we collect is all above in the policy. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. We will not sell your personal information to any party. If in the future, we anticipate selling your personal information to any party, we will provide you with the opt-out and opt-in rights required by the CCPA.
Your Rights and Choices：
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. After deletion you can still use our application.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by emailing us at oilpainting.ios@gamesvessel.com
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on our website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, here’s how you can reach us:
oilpainting.ios@gamesvessel.com