App Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on
Menu Plan
app for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
Menu Plan
uses no accounts to sync your meal plans, except your iCloud account; for details, see the iCloud section below.
Menu Plan
thus does not collect or store any information that can be linked to you.
As the only exception to what is stated above, if you enable Alexa or Google Assistant integration,
Menu Plan
lets you authenticate with Amazon or Google, and then stores your meal plan on the Menu Plan Web Server, where they are associated to the email address you used to authenticate to Amazon or Google.
Technical basics
The app employs your Apple ID store your data in your iCloud account.
The app is linked to to the Menu Plan web server. The server is used to collect the users feedbacks sent through the app. If Alexa or Google Assistant integration is enabled, the server also stores present and future meal plans.
Our server software  may store basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs.
iCloud
Menu Plan
stores some of your data in Apple’s iCloud service, such as login tokens for your account(s), to enable some sync features between all devices signed into your Apple ID.
Menu Plan Web Server
Menu Plan
uses a custom web service to provide data to Google Assistant and Amazon Alexa.
If you enable Google Assistant and/or Amazon Alexa integration, your future meal plans will be stored in the Menu Plan web server, associated to the email associated to your Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa account.
Menu Plan web server Menu Data are periodically cleaned up, to remove past menus.
Third Party: Analytics and IAP
Menu Plan
collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app; these data are collected through
Amplitude
.
Menu Plan
employs
Revenue Cat
to manage In App Purchases. However, purchases and other user data are anonymized and cannot be linked back to you.
Third Party: voice assistants
If you enable Google Assistant and/or Amazon Alexa integration, these services will query the Menu Plan web server to get information about your meal plans.
These data are then processed according to the privacy policies of
Google Assistant
and
Amazon Alexa
.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish Menu Plan’s functionality.
We may share anonymous, aggregate statistics with outside parties, such as how many recipes the average user has, or which is the most commnly used ingredient, and so on.
If Google Assistant or Amazon Alexa integration is enabled, we share present and future meal plans with these services; meal plans are associated to the email address employed in the voice assistant service.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, anonymous user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
Presently
Menu Plan
does not communicate with any server, except the third party services mentioned above.
If, in the future, the need arises to connect the app to an external first-party service, this connection will employ industry standard security measures, to keep your information secure. For instance, all communications with the app and website will require HTTPS with certificate pinning. Passwords will be hashed, not stored, using industry-standard methods.
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
To delete your information, you need to remove the app and, when promted by iOs, confirm you want to remove your data from iCloud.
Menu Plan
may delete your information at any time and for any reason, such as technical needs, legal concerns, abuse prevention, removal of idle accounts, data loss, or any other reason.
Third-party links and content
Menu Plan
presently does not display any third party content.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using Menu Plan and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email
support@menuplan.app
.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Summary of changes so far:
July 10, 2021: First published
March 18, 2022: Update related to voice assistants
×
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Read more
Performance
Targeting
Show details
Hide details
Save & Close
Accept all
Decline all
Powered by CookieScript