Fable Privacy Policy
Last Updated: August 31, 2023
Fable Group, Inc. (“
Fable
”, “
we
”, “
us
”) is a social reading platform for online book clubs. Fable respects and values your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, process, and share your personal information, and to inform you of how to exercise your privacy rights.
SCOPE
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
OTHER PROVISIONS
CONTACT US
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us, including on our website (
https://fable.co/
), mobile applications, and other online or offline offerings. To make this Privacy Policy easier to read, our website, mobile applications, and other offerings are collectively referred to as “
Services
.” 

If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please refer to “Contact Us” below.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect personal information from our website and mobile application customers (“
Users
”) as well as from our Fable moderators, tastemakers, and authors (“
Curators
”) who provide book recommendations and moderate book clubs. The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services, and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below.

We do not generally require you to disclose any sensitive information (e.g., details of race, religious belief, sexual orientation, or membership of a trade union) to us. If you elect to provide us with sensitive information for any reason, you consent to us collecting that information and using and disclosing that information for the purpose for which you disclosed it to us and as permitted by applicable laws.
Information You Provide to Us Directly
We may collect the following personal information that Users provide to us:
Account Creation.
To access certain parts of our Services, you may need to create an account (your
“Fable Account”
). To set up a Fable Account, we may require your full name, email address, username, and password. You may have the option to add images for a profile picture to your Fable Account. You may also have the option to share information about yourself with other Users via our Services.
Pronouns.
You may have the option to share information about your gender identity by submitting your preferred gender pronoun(s) when you create your Fable Account.
This is completely optional.
If you elect to provide us with this information for any reason, you consent to us collecting that information and using and disclosing that information for the purpose for which you disclosed it to us, including making it available on your profile, and as permitted by applicable laws.
Purchases.
We may collect personal information and details associated with your purchases using our Services, such as payment information. Any payments made via our Services are processed by third-party payment processors (e.g., Stripe, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store). We do not directly collect or store any payment card information entered through our Services, but we may receive information associated with your payment card information (e.g., your billing details).
Your Communications with Us.
We may collect personal information, such as your full name, email address, phone number, or details about your questions or concerns when you request information about our Services, subscribe to our newsletter or join our premium membership program, request customer or technical support, apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Interactive Features.
We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., messaging and chat features, commenting functionalities, video calls (e.g., Zoom), panels, forums, blogs, and social media pages). Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services (referred to herein as
“User Content”
) will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Please exercise caution before revealing any sensitive information or information that may identify you in the real world to other users.
Referral Services.
We may offer users the ability to and incentives to refer friends to our Services.  For example, we may provide you with a personal invite link that you can share with your friends to invite them to register for our Services.  If you click the link your friend sends you and sign up for our Services, we will collect your information as noted in the “Account Creation” section above.
Sweepstakes or Contests.
We may collect personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we offer. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of sweepstakes and contest winners.
Events.
We may collect personal information from individuals who attend or host our online events.
Job Applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we or our third-party service providers will collect and use this information to assess your qualifications.
Video and Audio Recordings of Curators.
We may capture, record and store video and/or audio recordings of Curators participating in events (e.g., interviews) on our Services.
Information Collected Automatically
We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services:
Automatic Data Collection
.
We may collect certain information automatically when you use our Services, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, browser or device information, location information (including approximate location derived from IP address), and Internet service provider. We may also automatically collect information regarding your use of our Services, such as pages that you visit before, during and after using our Services, information about the links you click, the types of content you interact with, the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use our Services. In addition, we may collect information that other people provide about you when they use our Services, including information about you when they tag you.
Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Other Technologies.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (
“Technologies”
) to automatically collect information through your use of our Services.
Cookies.
Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary
. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of our functionality.
Performance-Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services (
see Analytics below
).
Functionality-Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed.
Advertising or Targeting-Related.
We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party websites.
See “Your Privacy Choices and Rights” below to understand your choices regarding these Technologies.
Analytics
. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. Some of our analytics partners include:
Segment.
For more information, please visit
Segment’s Privacy Policy.
Hotjar.
For more information, please visit
Hotjar’s Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt out of Hotjar’s use of your information, please contact
dpo@hotjar.com
with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”.
Google Analytics.
We use analytics services provided by Google Inc. This allows us to process usage data to better understand how our website and web-related Services are used. This enables us to continually improve our website, making it relevant to your interests and needs. This may involve personal data, such as cookie and other device identifiers. The data collected by Google Analytics is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and processed there. In addition, Google uses your data for its own purposes, e.g. for profiling or linking it to other data. For more information, please visit
Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy
. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information, please click
here
.
Social Media Platforms.
Our Services may contain social media buttons, such as Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Facebook, and YouTube, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Information Collected from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations.
Third-Party Websites, Applications, or Platforms
. To access some of our Services, you may have the option to link an account on a third-party website, application, or platform, such as Google, Apple, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and TikTok (“
Third-Party Platforms
”) with the Services. Third-Party Platforms are not controlled by us and their collection and usage of personal data is subject to their respective privacy policies. We may obtain additional information about you from the Third-Party Platforms, depending on your privacy settings.
Referrals and Sharing Features.
Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral service. Our referral and sharing features may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker).
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below.
Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfill our contract with you and provide you with our Services, such as:
Managing your information and accounts;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services;
Answering requests for customer or technical support;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services, and policy changes;
Processing your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased;
Processing applications if you apply for a job we post on our Services; and
Allowing you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes
We use your information for in our legitimate interest, or to comply with our legal obligations, such as:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads;
Improving, upgrading, or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities, including requests to exercise your rights under this policy;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities;
Sharing information with third parties as needed to provide the Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies; and
Other uses as required to comply with our legal obligations.
Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking.

If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth in “Contact Us” below. 

We may use video and audio recordings of Curators, including images of Curators in recordings (“
Creator Content
”), as described above in “Personal Information We Collect” to market, promote and advertise our Services. We may store such recordings in perpetuity.
Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law.
Consent
. As described above in “Personal Information We Collect,” our Services include Interactive Features that allow you to share personal information about yourself, including potentially sensitive information;
providing this information is purely optional
. We urge you to use caution and discretion before sharing potentially sensitive information with others, including strangers. We may also use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. Sensitive personal information may be subject to special protections under the laws of your country.
De-identified and Aggregated Information
. We may use personal information and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. If we create or receive personal data that has been de-identified or aggregated, we will not attempt to re-identify it, except to comply with applicable law.
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We disclose your information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below.
Disclosures to Provide our Services
The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are described below.
Service Providers
. We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers who use that information to help us provide our Services. This includes service providers that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services.
Business Partners.
We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Other Users/Website Visitors
. As described above in “Personal Information We Collect,” our Services allow you to share your profile and/or User Content with other Users or publicly (subject to your privacy choices), including to those who do not use our Services.
Advertising Partners
. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.”
APIs/SDKs
. We may use third-party Application Program Interfaces (“APIs”) and Software Development Kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our Services. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us” below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES AND RIGHTS
Your Privacy Choices
. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below.
Email and Telephone Communications
. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding our Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).

We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law.
Text Messages
. You may opt out of receiving text messages from us by following the instructions in the text message you have received from us or by otherwise contacting us.
Mobile Devices
. We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may opt out from receiving these push notifications by changing the settings on your mobile device. With your consent, we may also collect precise location-based information via our mobile application. You may opt out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track.”
Do Not Track (
“DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
. You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, our Services may not work properly. 

Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, you may opt-out of personalized advertisements on some mobile applications by following the instructions for
Android
,
iOS
, and
others
.

The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt out of receiving targeted ads from data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these and learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative
,
the Digital Advertising Alliance
,
the European Digital Advertising Alliance
, and
the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
. 

Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Your Privacy Rights
. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request Correction
of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. In some cases, we may provide self-service tools that enable you to update your personal information;
Request Deletion, Anonymization or Blocking
of your personal information when processing is based on your consent or when processing is unnecessary, excessive, or noncompliant;
Request Restriction of or Object to
our processing of your personal information including where the processing of your personal information is based on our legitimate interest or for direct marketing purposes; and
Withdraw your Consent
to our processing of your personal information. If you refrain from providing personal information or withdraw your consent to processing, some features of our Service may not be available. Please note that your withdrawal will only take effect for future processing, and will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
Not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing
, including profiling, which produces legal effects or other significant effects.
Be informed
with clear and concise information about how your personal data is used.
Receive personal data
you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us”
below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected, and take steps to require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.



Your data is retained for 45 days after you close your account or requests deletion.
Support requests including data requests (mentioned in the Your Privacy Rights sections above) are retained for 6 years.
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Fable has collected about them, and whether Fable disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below:
Identifiers
A real name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Advertising networks (online identifiers and/or hashed email addresses)
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Other Users/Public (name and/or photo if you provide a public profile)
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
A name, telephone number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
Service providers (Stripe, Apple App Store and Google Play Store)
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
Gender identity (optional).
Service providers (Stripe, Apple App Store and Google Play Store)
Other Users/Public (name and/or photo if you provide a public profile)
Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Internet or other electronic network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement.
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
Data analytics providers
Service providers
Other Users/Public (depending on content you share via our forums)
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Profile reflecting a consumer's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Advertising networks
Data analytics providers
Service providers
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “Personal Information We Collect” and “How We Use Your Personal Information” above, respectively.
“Sales” of Personal Information under the CCPA
For purposes of the CCPA, Fable does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. That said, we do share information with third-party advertisers for the purpose of promoting our Services. To the extent that such sharing is considered a “sale” under the CCPA, you may opt-out of having your information shared by disabling third-party cookies on your device, or by contacting us as set forth in “Contact Us” below.
Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents

Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include asking you to answer questions regarding your account and use of our Services.

If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us” below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Refer-a-Friend and Similar Incentive Programs.
As described above in “How We Use Your Personal Information” (“Share Content with Friends or Colleagues”),
we may offer referral programs or other incentivized data collection programs. For example, we may offer incentives to you such as discounts or promotional items or credit in connection with these programs, wherein you provide your personal information in exchange for a reward, send your friends a link to register for our Services, or provide personal information regarding your friends or colleagues (such as their email address) and receive rewards when they sign up to use our Services. (The referred party may also receive rewards for signing up via your referral). These programs are entirely voluntary and allow us to grow our business and provide additional benefits to you. The value of your data to us depends on how you ultimately use our Services, whereas the value of the referred party’s data to us depends on whether the referred party ultimately becomes a User and uses our Services. Said value will be reflected in the incentive offered in connection with each program.
Accessibility.
This Privacy Policy uses industry-standard technologies and was developed in line with the World Wide Web Consortium’s Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, version 2.1. If you wish to print this policy, please do so from your web browser or by saving the page as a PDF.
California Shine the Light.
The California “Shine the Light” law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties.
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Information to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
contact+privacy@fable.co
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.

If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child has uploaded personal information to our site without your consent, you may contact us as described in “Contact Us” below. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it, and terminate the child’s account if applicable.
OTHER PROVISIONS
Third-Party Websites/Applications
.
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Supervisory Authority
. If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or Brazil, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

Fable Group Inc. 
Attn: Privacy
P.O Box 60944, Palo Alto, CA 94306
support@fable.co