Bitcoin
All in on bitcoin
Payments
Send Globally
Business
Developer
Learn
Blog
FAQ
Log in
Legal Library
Terms of Service
Authorization Terms
Cookie policy
Privacy Notice
Strike Global Privacy Notice
Last Updated: June 25, 2024
This privacy notice explains how Zap Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates, including Zap Solutions Holdings, Inc., Zap Solutions Europe Sp. z o. o., and E4, S.A. de C.V., (“
Strike
,” “
we
,” or “
us
”) process information about you. This privacy notice applies when you use our websites, mobile applications, browser extension, payment processing services, application programming interfaces, and other online products and services that link to this privacy notice (collectively, our “
Services
”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, or otherwise interact with us or our Services.
If you are a resident of the United States and have a Strike consumer account or begin the process of creating a Strike consumer account, you can also review our U.S. Financial Privacy Notice
here
for a summary of our practices with respect to nonpublic personal information we collect about you. The U.S. Financial Privacy Notice is provided as an alternative way to read about our practices with respect to that information and does not supplement or supersede this privacy notice in any way.
We may change this privacy notice from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this notice and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this privacy notice regularly to stay informed about our information handling practices and the choices available to you.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, you can provide information directly to us when you create a Strike account, use our Services to send and receive money or cryptocurrency or to buy and sell cryptocurrency, request access to or use certain features, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect about you include your name and contact information (such as email address, postal address, and phone number), date of birth, username, profile image, photograph, payment and transaction hashes (including blockchain addresses), identity information you submit (such as government-issued identification numbers, photos of government-issued documents, and proof of address), passcode, payment and financial account information (including payment method information and bank account and routing numbers), transaction information (including information about other parties to the transaction), and any other information you choose to provide.
To open a business account with Strike, we may require you to provide additional information about you and the beneficial owners of the business. The types of additional information we may collect for business accounts includes business name, physical address, mailing address, proof of address, tax ID, name of beneficial owner(s), proof of legal formation (for example, a Certificate of Incorporation), bank statement, bank account information, and name and contact information of employees authorized to act on behalf of the business.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Interact with Us
When you use or interact with our Services, we may automatically collect certain information, including:
Transactional Information
When you transfer, purchase, or sell cryptocurrency or make or receive a payment, we collect information about the transaction, such as the transaction amount, the date of the transaction, the transaction origination and destination (including any address information), and, in some cases, the identity and contact information of the other party to your transaction.
Device Information
We collect information about your device when you interact with our Services, including hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, device identifier, browser type, and app version.
Location Information
We infer your approximate geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) based upon your IP address.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies
We (and our service providers) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us provide and improve our Services and your experience, such as by allowing us to see which areas and features of our Services are popular, store preferences, and help protect our systems and users. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track ("
DNT
") is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties. We do not respond to DNT signals.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We collect information about you (and the other party to a transaction) from third-party sources. For example, we may collect this information from identity verification and know-your-customer service providers, financial services providers, and financial institutions, including information such as name, username, phone number, postal address, transaction confirmations, age, government-issued identification numbers (such as Social Security number), and financial account information (including account balances and transaction history). In some circumstances, our know-your-customer service provider may perform a scan of face geometry from your government identification document or photographs you provide to us to verify your identity, and share information, which may be construed as biometric information under some state laws, from that process with us. In those circumstances, we store, transmit, and protect from disclosure the information shared with us in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which we store other confidential and sensitive information; and delete the information no later than when no longer required for the initial purpose of collection, or within three years from your last interaction with us, whichever occurs first. For more information about our know-your-customer service provider’s use of biometrics and its Privacy Policy, see
https://withpersona.com/legal/privacy-policy
.  In addition, we receive information about you and your use and interactions with our Services, our marketing campaigns, and other third-party websites and services from third-party partners, such as advertising partners who provide us with information about your interest in and engagement with our Services and online advertisements. We may also receive information about you from other users, such as when they engage in transactions with you through our Services or invite you to use our Services. This information may include transaction descriptions that relate to you or your name or username.
Information We Derive
Finally, we may also derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, as noted above, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address, we may infer that certain products or services may be of interest to you based on your transaction history, and we may draw inferences about potential fraudulent activity.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, including to process transactions, identify and repair errors in our Services, and analyze usage over time. We or our service providers also use the information we collect to:
Authenticate and help verify your identity;
Send you transactional or other account-related information, including confirmations, receipts, customer experience surveys, security alerts, transaction updates, and other customer support and administrative messages;
To notify you about changes to our Services;
Send you marketing communications that we think will interest you (see the Your Choices section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
Detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity and help protect the rights and property of Strike and others. Some of this preventative action may prevent you from registering for an account, set deposit or withdrawal limits, or reject requested transactions on an automated basis. If you have questions about the validity of any automated rejection or limitation, please contact us;
To carry out our obligations and enforce the terms of our Services;
De-identify, anonymize, or aggregate your information;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We share information about you in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this notice:
With companies, professional advisors, and contractors that access and/or process your information to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, data storage, identity verification, fraud prevention, payment processing, tax reporting, financial services, customer service and support, legal and consulting services, customer communications, analytics, and marketing and advertising;
Depending on your location, we, or our financial institution partners may provide your personal information to vendors to help verify your identity and prevent fraud, including by determining whether a selfie you take matches the photo in your government-issued identity document.
With financial institutions that we partner with to receive and process payments and transactions you have authorized via the Services. Our financial institution partners may vary depending on your geographic location;
With business partners that provide products or services you request or that jointly offer products and services with us;
With other parties to transactions, including other people you are sending payments to or receive payment from, merchants when you use the Services to pay for goods and services, and their service providers;
With credit and debit card payment service providers (such as Checkout.com) to process credit and debit card transactions. When you choose to make a card transaction, you will provide your card information directly to such service provider, and their privacy policy will apply to the information you provide. Please refer to Checkout.com's privacy policy
here
for information about how they process your data;
With advertisers and advertising networks to facilitate more relevant and targeted advertising, track conversions and provide related services (please see the Analytics and Advertising section below for more details);
If we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process.  For example, we may disclose information about users or transactions in connection with tax filings, regulatory requests, court orders, or law enforcement requests;
If we believe that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, that you have violated the law, or that it is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of Strike, our users, the public, or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Strike and its affiliates for use in connection with the purposes outlined above; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Analytics and Advertising
We allow others to provide analytics services, serve targeted advertising and provide related services for us. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, mobile app SDKs, and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, transaction information and links clicked. This information may be used to, among other things, deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ sites or online services, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand your online activity.  Please see the “Targeted Ads Opt-Out” section below for details on how to opt out of the use of this information for targeted ads.
Transfer of Information to the United States and Other Countries
Strike has operations and service providers in the United States, El Salvador, and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer information about you to jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. When that is the case, we will take steps designed to ensure that information about you receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it. By using the Services, you acknowledge that such transfers of information outside of your country of residence may occur.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update and correct certain account information by logging into your account. If you wish to close your account, please use the tools made available via the settings feature to deactivate your account. Note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes.
Targeted Ads Opt-Out
To opt out of us sharing information with third parties for targeted ads, you can opt out
here
. Please note that this opt-out is only relevant to your mobile device as the information shared for these purposes is currently only collected via our mobile app.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually adjust your browser settings to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Communications Preferences
You may opt out of receiving marketing emails from Strike by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you other non-marketing emails, such as those about your account and transactions or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send push notifications to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Protection of Information
Strike implements security practices and policies designed to protect the confidentiality and security of your nonpublic personal information, which includes the information you provide to register for a consumer account (such as Social Security number and other identifying information) and other nonpublic personal information we collect about you. Strike implements measures designed to limit access to this information to personnel that have a business reason to know it and prohibits its personnel from unlawfully disclosing this information.
Children
To open a Strike Account and use the Services, you must be 18 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from any person under the age of 13 on our Services. If we have inadvertently collected personal information from anyone under age 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information. If you believe that we may have collected any such information, please contact us at support@strike.me.
Additional Disclosures for Users Outside the United States
Depending upon your jurisdiction, you may have certain additional rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data as further described below.
If you reside in an eligible country in Europe for the Services, Zap Solutions Europe Sp. z o. o. and Zap Holdings Holding, Inc. act as joint controllers in respect of your personal information. Strike’s lead supervisory authority under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is Poland’s Personal Data Protection Office, located at ul. Stawki 2, 00-193 Warsaw, +48 22 531 03 00, email: kancelaria@uodo.gov.pl or dwme@uodo.gov.pl.
If you reside in the United Kingdom, Strike's designated Data Protection Representative under UK GDPR is Data Protection Representative (UK) Limited (trading as DataRep UK).  If you have questions about how we process your personal data or wish to exercise any of your data protection rights, please contact our representative by sending an email to DataRep at datarequest@datarep.com quoting Strike / strike.me in the subject line, or via DataRep's online webform at
www.datarep.com/data-request
.  You may also mail your inquiry to DataRep, 107-111 Fleet Street, London EC4A 2AB, United Kingdom.
Legal Basis for Processing
When we process your personal data, we will do so in reliance on the following lawful bases:
To perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., providing the Services you requested).
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests (e.g., to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, conduct data analytics, and communicate with you).
To comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of any consents and track those who have opted out of marketing communications).
When we have your consent to do so. When consent is the legal basis for our processing of your personal data, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Data Subject Requests
Subject to certain limitations, and depending on your jurisdiction, you have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you and to receive your data in a portable format, the right to ask that your personal data be corrected or erased, and the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please email us at support@strike.me. When we receive a request, we may ask you for additional information in order to verify your identity and as a security measure to protect your personal information. In some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your rights, as permitted by applicable law.
Your Argentina Privacy Rights
The Agency of Access to Public Information, in its capacity as the Control Agency of Law No. 25.326, is responsible for dealing with complaints and claims filed by data subjects whose rights are affected by non-compliance with the regulations in force regarding the protection of personal data.
The data controller for Services provided in Argentina is:
E4, S.A. de C.V.
Avenida Las Magnolias, #206
Edificio Torre Insigne, Oficina 8-02 & 8-03
San Salvador, El Salvador
Questions or Complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority where you reside.
Texas consumers.
If you have a complaint, first contact Zap Solutions, Inc. customer support at support@strike.me or (800) 895-6045 (toll-free), if you still have an unresolved complaint regarding the company's money transmission activity, please direct your complaint to: Texas Department of Banking, 2601 North Lamar Boulevard, Austin, Texas 78705, 1-877-276-5554 (toll free),
www.dob.texas.gov
.
Contact Us
If you are in the United States and have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact us at:
Zap Solutions, Inc.
200 North LaSalle, Suite 2360
Chicago, IL 60601
support@strike.me
(800) 895-6045
If you reside outside of the United States, please email us at support@strike.me.
© 2025 NMLS ID 1902919 (Zap Solutions, Inc.)
Get off zero.
Strike
Bitcoin
All in on bitcoin
Payments
Send Globally
Business
API
Resources
Blog
FAQs
Careers
Shop
Social
X
Instagram
Nostr
LinkedIn
Learn
Bitcoin
Lightning
Money
Markets
Mining
Business
Custody
How-to
Legal
Terms of Service
Privacy Notice
E-Sign Consent
Licenses
Disclosures
Platform
Status
Trust
Strike uses cookies to improve your experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Manage preferences
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://withpersona.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Opens in a new window
Opens an external website
Opens an external website in a new window
Close this dialog
We collect, use and store cookies and similar tracking technology via this website, your browser and your device. The information collected may relate to you, your preferences, or your device (including cursor movements, clicks and screen recordings) and is used to make this site work as you expect, and to provide a personalized experience. This technology is used and shared for various purposes such as enhancing and analyzing site navigation and usage, and assisting our advertising and social media efforts, including targeted advertising through third parties. For information about data privacy, refer to our cookie policy and privacy privacy.
You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings.
You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies.
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Storage Preferences
Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Privacy Policy
Last updated: June 5, 2024
‍
This Persona Identities, Inc. (“Persona,” “we”, “us”, or “our”) Privacy Policy is divided into two parts. The first applies to individuals using the Persona Service to verify their identities as part of our Service offered to our business customers. The second applies to our business customers (“Customers”) and visitors to our website (the “Site”). If you are verifying your identity as a LinkedIn member or are using our Reusable Personas feature, please see this
privacy policy
.
California Customers and visitors to our Site can find specific disclosures, including “Notice at Collection” details, by clicking
here
.
‍
Privacy Policy applicable to individuals verifying their identity through the Persona Service
Persona’s Customers offer the Persona service (the “Service”) to securely verify the identity of individuals (“you”). Persona processes Personal Data of individuals at the direction of its Customers. This section of the Privacy Policy explains how Persona, under the direction of its Customers, processes Personal Data in order to provide the Service for its Customers. Personal Data provided to Persona by Customers, and Personal Data provided to Customers from Persona, is subject to the Customers’ Privacy Policy. This section explains what Personal Data (defined below) we collect through the Service, how we use and share that data, and how individuals can exercise choices regarding their Personal Data.
How We Collect and Use Personal Data to Provide the Service
This section describes the Personal Data we collect and how we use it in order to provide the Service to our Customers. Personal Data means information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
You provide Personal Data to us at the direction of our Customers so that our Customer may verify your identity and/or prevent fraud. In the course of performing the Service, we may also obtain Personal Data from other sources such as third party databases, government records, and other publicly available sources. The Personal Data we collect varies based on what you provide, what the Customer has directed us to analyze, and what Personal Data is available from third parties.
You may directly provide:
Name and contact information
, including name, email address, address, and phone number;
Demographic data
, including birthdate and age;
Files you upload,
such as tax forms and utility bills;
Government documents, barcodes, and identifiers
, such as driver's license and Social Security Number; and
Audio, Video, and Photos of you,
namely from the selfie you provide and from your government identification document.
Our Services may also collect the following from you, our Customer, or third parties:
Current and previous name and contact information
, including name, email address, address, and phone number;
Demographic data
, including birthdate and age, gender, marital status, and similar demographic details;
Government documents, barcodes, and identifiers
, such as drivers license and Social Security Numbers;
Device information
, including IP address, device type, your device’s operating system, browser, cookie and device identifiers, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration;
Account information
, such as details about your account with our Customer or other third parties;
Geolocation data;
and
Biometric Data
, including a scan of your facial geometry based on the photos you provide. For more information about Biometric Data, see the Facial Scan and Biometrics Information section below.
Based on the Personal Data we collect from you and other sources, we infer information about you for identity verification and fraud prevention purposes.  For example, we may use certain information about you including your IP address and home address to inform our verification process.
Some data that we collect automatically is collected through cookies and similar technologies.  See our  Cookies section below to learn more.
We use Personal Data to provide our Customers with the Service so they can verify the identity of individuals and prevent fraud. This processing is necessary to perform our contract with our Customers. As part of performing the Service, we use Personal Data to improve and troubleshoot our Services.
Wireless Operator Authorization
To assist our customers  in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, you authorize your wireless carrier to use or disclose information about your account and your wireless device, if available, to us or our service provider for the duration of your business relationship, solely to help them identify you or your wireless device and to prevent fraud. See this Privacy Policy for how we treat your data.
How We Disclose Personal Data
We may engage third parties to assist us in providing the Services, in which case we may disclose Personal Data to them. We may also disclose Personal Data to service providers, including hosting, cloud services and other information technology services providers; email communication and SMS software providers; and identity verification services, mobile device operators, background check providers, public and private records database providers, consumer reporting services, and fraud and identity management providers. For example, we may disclose your name and address to a third party database provider in order to request information they may have about you. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process or store Personal Data while performing their duties to us. We may also disclose Personal Data when required to do so by law.
Facial Scan and Biometrics Information
This section describes how Persona treats scans of facial geometry extracted from photos.
Persona, acting as a service provider to the Customer:
compares the data from a scan of facial geometry extracted from the government identification document that you upload to the data from a scan of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload, in order to help verify your identity (“Verification”); and
may also use your information, including data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the government identification document and photos of your face that you upload, to detect and prevent fraud (“Fraud Prevention”).
The images obtained from government identification document and photos of your face that you upload, and data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the government identification document and photos of your face that you upload, are collected, used and stored directly by Persona on behalf of Customer as Customer’s service provider through Customer’s website or app that you accessed.  Depending on our relationship with the Customer, the Customer may upload your government identification document and photos of your face directly to us.
Persona securely stores all photos of identity documents that you upload, photos of your face that you upload, and data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload in an encrypted format. Persona’s
third-party vendors
may have access to the data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload to provide some or all of the analysis, to store the data, to maintain backup copies, and to service the systems on which such data is stored. Persona will permanently destroy data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload upon completion of Verification or within three years of your last interaction with Persona, consistent with the Customer’s instructions unless Persona is otherwise required by law or legal process to retain the data.
Persona uses the reasonable standards of care within its industry to store, transmit, and protect from disclosure data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload in a manner that is the same as or more protective than the manner in which it stores, transmits, and protects other confidential and sensitive information. Persona will not sell, lease, trade, or, other than to provide the Verification and Fraud Prevention services to Customer described in this policy, otherwise benefit from data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload. Other than as set forth herein, Persona will not disclose, redisclose, or otherwise disseminate data from scans of facial geometry extracted from the photos of your face that you upload unless doing so:
Completes a Customer transaction requested and authorized by you or your legally authorized representative;
Is required by state or federal law, or municipal ordinance;
Is required pursuant to a warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction; or
Is expressly consented to by you.
Choices Regarding Personal Data
Persona is the data processor for the processing of Personal Data on behalf of its Customers. If you are an individual whose identity has been verified through Persona, please contact the appropriate Customer to exercise any rights that you may have under applicable law. If you have further concerns or questions regarding the processing of your Personal Data, please email
privacy@withpersona.com
.
Class Action Waiver
YOU AND PERSONA IDENTITIES, INC., INCLUDING ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS (“COMPANY”) AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDINGS TO RESOLVE OR LITIGATE ANY DISPUTE WILL BE CONDUCTED SOLELY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND THAT NEITHER YOU NOR COMPANY WILL SEEK TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE HEARD AS A CLASS ACTION, A REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, A COLLECTIVE ACTION, A PRIVATE ATTORNEY-GENERAL ACTION, OR IN ANY PROCEEDING IN WHICH YOU OR COMPANY ACTS OR PROPOSES TO ACT IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. YOU AND COMPANY FURTHER AGREE THAT NO PROCEEDING WILL BE JOINED, CONSOLIDATED, OR COMBINED WITH ANOTHER PROCEEDING WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF YOU, COMPANY, AND ALL PARTIES TO ANY SUCH PROCEEDING. THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER COVERS ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY AND ALSO INCLUDES ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND ANY OFFICER, DIRECTOR, BOARD MEMBER, AGENT, EMPLOYEE, VENDOR, AFFILIATE, OR CLIENT OF COMPANY, IF COMPANY COULD BE LIABLE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FOR SUCH DISPUTE.
THE TERM “DISPUTE” SHALL BE INTERPRETED AS BROADLY AS PERMITTED UNDER THE LAW AND SHALL APPLY TO ALL PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE LEGAL DISPUTES AND LEGAL CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY THAT ARE NOW IN EXISTENCE OR THAT MAY ARISE IN THE FUTURE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO LEGAL DISPUTES OR LEGAL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO THESE TERMS, THE COLLECTION OF FACIAL SCANS OR BIOMETRIC INFORMATION, THE PRIVACY POLICY OR COMPANY’S SERVICES; YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH COMPANY; YOUR USE OF ANY COMPANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE; COMPANY’S CONDUCT; AND ANY FEDERAL, STATE, OR LOCAL STATUTE, LAW, RULE, REGULATION OR ORDINANCE APPLICABLE TO THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY AS TO WHICH A COURT WOULD BE AUTHORIZED BY LAW TO GRANT RELIEF IF THE CLAIM WERE SUCCESSFUL (“DISPUTE” OR “DISPUTES”).
Privacy Policy applicable to Customers and Site visitors
Personal Data Collected From Customers and Site Visitors
The Personal Data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the
choices
you make.
We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our services, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data.
Information you provide directly.
We collect Personal Data you provide to us. For example:
Name and contact information.
We collect name, username or alias, and contact details such as email address, postal address, and phone number.
Demographic data.
In some cases, such as when you register or participate in surveys, we request that you provide age, gender, marital status, and similar demographic details.
Payment information.
If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information, and other payment details.
Content and files.
We collect the photos, documents, or other files you upload to our services; and if you send us email messages or other communications, we collect and retain those communications.
Information we collect automatically.
When you use our services, we collect some information automatically. For example:
Identifiers and device information
. When you visit our websites, our web servers automatically log your Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about your device, including device identifiers (such as MAC address); device type; and your device’s operating system, browser, and other software including type, version, language, settings, and configuration. As further described in the
Cookies, Mobile IDs, and Similar Technologies
section below, our websites and online services store and retrieve cookie identifiers, mobile IDs, and other data.
Geolocation data
. Depending on your device and app settings, we collect geolocation data when you use our apps or online services.
‍
Usage data
. We automatically log your activity on our websites, apps and connected products, including the URL of the website from which you came to our sites, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times, and other details about your use of and actions on our website. We also use tools on certain pages of our services to record and analyze your interaction with our services, including tools to track cursor movements and clicks, and record your screen while you’re on our website, to help us improve your experience.
Content of Persona communications.
We collect recordings or transcripts of audio and video communications you have with us, as well as the contents of your communications with us via our website or use our services, such as through our website, forms, applications, surveys, chat features, and other channels.
Information we create or generate.
We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“
inferences
”). For example, we infer your general geographic location (such as city, state, and country) based on your IP address.
Information we obtain from third-party sources.
We also obtain the types of information described above from third parties. These third-party sources include, for example:
Data brokers
. Data brokers and aggregators from which we obtain data to supplement the data we collect.
‍
Third party partners
.  Third party applications and services, including social networks you choose to connect with or interact with through our services.
‍
Co-branding/marketing partners
.  Partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities.
‍
Service providers
.  Third parties that collect or provide data in connection with work they do on our behalf, for example companies that determine your device’s location based on its IP address.
‍
Publicly available sources
.  Public sources of information such as open government databases.
When you are asked to provide Personal Data, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional.
Cookies, Mobile IDs, and Similar Technologies
We use cookies, web beacons, mobile analytics and advertising IDs, and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services and to help collect data, including usage data, identifiers, and device information.
For more information about what cookies and similar technologies we use and how we use them, see our
Cookie Policy
.
How we use Personal Data
We use the Personal Data we collect for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we collect and use the categories of Personal Data described above for the following purposes:
Product and service delivery
, including to provide and deliver our services, including troubleshooting, improving our services, and personalizing our services;
Business operations
, including to operate our business, such as billing, accounting, improving our internal operations, securing our systems, detecting fraudulent or illegal activity, and meeting our legal obligations;
Product improvement, development, and research
, including to develop new services or features, and conduct research;
Personalization
, including to understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our services;
Customer support
, including to provide customer support and respond to your questions;
Communications
, including to send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Marketing
, including to communicate with you about new services, offers, promotions, rewards, contests, upcoming events, and other information about our services and those of our selected partners (see the
Choice and Control
section of this privacy policy for how to change your preferences for promotional communications); and
Advertising
, including display advertising to you (see our
Cookie Policy
for information about personalized advertising and your advertising choices).
How we disclose Personal Data
We disclose Personal Data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the services you have requested or authorized. In addition, we disclose each of the categories of Personal Data described above, with the types of third parties described below, for the following business purposes:
Public information.
You may select options available through our services to publicly display and share your name and/or username and certain other information, such as your profile, demographic data, content and files, or geolocation data.
Service providers.
We provide Personal Data to vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to Personal Data to provide those functions.
Financial services & payment processing.
When you provide payment data, for example to make a purchase, we will provide payment and transactional data to banks and other entities as necessary for payment processing, fraud prevention, credit risk reduction, or other related financial services.
Affiliates.
We enable access to Personal Data across our subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, for example, where we share common data systems or where access is needed to provide our services and operate our business.
Corporate transactions.
We may disclose Personal Data as part of a corporate transaction or proceeding such as a merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, or a transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
Legal and law enforcement.
We will access, disclose, and preserve Personal Data when we believe that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies.
Security, safety, and protecting rights.
We will disclose Personal Data if we believe it is necessary to:
protect our customers and others, for example to prevent spam or attempts to commit fraud, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or
protect the rights or property of ourselves or others, including enforcing our agreements, terms, and policies.
Third party analytics and advertising companies also collect Personal Data through our website and apps including identifiers and device information (such as cookie IDs, device IDs, and IP address), geolocation data, usage data, and inferences based on and associated with that data, as described in our Cookie Policy. These third party vendors may combine this data across multiple sites to improve analytics for their own purpose and others. For example, we use Google Analytics on our website to help us understand how users interact with our website; you can learn how Google collects and uses information at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Please note that some of our services include integrations, references, or links to services provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide Personal Data to any of those third parties, or allow us to share Personal Data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements. Finally, we may share de-identified information in accordance with applicable law.
Other third-party analytics and advertising providers we use on our websites are described in our
Cookie Policy
.
Some of the data disclosures to these third parties may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Data as defined under the laws of California and other U.S. states.  Please see the
Choice and Control
and
California Privacy Rights
sections for more details.
Data Retention
We retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and our legal or contractual obligations.
Choice and Control of Personal Data
We provide a variety of ways for you to control the personal data we hold about you, including choices about how we use that data. In some jurisdictions, these controls and choices may be enforceable as rights under applicable law.Access, portability, correction, and deletion.
If you wish to access, correct, or delete Personal Data about you that we hold, you may use this
form
or email
privacy@withpersona.com
to make your request.
Communications preferences.
You can choose whether to receive promotional communications from us by email, and telephone. If you receive promotional email from us and would like to stop, you can do so by following the directions in that message or by contacting us as described in the
Contact Us
section below. If you receive a sales call from us, you can ask to be placed on our do-not-call list. These choices do not apply to certain informational communications including surveys and mandatory service communications.
Choices for Cookies and Similar Technologies.
See our
Cookie Policy
for choices about cookies and other analytics and advertising controls.
Data sales and targeted advertising.
Some privacy laws define “sale” broadly to include some the disclosures described in the
How we Disclose Personal Data
section above. To opt-out from such data “sales” or targeted advertising, click on “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” on the footer of our website.
Except for the automated controls described above, if you send us a request to exercise your rights or these choices, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may decline requests in certain cases. For example, we may decline requests where granting the request would be prohibited by law, could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, would reveal a trade secret or other confidential information, or would interfere with a legal or business obligation that requires retention or use of the Personal Data. Further, we may decline a request where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the Personal Data relates, the request is unreasonable or excessive, or where otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you receive a response from us informing you that we have declined your request, in whole or in part, you may appeal that decision by submitting your appeal as described in the
Contact Us
section below.
European, UK, Swiss Data Protection Rights
If the processing of Personal Data about you is subject to European Union, United Kingdom, and/or Swiss data protection laws, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, Personal Data;
If any automated processing of Personal Data is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the Personal Data in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing;
You can object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of Personal Data under certain circumstances; and
For residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of Personal Data after your death.
To make such requests please contact us as described in the
Contact Us
section below.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing Personal Data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and the processing of Personal Data about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), you have certain rights with respect to that information.
Notice at Collection.
At or before the time of collection, you have a right to receive notice of our practices,  including the
categories
of Personal Data, the
purposes
for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is
sold or shared
, and how long such information is
retained
. You can find those details in this policy by clicking on the above links.
Right to Know.
You have a right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we have collected about you.  You also have a right to request additional information about our collection, use, disclosure, or sale of such Personal Data. Note that we have provided much of this information in this privacy policy. You may make such a “request to know” by emailing us at
privacy@withpersona.com
.
Rights to Request Correction or Deletion.
You also have rights to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data and that we delete Personal Data under certain circumstances, subject to a number of exceptions. To make a request to correct or delete, email us at
privacy@withpersona.com
.
Right to Opt-Out / “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information”.
You have a right to opt-out from future “sales” or “sharing” of Personal Data as those terms are defined by the CCPA.
The CCPA/CPRA requires us to describe the categories of Personal Data we sell and/or share to third parties and how to opt-out of future sales or sharing.  The CCPA/CPRA defines “sell,” “share,” and “personal information” very broadly, and some of our data sharing described in this privacy policy may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under those definitions, such as  disclosing Personal Data to third parties for our own advertising purposes. We let advertising and analytics providers collect IP addresses and cookie IDs along with associated device and usage data when you access our website, but we do not “sell” or “share” any other types of Personal Data.
If you do not wish for us or our partners to “sell” or “share” Personal Data relating to your visits to our websites for advertising purposes, you can make your request by clicking on
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page, using a Global Privacy Control, or emailing us at
privacy@withpersona.com
. If you opt-out using these choices, we will not share or make available such Personal Data in ways that are considered a “sale” or “sharing” under the CCPA.  However, we will continue to make available to our partners (acting as our service providers) some Personal Data to help us perform advertising-related functions. Further, using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously “sold” or “shared” Personal Data or stop all interest-based advertising.
We do not knowingly sell or share the Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
You have a right to limit our use of sensitive Personal Data for any purposes other than to provide the services or goods you request or as otherwise permitted by law. Note that we do not use Sensitive Personal Data for any such additional purposes.
You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights under the CCPA/CPRA. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us.
Further, to provide, correct, or delete specific pieces of Personal Data will need to verify your identity to the degree of certainty required by law. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or requiring you to provide information necessary to verify your account. For some types of Personal Data we may have, there may be no reasonable method by which we can verify your identity as the person to whom that data relates.
Finally, you have a right to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights set out in the CCPA/CPRA.
Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided Personal Data to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed Personal Data to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Please be aware that we do not disclose Personal Data to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law.
California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing
privacy@withpersona.com
. Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated e-mail address.
Notice for Australian Residents
Persona will comply with the
Privacy Act 1988(Cth) including the Australian Privacy Principles
. You may contact Persona with questions or to complain about any privacy issues by contacting Persona at
dpo@withpersona.com
. If you believe that we have failed to resolve the privacy complaint satisfactorily you have the option of contacting the OAIC. Contact details of the OAIC may be found
here
.
Location of Personal Data
The Personal Data we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers process data. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States and Germany. The storage location(s) are chosen to operate efficiently and improve performance. We take steps designed to ensure that Personal Data is processed and protected as described in this policy wherever the data is located.
Location of Processing European Personal Data.
We transfer Personal Data from the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections.
Compliance With Data Privacy Framework Principles
. Persona complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Persona has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Persona has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. If third-party agents process Personal Data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damages. If you have a question or complaint related to our compliance with the Data Privacy Framework Principles, please contact us as described in the
Contact Us
section below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Persona commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Finally, under limited circumstances and after other available dispute resolution mechanisms have been exhausted, binding arbitration is available to address certain residual complaints under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, and the UK-Extension Framework not resolved by other means.
Security
We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
To help us protect Personal Data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy when necessary to reflect changes in our services, how we use Personal Data, or the applicable law. When we post changes to the Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law.
Contact Us
If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for Persona, please feel free to use this
form
or contact us via email at
privacy@withpersona.com
.
Our postal address is Persona Identities, Inc., 981 Mission Street #95, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States.
Our data protection representative for the European Economic Area and Switzerland is George Barry, 4 St Christopher's Rd, Montenotte, Cork, T23 E9TR, Ireland. To make an inquiry to George Barry, please contact
privacy@withpersona.com
.
Our data protection representative for the UK is: S. Alec Lawton, Graigwen, Plasycoed road, Pontypool Torfaen, NP4 6QH, UK. To make an inquiry to S. Alec Lawton, please contact
privacy@withpersona.com
.
To contact our data protection office (DPO) please feel free to contact them at
dpo@withpersona.com
‍
Table of contents
Privacy Policy applicable to individuals verifying their identity through the Persona Service
Privacy Policy applicable to Customers and Site visitors
Notice for Australian Residents
Contact Us
The English language version controls, translations provided for convenience only