UK Lotto
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
These Terms govern your use of our Website. Please read these Terms in full before you use this Website. Your continued use of this Website confirms your acceptance to abide to and comply with all Terms set out in this document and the Privacy Policy of our Website (together the “Terms”). You must not use this Website if you disagree with these Terms.
1.	INRODUCTION
1.1.	This Website is run and operated by Take That Limited, a company incorporated and registered under the laws of England, with registered office at The London Office, 85 Great Portland Street, First Floor, London W1W 7LT (herein referred to “Us”, “We”, “Our”).
1.2.	We reserve the right to amend, alter, delete or add any of the provisions of these Terms, at any time and at its sole discretion, without the need of notifying you in advance. Any such modification will take effect immediately after the date of posting any updated version of the Terms on this Website.
2.	DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
In these Terms, references to the following words shall have the meanings set out below:
2.1.	"Visitors(s)" means any person who access this Website and Terms.
2.2.	"Services" means any product or service provided to Visitors through Our Website.
2.3.	"Website(s)" means the site you are accessing on which these Terms are being published.
2.4.	“You” means you accessing and using the Website.
3.	ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
3.1.		By using our website or forum you agree to not:
3.1.1.	publishing any Website material in any other media;
3.1.2.	selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material;
3.1.3.	publicly performing and/or showing any Website material;
3.1.4.	using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website;
3.1.5.	using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website;
3.1.6.	using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity;
3.1.7.	engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website;
3.1.8.	using this Website to engage in any advertising or marketing.
Certain areas of this Website are restricted from being access by you and We may further restrict access by you to any areas of this Website, at any time, in absolute discretion. Any user ID and password you may have for this Website are confidential and you must maintain confidentiality as well.
4.	NO RELIANCE ON INFORMATION
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on Our Website, we make no guarantees that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up-to-date. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on Our Website. Please remember that the open and real-time nature of the forums makes it impossible for us to vouch for the validity of any content posted. As such, we are not responsible for any messages posted or the consequences of following any advice offered within posts. It is solely your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness and usefulness of all opinions, advice, and other information posted in a forum or on our website for that matter. We reserve the right to edit any message posted in the discussion forum if we decide it is in breach of/conflicts with the main purpose of this policy.
5.	LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITES
Throughout this Website you may find links to third party websites. The provision of a link to such a website does not mean that we endorse that website.  If you visit any website via a link on this Website you do so at your own risk. We hold no liability for any damage, loss or harm caused by visiting any websites or clicking any links listed on Our Wesbite. Links to third party websites on this Website are provided solely for informative/educational purposes. If you use these links, you leave this Website.
6.	PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA AND COOKIES
We take the utmost care to protect the personal information you provide to us. You can find our data protection policy and cookies information in our Privacy Policy available
HERE
.
7.	WARRANTIES
7.1.		You hereby warrant when accessing and using the Website that:
7.1.1.	You are of legal age in the applicable jurisdiction, competent and duly authorised to agree and enter into these Terms.
7.1.2.	You shall comply with all applicable rules, laws and regulations in connection with the promotions offered through this Website.
7.1.3.	You fully understand and accept these Terms.
7.1.4.	To be solely responsible and liable for the use you make of our Website, without limitation, any content, images and information included and any other actions that you may take, directly or indirectly, in connection with these Terms, which must be professional, proper and lawful under applicable laws and in accordance with these Terms.
7.1.5.	To not perform any act which is libellous, discriminatory, obscene, unlawful, or otherwise unsuitable or which contains sexually explicit, pornographic, obscene, or graphically violent materials, which is, in our sole discretion otherwise unsuitable.
7.1.6.	To not portray, condone or encourage gambling behaviour that is socially irresponsible or could lead to financial, social or emotional harm, or conduct any type of marketing that promotes irresponsible gambling behaviour such as to persons having economic constraints, limitations on the capacity to understand information, mental health issues, or showing indicators of problem gambling.
7.1.7.	To not develop and/or implement marketing and/or public relations strategies which are misleading, pressure the Visitors, trivialize gambling, portray gambling as indispensable or as a solution to problems, or encourages anti-social behaviour.
7.1.8.	To not in any way alter, change, intercept, modify, redirect, interfere the use and operation or accessibility of the Website, or any page thereof.
7.1.9.	To not register as a Visitor on behalf of any third party or authorize or assist any other person to register as a player.
7.1.10.	To not attempt to communicate with Visitors whether directly or indirectly to solicit them to move to any website not owned by us or for other purposes without our prior approval.
7.1.11.	To not, at any time, directly or indirectly, independently or through others, authorize, allow, assist, or encourage any third party to breach any of the provisions included in these Terms.
7.1.12.	To not take any action that could reasonably cause any potential Visitors confusion as to our relationship with You or any third party, or as to the ownership or operation of the Website.
7.1.13.	To not post, serve or publish any advertisements, communications or promotional content promoting the Website, from or within the Website, or any part of the Website pages thereof (for example and without limitation through any "framing" techniques, pop-up windows or pop-under windows) to target potential visitors from the Website itself.
7.1.14.	To not attempt to intercept or redirect (including, without limitation, via user-installed software) traffic from or on any website or other channel that is linked to Our Website or with which we are otherwise engaged.
7.1.15.	To not use any means to promote websites which resemble in any way the look and/or feel of the Website, whether in whole or in part, nor utilize any such means or website and/or channel to create the impression that such website are the Website (or any part of the thereof).
7.1.16.	To not place content and/or material on the Website or other channel, where the content and/or material on such website or channel: (a) infringes any third party's rights, including intellectual property rights; (b) copies or resembles any component thereof, in whole or in part; (c) disparages us or otherwise damages our goodwill or reputation in any way; or (d) frames any page of the Website in whole or in part.
8.	LIABILITIES AND INDEMNIFICATIONS
8.1.	NO WARRANTIES.  WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY LAW, STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) WITH RESPECT TO, THE WEBSITE,  OUR BRANDS, OUR SERVICES, THE MARKETING MATERIALS AND/OR ANY CONTENT, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AVAILABLE THEREIN OR RELATED THERETO OR THAT OUR WEBSITE OR OUR BRANDS, SYSTEM, NETWORK, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE (OR THAT PROVIDED TO US BY THIRD PARTIES) WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED OR WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR SUITABILITY OF ALL OR ANY OF THE FOREGOING. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED OTHERWISE IN THESE TERMS, ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND IMPLIED TERMS ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. FURTHERMORE, NEITHER WE (NOR OUR PROVIDERS, AFFILIATES OR UNDERLYING VENDORS) ARE REQUIRED TO MAINTAIN REDUNDANT SYSTEM(S), NETWORK, SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE.
8.2.	Indemnification. You shall defend, indemnify and hold us and our officers, directors, shareholders, employees, attorneys and representatives free and harmless from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) resulting or arising in connection with your breach of these Terms.
9.	MISCELLANEOUS
9.1.	RELATIONSHIP OF THE PARTIES. There is no relationship of exclusivity, partnership, joint venture, employment, agency or franchise between You or Us or any of our affiliates under these Terms. Neither party has the authority to bind the other (including the making of any representation or warranty, the assumption of any obligation or liability and/or the exercise of any right or power), except as expressly provided in these Terms.
9.2.	NON-EXCLUSIVE. You understand that we may at any time (directly or indirectly), enter into marketing terms with other websites, on the same or different terms as those provided to you in these Terms and that such website may be similar, and even competitive, to you. You understand that we may re-direct traffic and users from the Website to any other website that we deem appropriate in our sole discretion, without any additional compensation to you.
9.3.	INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. Nothing contained in these Terms will grant You any right, title or interest in the trademarks, trade names, service marks, name domains or other intellectual property rights of Ours (the “Intellectual Property Rights”). At no time during or after the term will You attempt, challenge, assist or allow others to challenge, to register or to attempt to register our and/or our Third-Party Intellectual Property Rights or within our group of companies. Provided also that neither will You register nor attempt to register any Intellectual Property Rights which is basically similar to and/or confusingly similar to any Intellectual Property Rights which belongs to Us or our Third-Party providers or within our group of companies.
9.4.	ASSIGNMENT. We are allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract our rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
9.5.	SEVERABILITY/WAIVER. Whenever possible, each provision of these Terms will be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but, if any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent of such invalidity, or unenforceability, without invalidating the remainder of these Terms or any other provision hereof. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce any rights and must be in writing to be effective.
9.6.	ENTIRE AGREEMENT. These Terms embodies the complete agreement and understanding between You and Us hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes any prior agreement or understanding between You and Us in relation to such subject matter.
9.7.	THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. Except insofar as these Terms expressly provide that a third party may in their own right enforce the Terms, a person who is not a party to these Terms has no right under local law or statute to rely upon or enforce any term of these Terms t but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from under that local law or statute.
9.8.	GOVERNING LAW. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England without giving effect to conflicts of law principles. You irrevocably agree to submit, for the benefit of Us, to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England, for the settlement of any claim, dispute or matter arising out of or concerning these Terms or its enforceability and you irrevocably waive any objection to proceedings in such courts on the grounds of venue or on the grounds that proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum.
These Terms are Version 1.0, as released and published on the 03.01.2023.