Celebs Privacy Policy
Sociaaal Privacy Policy
Effective Date
: 01/12/2023
Welcome to Sociaaal! Sociaaal LLC operates Cappuccino, Litstick, Celebs, Celebify, Vibe, Fontmaker, Fontkey, Babylab, Autopaste, Ristretto, DailyLife, Petflix, MyLife, HeroMe and Rizz God mobile applications and integrations on partner products and services (hereinafter referred to as the “
Service
”). Sociaaal LLC (“
Sociaaal
”, “
us
”, “
we
”, or “
our
”) are committed to protecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy governs your use of the Service, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of the Service. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use. Our Terms of Use (“
Terms
”) govern all use of the Service and should be read together with the Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
It is important that you read and understand the entire Privacy Policy before using the Service. For ease of review, below is a table of contents that links to each section. Please note that the complete provisions and not the headings shall govern. You can click on the headings to be taken to the full explanation.
1.
Types of Personal Information We May Collect, Use, and Disclose
We collect, use, and disclose information that may be used to uniquely identify you in various ways in accordance with applicable law.
1.
Cookies and Tracking Technologies
We collect information about your use of the Service through cookies and other tracking technologies.
1.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We may share your personal information with certain third parties, including service providers and advertising partners.
1.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
1.
Data Security
We use reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information.
1.
How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
We explain how you may exercise your privacy rights.
1.
California Privacy Notice
We provide additional disclosures and rights to California residents.
1.
Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Privacy Notice
We provide additional disclosures and rights to Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents.
1.
Nevada Privacy Notice
We provide additional disclosures and rights to Nevada residents.
1.
European Privacy Notice
We provide additional disclosures and rights to residents of the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
1.
Canadian Privacy Notice
We provide additional disclosures and rights to Canadian residents.
1.
International Transfers of Your Personal Information
2.
Children's Privacy
Your personal information may be transferred to the U.S. and other countries.
The Service is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we use reasonable age verification measures to limit access to the Service.
1.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date they are posted.
1.
Contact Us
You may contact us for comments or questions in various ways.
“
Personal information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with an identifiable individual. Personal information includes “
personal data
” as that term is defined in applicable privacy laws, as may be further described in
Sections 7 - 11
of this Privacy Policy. Personal information does not include publicly available information; lawfully obtained, truthful information that is a matter of public concern; information that has been de-identified, or aggregate consumer information. For more information how we collect and use the information in the following table, please review Sections 8-15. We may disclose non-personal information, such as aggregated user statistics, to third parties. Our use of aggregated, anonymized, and de-identified data is not subject to this privacy policy.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
Examples
Processing Purposes Linked to Categories
Categories of Third Party Recipients (Excluding Services Providers and Affiliates)
Identifiers
• Name
• Email address
• Account username
• Phone number
• Device identifiers, including data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device through the Service
• Certain social media account information, including user ID
• IP address
• Unique device identifiers
• App identifiers
• Device operating system information
• To contact you and provide information
• Customer service
• For identity and age verification as required under applicable law
• To provide, maintain, and improve the Service
• To facilitate interactive features
• For internal analytics
• Marketing our products and services
• Marketing the products and services of others
• Promotions and sweepstakes
• For internal business purposes, including general business administration
• Audit, compliance, legal, policy, procedure, and regulatory obligations
• Customer claims and fraud investigation and prevention
• Systems and data security
• Protecting the safety of our employees and others
• Targeted advertising
• 
• 
• For any purpose that is compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by you
•
• Third-party advertising marketing companies
• Other individuals with your consent
Commercial information
• Information about your interests and preferences
Same purposes as noted for “Identifiers”
Third-party advertising marketing companies
Internet or other electronic network activity information
• Log file information
• Browser type
• Operating system information
• Referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information
• Content and information about your communications through the Service
• Web request information
• User Device ID
• Platform (iOS/Android)
• Device OS Version
• App version
• First request time
• Language
• Region/Country
• Timezone
• Model
• Diagnostic data
Same purposes as noted for “Identifiers”
Third-party advertising marketing companies
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information
• Face Data, including images (photo or video) that you provide us in or through the Service, and/or other information related to human faces obtained from your images (photo or video) and/or through the use of Apple Vision API technologies
• Any original text, audio recordings, photos, videos, music, and other media you may share on the Service in order to use certain functions on the Service
•
Same purposes as noted for “Identifiers”
N/A
Biometric Information
Information about your face position, orientation, and topology on your image and/or video frame
• For internal business purposes, including general business administration
• Customer claims and fraud investigation and prevention
• Systems and data security
• Protecting the safety of our employees and others
• Internal analytics
N/A
Characteristics or protected classifications
• 
• Age 
• Gender
• For age verification
• For internal business purposes, including general business administration
• Customer claims and fraud investigation and prevention
• Systems and data security
• Protecting the safety of our employees and others
• Internal analytics
N/A
Professional or employment-related information
• Occupation
• Same purposes as “Identifiers”
• Third-party advertising marketing companies
Education Information
• Education level
• Same purposes as “Identifiers”
• Third-party advertising marketing companies
Inferences about you using any of the above
• Information drawn from any of the information above categories of information
• For any of the purposes listed above
Third-party advertising marketing companies
Please note that because of the overlapping nature of certain of the categories of personal information identified above, which are required by state law, some of the personal information we collect may be reasonably classified under multiple categories.
Images and biometric information.
To help you use certain functionalities on the Service, we sometimes use simple image classification and matching algorithms that runs locally on your device (meaning that the images never leave your device) securely through CoreML. The algorithm used on the Service does not use AI facial recognition technology as it's not used to identify you or other users on the Service. The Service does not have any of the following features or effects: human aging, gender transit, face swap, or future baby appearance prediction references.
We only process this information for the specific purposes listed above and under Section 2 of this Privacy Policy, and we do not sell, share, or disclose or otherwise use this information for any other purposes. We retain this information for as long as required under applicable laws and regulations.  Where a third-party service provider assists with receiving and processing this information, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not to use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on the Service and we hold certain information. When you use the Service, we may use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use the Service and provide features to you. We may ask our partners to serve the services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party.
Log file information.
Log file information is automatically reported by the Service each time you make a request to access (i.e., visit) it. It can also be provided when the content of the Service is downloaded to your device.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include unique identifiers. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Strictly Necessary.
We may use cookies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access our website, including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality.
Performance Related.
We may use cookies that are useful in order to assess the performance of our website, including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content, products or services offered through our website.
Functionality Related.
We may use cookies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing our website, including identifying you when you sign in to our website or keeping track of your specified preferences, including in terms of the presentation of content on our website.
Targeting Related.
We may use cookies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our website and third party sites based on how you interact with advertisements or content.
We may use Google Analytics or other service providers for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users use the Service. Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other usage information) may be transmitted to and stored by Google Analytics and other service providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these service providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and other Internet usage. Firebase and Firebase Crashlytics are analytics provided by Google Inc. You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-Out.
We also use Facebook Analytics, which you can disable by following the instructions
here
. For more information on Meta’s privacy practices, please read Meta’s
Privacy Policy
. Information on how to adjust your ad settings can be found
here
.
Third-Party Ad Networks.
Certain companies may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") AdChoices Program and may display an Advertising Option Icon for Interest-based Ads that links to an opt-out tool which allows you to exercise certain choices regarding targeting. You can learn more about the DAA AdChoices Program at http://www.youradchoices.com/ and its opt-out program for mobile apps at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices. In addition, certain advertising networks and exchanges may participate in the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). NAI has developed a tool that allows consumers to opt out of certain Interest-based Ads delivered by NAI members' ad networks. To learn more about opting out of such targeted advertising or to use the NAI tool, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Ads, you will continue to receive non-targeted ads. Further, opting out of one or more NAI or DAA members only means that those selected members should no longer under the DAA / NAI rules deliver certain targeted ads to you. This will affect this and other services, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser(s), or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. Mobile device opt-outs will not affect browser-based Interest-based Ads even on the same device, and you must opt-out separately for each device. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
Among our brands and affiliates.
We may share personal information among our various brands and affiliates to provide our Services, and for internal administrative purposes.
Our service providers.
We share personal information with our service providers to provide services on our behalf, such as payment processing, analytics, advertising, hosting, marketing, customer and technical support, and other services. These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Third-party platform advertising.
We may share your information with third-party platform providers who assist us in serving advertising regarding the Services to others who may be interested. We also partner with third parties who use Cookies to serve interest-based advertising and content on their respective third-party platforms that may be based on your preferences, location and/or interests.
Compliance and harm prevention.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
Affiliate and business transfers and transactions.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, or other corporate combination, your personal information may be transferred to the acquiring or surviving entity.
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain certain personal information for internal analysis purposes. This information is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Our determination of precise retention periods will be based on (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position, including regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations.
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Certain states provide residents with certain rights with respect to their personal information or personal data as defined under applicable law, including residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah as detailed in Sections 7 and 8. Please review Sections 7 and 8 for more information on state-specific rights and terms.
Exercising your privacy rights
. If you are a resident of the U.S., Europe, or Canada and any of the notices below apply to you, please use the following information to exercise your rights. Please note that any request you submit to us is subject to an identification and residency verification process as permitted under applicable law, as well as certain other procedural requirements that may be noted in the sections below. Additionally, all requests are subject to certain exceptions under applicable law, which may vary.
If you are a visually-impaired customer, a customer who has another disability or a customer who seeks support in other language, you may access your privacy rights by emailing us at
privacy@sociaaal.com.
Except where otherwise noted, we will respond to your request within forty-five (45) days after receipt and we reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional forty-five (45) days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first forty-five (45) days. As described below, in some jurisdictions, an authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your rights on your behalf.
How to submit a request
. If you wish to exercise any of the rights in Sections 7-11 please send your request(s) using one of the following methods:
Email
: privacy@sociaaal.com
Mail
: 311 2nd Street Sausalito, CA, 94965 USA
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless its excessive, repetitive, manifestly unfounded, or in accordance with applicable law.  If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Depending on applicable law, you may be limited in how many verifiable or authenticated consumer request you make within a twelve (12) month period. If we have collected information on your minor child, you may exercise the above rights on behalf of your minor child. Additionally, in some jurisdictions, you may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, and if so, we may require proof of the agent’s authorization by you and/or verification of the agent’s own identity. Generally, a rights request must include:
Sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which must include, at a minimum, your first and last name and email address.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify or authenticate your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you.
You are not required to create an account with us to submit a verifiable or authenticated consumer request. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable or authenticated consumer request to verify your (or your authorized agent’s as applicable) identity or authority to make the request.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.  If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
This California Privacy Notice provides additional information regarding the personal information as defined in Section 1 about California residents that we collect, how we use it, what sources it is derived from, and who we disclose it to, and provides information regarding to California residents’ rights, and our responsibilities, under the California Consumer Privacy Act and its amendments in the California Privacy Rights Act (“
CCPA
”), and other relevant California laws and regulations. For the purposes of this section, except where a different definition is noted, “
personal information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household. Additionally, for purposes of this section, “
publicly available information
” includes: information is made available from federal, state, or local government records; information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully available to the general public, either through widely distributed media, or by the consumer; and information that is made available by a person to whom the consumer has disclosed the information if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
The CCPA provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information, as well as rights to access, correct, delete, and restrict the sale, use, and disclosure of certain personal information we collect about them. California residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of your privacy rights under the CCPA.
If you are a visually-impaired customer, a customer who has another disability or a customer who seeks support in other language, you may access your privacy rights by emailing us at privacy@sociaaal.com.
Personal Information We Collect
We may collect, or have collected, the categories of personal information about you as described in Sections 1 and 2. Additionally, for purposes of this section, “
publicly available information
” includes: information is made available from federal, state, or local government records; information that a business has a reasonable basis to believe is lawfully available to the general public, either through widely distributed media, or by the consumer; and information that is made available by a person to whom the consumer has disclosed the information if the consumer has not restricted the information to a specific audience.
Certain of the personal information that we collect, as described above, may constitute “
sensitive personal information
” as defined by California law. This may include:
Government-issued identification card; and
Faceprint
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use the personal information we collect about you for all of the purposes outlined in Sections 1 and 2 above.
When we collect sensitive personal information as described in Section 7(a) above, we do so for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To facilitate interactive features
For internal analytics
For any purpose with your consent
Sources of Personal Information
We may collect personal information about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you and other users
through your interactions with and use of the Service as well as in relation to your participation in Company programs
Through cookies and tracking technologies
, as described in Section 2
From third parties
, including our third party service providers, business and marketing partners, analytics providers, ad network providers, ad agencies, and advertisers
From government agencies or public records
From social media and other content platforms
, if you access the Service through a third-party connection or log-in or interact with us on these platforms
We may supplement the information described above with information we obtain from other sources, including from both online and offline information providers.
Whom We Disclose Personal Information To
We limit our disclosure of the categories of personal information above to our service providers for one or more
business purposes
. “
Business purposes
” means the reasonably necessary and proportionate use of personal information for our operational purposes, other purposes described in this Privacy Policy, for the operational purposes of our service providers and contractors, as well as other purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. This includes the business purposes described in Sections 1 and 2.
We may “
sell
” and/or “
share
” share personal information with third party partners as part of targeted advertising initiatives. That sharing may constitute a “sale” and/or “share” under
California law, even though we do not receive monetary payment for sharing or disclosing personal information to these third parties.
In the last 12 months (from the last updated date listed at the top of this Privacy Policy), we have “sold” or “shared” the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Inferences
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, subject to applicable law, you have the following rights under California law:
Right to Know and Access.
You have the right to know what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell or share as those terms are defined under applicable state law. You may ask us to provide you a portable copy of this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request under certain circumstances that we as well as our service providers and contractors delete the personal information that we collect about you.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information.
You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale/sharing of your personal information by us. Please see our Notice of Right to Opt-Out below for more information.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure.
You have the right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only the uses necessary for us to provide goods or services to you or that you otherwise reasonably expect. However, to the extent we collect sensitive personal information, we do not use it for such secondary purposes.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
How to exercise your rights
. You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by following the instructions in Section 6.
f. Notice of Right to Opt-Out
If you wish to opt-out of the “sale”/“sharing” of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising as described in Sections 1 and 2, please follow the instructions in the in Section 6. Please note that we do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child has provided us with information without your consent, please review Section 13 below and contact us by email at
privacy@sociaaal.com.
We also encourage you to utilize the cookie preferences options that appear in the cookie banner on the Service. Finally, you may also visit the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising for more information about opting out of seeing targeted digital advertisements and how to opt bank in if desired. You may also learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings.
g. Notice of Financial Incentives
We do not offer financial incentives involving the collection of personal information through the Service at this time. Should we offer any financial incentives in the future, we will update this Privacy Policy and notify you.
h. Retention of Personal Information
We will retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained as described in Section 4.
Certain states provide residents with certain rights with respect to their personal information or personal data as defined under applicable law, including residents of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah.
This Privacy Notice contains additional information for residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia regarding personal data as defined in
Section 1
that we collect, how we use it, what sources it is derived from, and who we disclose it to, and provides information regarding your rights, and our responsibilities, under applicable laws and regulations. The provisions contained within this section are intended to provide notices in compliance with the Colorado Privacy Act (“
CPA
”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“
CTDPA
”), the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“
UCPA
”) and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“
VCDPA
”). This section does not apply to certain personal data that is already subject to certain federal and state regulations, such as protected health information.
The CPA, CTDPA, UCPA, and VCDPA provides rights to residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, respectively, to receive certain disclosures and access regarding collection, use, sale, and sharing of personal data.
We explain what kinds of personal data we may collect or have collected, how we collect it, why we collect it, and to whom we may disclose it to, including for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising, above in Sections 1 and 2.
Personal Data We Collect
We may collect, use, and disclose personal data from or about you as described in Sections 1 and 2.
Certain of the information we collect constitutes “sensitive data” as defined under the Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia law, including faceprint data.
b. How We Use Your Personal Data
We use the personal data we collect about you for all of the purposes outlined in Sections 1 and 2.
c. Sources of Personal Data
We may collect personal data about you from the categories of sources described in Section 7(c).
d. Whom We Disclose Personal Data To
We limit our disclosure of the categories of personal data above to our service providers for one or more
business purposes
. “
Business purposes
” means the necessary, reasonable, and proportionate use of this personal data for the specific purposes described in this privacy policy
We may “
sell
” personal data with third party partners as part of targeted advertising initiatives. That sharing may constitute a “sale” under the CPA, CTDPA, UCPA, and VCDPA, even though we do not receive monetary payment for sharing or disclosing personal data to these third parties, even though we do not receive monetary payment for sharing or disclosing personal data to these third parties.
In the last 12 months (from the last updated date listed at the top of this Privacy Policy), we have “sold” the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity information
Inferences
Please review the other disclosures in this Privacy Policy, including Sections 1 and 2 for more information about these practices, as well as your opt-out rights under Sections 8(e) and 8(f) below.
e. Your Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, you have the following rights under applicable law in relation to your personal data, subject to certain exceptions:
Right to Know and Access.
You have the right to know what personal data we collect, use, disclose, and/or sell or share as those terms are defined under applicable state law. You may ask us to provide you a portable copy of this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period.
Right to Delete.
You have the right to request under certain circumstances that we as well as our service providers and contractors delete the personal data that we collect about you.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Data.
You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate personal data.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing.
You have the right to opt-out of our processing of your personal data for purposes of (i) targeted advertising, (ii) the sale of personal data, or (iii) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that we do not use your personal data for sales or profiling.
Right to Provide Affirmative Consent.
If you are a Connecticut, Colorado, or Virginia resident, we cannot process your sensitive data or your sensitive data inferences, or use your personal data for certain purposes without your affirmative consent. If you are a Utah resident, you have the right to opt out of having your sensitive personal data processed.
Right to Non-Discrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the privacy rights described above.
How to exercise your rights.
You may exercise or designate an agent to exercise the above rights by following the instructions in Section 6.
f. Additional Disclosures for Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents
Bona Fide Loyalty Program Notice for Colorado residents.
We do not offer loyalty programs involving the collection of personal data through the Service at this time. Should we offer any, we will update this Privacy Policy and notify you.
Connecticut residents.
If you are a Connecticut resident and want to appeal our decision with regard to a request that you have made, please contact us using the information in Section 6 above. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of our reasons in reaching the decision. If the appeal is denied, you may contact Connecticut’s Office of the Attorney General by phone at (860) 808-5420 or by submitting a form here.
Virginia residents.
If you are a Virginia resident and want to appeal our decision with regard to a request that you have made, please contact us using the information in Section 6 above or notify the Office of the Attorney General of Virginia online here. Within sixty (60) days of receipt of an appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken, including an explanation of our reasons in reaching the decision. If the appeal is denied, you may contact Virginia’s Office of the Attorney General by phone at (804) 786-2071, written correspondence to 202 North 9th Street, Richmond, Virginia 23219, or online here.
While we do not sell personal information, Nevada residents nonetheless have the right to request to opt out of any future “sale” of their personal information under Nevada SB 220. If you are a Nevada resident and would like to make such a request, please follow the instructions in Section 6. You must include your full name, email address and postal address in your email or mail request so that we can verify your Nevada residence and respond. In the event we sell your personal information after the receipt of your request, we will make reasonable efforts to comply with such request.
This European Privacy Notice applies to any individuals located within the European Economic Area (
EEA
), UK, or Switzerland from whom we may have collected personal data from any source, including through your use of the Service.  We provide this European Privacy Notice to comply with applicable privacy laws, including the General Data Protection Act (“
GDPR
”), the UK GDPR, and related laws, regulations, and guidance from the European Union and/or its member states.  Any capitalized term used and not otherwise defined below has the meaning assigned to it in our Privacy Policy.
European law provides individuals located in Europe with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of personal data, as well as rights to be informed, access, rectification, erasure, restrict processing, data portability and to object with respect to collected personal data.  For the purposes of this European Privacy Notice, “
personal data
” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Basis for processing your personal data
. We rely on one or more legal bases to process your personal data under applicable law. We may process personal data (i) as necessary to perform our contractual obligations to you, including, but not limited to, those obligations in our terms of use; (ii) as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests as further detailed below; (iii) as necessary for our compliance with our legal obligations such as a request or order from courts, law enforcement or other government authorities; and/or (iv) with your consent, including to send you marketing email messages and other information that may be of interest to you, which you may withdraw at any time.
Legitimate business interests.
We may collect, process, and maintain personal data to pursue the legitimate business interests outlined below. To determine these legitimate interests, we balance our legitimate interests against the legitimate interests and rights of you and others and only process personal data in accordance with those interests where they are not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
While our legitimate interests are most extensively detailed in Sections 1 and 2 of our Privacy Policy, they generally include:
Provide, improve, and develop our Sites, Products, and Services
, including to deliver your requested services, send you messages and provide user support, customize the Services to better fit your needs as a user, develop new products and services, and perform internal analytics and research and development. This also includes sharing personal data with our trusted service providers that provide services on our behalf.
Protect you and others and to create and maintain a trusted environment
, such as to comply with our legal obligations, to ensure compliance our agreements with you and other third parties, to ensure safe, secure, and reliable Service, and to detect and prevent wrongdoing and crime, assure compliance with our policies, and protect and defend our rights, interests, and property. In connection with the activities above, we may conduct internal research and profiling based on your interactions on various Sites, content you submit to the Sites, and information obtained from third parties.
Provide, personalize, measure and improve our marketing
, including to send you promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you with your consent. We may also use personal data to understand our user base and the effectiveness of our marketing. This processing is done pursuant to our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer products or services that may be of interest to you.
In certain circumstances, individuals located within the EEA, UK, and Switzerland are entitled to the following data protection rights:
Right to Access.
You have the right to request confirmation of whether we process personal data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that personal data.
Right to Erasure.
You have the right to request that we erase your personal data in certain circumstances provided by law.
Right to Rectification.
You have the right to request to have your personal data corrected or updated if that information is inaccurate, outdated, or incomplete.
Right to Object to Processing.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data.
Right to Restrict Processing.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
Right to Data Portability.
You have the right to request that we provide you with a copy of your personal data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
Right to Withdraw Consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal data. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please note, we may not able to provide Service without some necessary data. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA). You can view the contact information for your data protection authority
here
.
To exercise your data protection rights described above, please follow the instructions in Section 6.
Personal Information We Collect
For the purposes of this Canadian Privacy Notice, except where a different definition is noted, “
personal information
” means information about an identifiable individual. We may collect personal information from or about you as detailed in Sections 1 and 2. Certain types of personal information that we collect may be considered sensitive information, which we will not process without your affirmative consent. This includes account log-in in combination with required credentials.
b. How We Collect Your Personal Information
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024 |
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies