Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 9, 2022
This document is meant to help you understand what information we collect with Intent and how we use it. Throughout this document, when we refer to Intent, we’re referring to our mobile application that helps you meal plan and build healthy habits, created by our company, Excipient, Inc.
Privacy principles
If you read nothing else, please read this:
Information about your meal plans, diet, exercise, and body weight is private. We understand the responsibility of protecting the privacy and security of this information and will do our best to uphold this.
We collect information on your usage of Intent in order to improve the app. This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with usage data that is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer tied to a Intent user.
Information we collect
There are a few types of information we collect. Some of it is identifiable and some is non-identifying or aggregated. Here are the types:
User information.
When you download and first start using Intent, we ask you a few questions about who you are, your current diet and fitness habits and preferences, and your goals. If you choose to provide it, we will store your first name and email address. You may also provide additional information to us when you contact us with a problem or question.
Information you enter into Intent.
This includes meal plans you construct, recipes you may add to the app, nutrition, exercise, or weight data that you have manually entered, responses to our conversations, and your application preferences.
Information shared from Apple Health.
You may choose to connect with Apple Health and share your nutrition, exercise, and body weight information with Intent. Intent uses information from Apple Health to include in your nutrition, exercise, and body weight logs displayed within the app, as well as to update how we optimize your meal plans.
Device information.
When you use Intent, we may collect information about the device you are using Intent on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, your IP address, device settings, device identifiers, and crash data.
Intent usage data.
We collect analytics on the various actions performed by users within Intent to help us better understand how to improve the application.
How we use your information
We use this information for the following:
Providing the Intent service.
We use information you provide to ensure a personalized experience. This includes the meal plans we suggest, as well as reminders we might send you through the app, or emails we may send to notify you of important updates or offers.
Understanding and improving the product.
We have to understand how users use Intent in order to make the product better. For this purpose we examine usage data to analyze user behaviors.
Responding to your feedback.
If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond and address your feedback.
Data retention and deletion
We will retain your personal data for as long as you maintain an account with Intent. We will also retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If we no longer need to retain your personal data for the above purposes, then we will delete your data from our systems.
Where permissible, we will comply with individual requests regarding data access, correction, and/or deletion. You may delete your Intent account directly from app settings, or by contacting us at
contact@intentapp.com
. Upon a deletion request, we permanently and irreversibly delete your personal data from our systems.
Disclosure of your information
There are specific situations when we may share user information.
With consent.
If we have your consent, we may share your information with a third-party.
To comply with legal process.
If we believe that disclosure of information is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal request, we may share your information. If we receive a law enforcement or third party request for information, we will provide prior notice to the subject of the request where we are legally permitted to do so.
With third party service providers and agents.
We may employ third party companies or individuals to process user information on our behalf based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share data with hosting providers who help us store usage information.
For research purposes.
We may share aggregated or de-identified information with our partners or others for research purposes. For example, we may partner with an academic researcher interested in exploring questions around weight loss. This policy is not intended to prohibit the disclosure and use of aggregated or de-identified data.
Note on data collected from Apple Health
Notwithstanding the foregoing, health and fitness data gathered from Apple Health will only be used for providing health, motion, and fitness services in connection with the Intent app. For example, data from Apple Health may be used to help you review and track your nutrition, exercise, and body weight within Intent, as well as to further optimize the meal plans we build for you. We will not disclose or provide information obtained from Apple Health to any third party without your prior express consent, and then only for the purpose of providing health, motion, and fitness services in connection with the Intent app. Apple Health data will not be used for marketing, advertising, or use-based data mining, including by third parties.
Our commitment to data security
Intent uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Intent. Using unsecured wifi or unprotected networks is not recommended. If Intent learns of a security breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so you can take appropriate protective steps.
Our commitment to the privacy of children
Intent is not meant for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that a minor child has provided information without your consent, please contact us at
contact@intentapp.com
. If we learn that a child has provided information without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Information for individuals in Switzerland, UK, and the EEA
If you use Intent while in Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or the European Economic Area (EEA), you have a number of rights, including:
the right to access, update, or delete the personal information we have collected
the right to rectify any personal information that may be inaccurate or incomplete
the right to object to any processing of your personal information
the right to restrict the processing of your personal information
the right to be provided with a copy of your personal data in a structured, machine-readable, and commonly used format
the right to withdraw consent at any time where we rely on your consent to process your personal information
In order to exercise any of these rights, please email us at
contact@intentapp.com
. We may require proof of your identity before responding to any request.
When we process your personal data, we only do so under the following legal bases:
As necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you, like providing the products and services you have requested
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data, including to communicate with you about changes to Intent, to help secure and improve Intent, and to analyze usage of Intent
As necessary to comply with our legal obligations
When we have your consent
You have the right to file a complaint regarding our data protection practices with a supervisory authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
Information for California residents
If you are a California resident, you have a number of rights, including:
the right to request what categories of personal information that we have collected about you, the business purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of sources from which we collect your personal information, whether we have disclosed your personal information for business purposes, the categories of personal information so disclosed, and the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information
the right to access or delete the personal information we have collected
In order to exercise any of these rights, please email us at
contact@intentapp.com
. We may require proof of your identity before responding to any request.
We do not and will not sell your personal information to any third party for any purpose. You are the only owner of your personal information and can request disclosure or deletion at any time.
In the event of merger, sale, or bankruptcy
In the event that Excipient Inc. is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Intent users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or change in control. In the (hopefully unlikely!) event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your information is treated, transferred, or used.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this policy from time to time. If you continue to use Intent after any changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy. If the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice or seek your consent to the new policy.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about Intent’s Privacy Policy or practices, please feel free to contact us at
contact@intentapp.com
.