Back to Home page
Back to Home page
Privacy policy
This document “Privacy Policy” (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) is the terms and conditions for collection and use of the Personal information of the User (hereinafter referred to also as “You”) by LETO.FONTS FZCO (hereinafter referred to as “LETO.FONTS FZCO”)during download, installation and use of the mobile application «Leto.Fonts» (hereinafter referred to as “Mobile application”)
USER’S CONSENT:
By downloading, installing and using the Mobile application you (hereinafter also referred to as “User”) with your own free will and for your benefit give your written consent to the processing of User’s Personal Information for the purposes and under the terms and conditions stipulated by this Policy.
1.
General Provisions
1.1. This Policy is an integral part of the End User License Agreement for the Mobile application (hereinafter referred to as the “EULA”). Therefore, when executing the above said EULA by methods defined therein including by downloading, installation and using the Mobile application you fully accept the terms of this Policy.
1.2. Methods of processing of Personal Information include any action (operation) or a combination of actions (operations) with Personal Information including collection, recording, systematization, storage, updating (refreshment, modification), extraction, use, transfer (distribution, provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, deletion, destruction in the purposes established by this Policy with/without the use of automated facilities.
1.3. The terms and definitions provided for by the EULA are used herein, as well as other agreements entered into with the User, unless otherwise provided for by this Policy or follows from the merits thereof. In other cases, the terms used in the Policy shall be interpreted in accordance with the applicable laws, the business practice, or scientific doctrine.
2.
Personal Information
2.1. When using Mobile application for its intended purpose User does not actively provide any information about him/her. LETO.FONTS FZCO does not collect and store the data that enables identification of User (personal data).
2.2. Personal Information in this Policy means as follows:
2.2.1. User’s e-mail or Instagram account that User provides when agreeing to complete product survey that can be offered only to Users who made purchase in the Mobile application.
2.2.2. Data transmitted in a depersonalized form in automatic mode, depending on the settings of the User’s software including operating system of User’s device.
2.3. User acknowledges and accepts the possibility of using third party software in the Mobile application; as a result, such third parties can receive and transmit the data in a depersonalized form as stipulated in the paragraph 2.2.2 hereof.
The aforementioned third party software may includefollowing analytic systems:
‘Amplitude’ that collects and processes data according to privacy policy available at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
;
‘Adapty’ that collects and processes data according to privacy policy available at:
https://adapty.io/policy/
;
‘Yandex’ that collects and processes data according to privacy policy available at: :
https://yandex.ru/legal/metrica_termsofuse/;
‘Facebook SDK’, that is software product of Facebook and that collects and processes data according to data use policy available at:
https://web.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy
;
‘Firebase’, that is software product of Google and that collects and processes data according to data use policy available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
;
Such data collected with third party software may include:
User’s device data, including unique identifiers of User’s device, its location (country and city), operating system data (type, version, screen resolution) and so on;
query data (time, source, IP address);
other information about User’s activity in the Mobile application.
The scope and conditions for collection and use of impersonal data by such software’s titleholders are determined directly by its titleholders and governed by documents available at their websites.
Accepting this Policy as well applying certain setting in his/her software including device’s operating system, the User agrees with conditions for collection and use of data by the titleholders of above listed software.
2.4. LETO.FONTS FZCO will not verify the reliability of the provided Personal Information and whether the User has the necessary consent for the processing thereof in accordance with this Policy, believing that the User acts in good faith, carefully and makes every effort to keep such information up to date and obtain all necessary agreements of the subjects of personal data.
3.
Legal basis of processing of Personal information
The legal basis on which LETO.FONTS FZCO relies for the use of Personal information includes:
3.1. Processing of Personal information where User has given consent for one or more specific purposes;
4.
Policy with regard to children
4.1. LETO.FONTS FZCO does not intentionally collect personal data from children younger than 16, it does not request it and does not allow them to use the Mobile application. If LETO.FONTS FZCO gets to know that the information was collected from a child under 16, LETO.FONTS FZCO shall immediately delete such information. If you think we could have obtained any information from a child or about a child under 16, please, contact us through e-mail: info@letofonts.com.
5.
Purposes for Personal Information Processing
5.1. LETO.FONTS FZCO is entitled to use the Personal Information for the following purposes:
5.1.1. Communication with the User by email or Instagram for the purpose of information services and marketing of the Mobile application. At any time, you can give up on this service following the instructions through a link in a letter or you can write to us at info@letofonts.com to ask to remove your data from the mailing list.
5.1.2. Marketing, statistical and other research based on depersonalized data from the analytics systems stipulated in the paragraph 2.3 hereoffor the purpose of improvement of Mobile application.
5.1.3. Targeting of advertising and/or informational materials based on depersonalized data from the analytics systems stipulated in the paragraph 2.3 hereof.
6.
User’s Rights to User’s Personal Information
6.1. Subject to specific provisions of applicable law, the User has the right:
6.1.1. to be informed about the collection and use of his/her personal data.
6.1.2. to access his/her personal data and have it corrected if it is wrong or incomplete.
6.1.3. to restrict the processing of his/her personal data where the accuracy of the personal data is contested, where the processing is unlawful, and where LETO.FONTS FZCO no longer needs the personal data for the purposes for which LETO.FONTS FZCO has processed it.
6.1.4. to object to the processing of his/her personal data and also restrict its processing in those instances where LETO.FONTS FZCO undertook processing of it in carrying out a task in the public interest or where necessary for our legitimate interest where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing.
6.1.5. to withdraw consent that User had given to the collection and processing of his/her personal data at any time. If User does withdraw his/her consent to the collection and processing of personal data, that withdrawal shall not affect the lawfulness of any processing by LETO.FONTS FZCO that is based on the consent User had given before he/she withdrew it.
6.1.6. to obtain the deletion of his/her personal data when it is no longer relevant to the purposes for which it was collected or processed, when User has withdrawn consent and there is no basis for us to continue processing, when User has objected to further processing and there is no compelling interest for continued processing, and when the data was unlawfully processed.
6.1.7. not to be a subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal affects concerning User or similarly affecting User, except where there is a lawful basis for continued processing.
6.1.8. to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable form for the purpose of data portability in those instances where LETO.FONTS FZCO processes by automated means personal data that User has provided.
6.2. These rights may be exercised by contacting LETO.FONTS FZCO with specific request through the methods described below. LETO.FONTS FZCO will address any such requests in a timely manner and according to applicable law. In certain cases, LETO.FONTS FZCO may ask User to verify identity before acting on User’s request. If User is unsatisfied with LETO.FONTS FZCO ‘s response, User may refer his/her complaint to the relevant supervisory authority in User’s jurisdiction.
7.
Personal Information Storage Retention
7.1. All Personal Information that is collected will be stored only as long as is necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it is collected, or as long as is permitted or required by applicable law. Periodically, LETO.FONTS FZCO will review its data processing systems to determine whether or not the purposes for the collection and processing of User’s personal data remain valid. That determination will be based on factors that include, but are not limited to, whether or not you are still in contact with LETO.FONTS FZCO, whether or not any requests made by User from LETO.FONTS FZCO have been fulfilled (including any follow-up tasks), whether or not there is a contractual relationship between User and LETO.FONTS FZCO, and whether or not there is a contractual or legal basis for continuing to retain User’s personal data. Based on that review and any notifications received from data subjects, LETO.FONTS FZCO will update its systems.
8.
Requirements for the
Personal Information Protection
8.1. LETO.FONTS FZCO stores the Personal Information and provides its protection against unauthorized access and distribution in accordance with internal terms and regulations.
8.2. LETO.FONTS FZCO keeps User’s Personal Information confidential.
9.
Transfer of the
Personal Information
9.1. LETO.FONTS FZCO is entitled to transfer Personal Information to third parties in the following cases:
9.1.1. The User expressed his/her consent to such actions, including when the User applies the settings of the used software that do not limit the provision of certain information;
9.1.2. The transfer is necessary in the context of the User’s use of the Mobile application’s functionality;
9.1.3. In connection with engagement of third-party services providers. These third-party services providers have access to Personal Information only for the purpose of performing services on behalf of LETO.FONTS FZCO. Specifically, User’s email may be provided to mailing service ‘mailchimp’ that processes such data according to privacy policy available at
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
.
9.1.4. In connection with use in Mobile application of third party software for collection and processing of User’s data. Specifically, LETO.FONTS FZCO may use the third party software for collection and processing of User’s data according to clause 2.3. of this Policy.
9.1.5. Due to whole or partial transfer of LETO.FONTS FZCO ‘s assets to the third party, including assignment of rights under agreements concluded with the User in benefit of such third party;
9.1.6. Upon request of a court or other state authority within the procedure established by law;
9.1.7. To protect the rights and legitimate interests of LETO.FONTS FZCO in connection with failure to comply with the agreements entered into with the User.
10.
Amendments to and deletion of the Personal Information
10.1. Any questions related to this Policy, use, amendment, deletion of the User’s and/or exercising of any User’s rights with respect to the Personal Information can be mailed to LETO.FONTS FZCO at the address: info@letofonts.com
11.
Amendments to the Privacy Policy
11.1. This Policy may be amended or terminated unilaterally by LETO.FONTS FZCO without prior notice to the User. The User is recommended to read this Policy in the current version regularly.
11.2. The new version of the Policy becomes effective upon its placement, unless otherwise provided for by the new version of the Policy.
11.3. The current version of the Policy is available at: https://letofonts.com/privacy-policy/.
LETO.FONTS FZCO
Address: Dubai Silicon Oasis, DDP, Building A1, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
e-mail: info@letofonts.com
COPYRIGHT © 2022 LETO.FONTS FZCO
The current version of the Policy of 01.06.2022
This Personal Data Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the Privacy Policy) applies to all information that the Leto Fonts website, (hereinafter referred to as the Site) located on the domain name letofonts.com (as well as its subdomains), can receive about the User while using the letofonts website .com (as well as its subdomains), its programs and its products.
1. Definition of terms
1.1 The following terms are used in this Privacy Policy:
1.1.1. “Site Administration” (hereinafter referred to as the Administration) – authorized employees to manage the Leto Fonts website, who organize and (or) carry out the processing of personal data, and also determine the purposes of processing personal data, the composition of personal data to be processed, actions (operations) performed with personal data.
1.1.2. “Personal data” – any information relating to a directly or indirectly identified or identifiable individual (subject of personal data).
1.1.3. “Processing of personal data” – any action (operation) or set of actions (operations) performed using automation tools or without the use of such means with personal data, including collection, recording, systematization, accumulation, storage, clarification (updating, changing), extraction, use, transfer (distribution, provision, access), depersonalization, blocking, deletion, destruction of personal data.
1.1.4. “Confidentiality of personal data” is a requirement for the Operator or other person who has access to personal data to comply with the requirement not to allow their distribution without the consent of the subject of personal data or the presence of another legal basis.
1.1.5. “Leto Fonts website” is a collection of interconnected web pages located on the Internet at a unique address (URL): letofonts.com, as well as its subdomains.
1.1.6. “Subdomains” are pages or a set of pages located on third-level domains belonging to the Leto Fonts website, as well as other temporary pages, at the bottom of which the Administration’s contact information is indicated
1.1.5. “User of the Leto Fonts website” (hereinafter referred to as the User) is a person who has access to the Leto Fonts website via the Internet and uses information, materials and products of the Leto Fonts website.
1.1.7. “Cookies” are a small piece of data sent by a web server and stored on the user’s computer, which a web client or web browser sends to the web server each time in an HTTP request when an attempt is made to open a page on the corresponding site.
1.1.8. “IP address” is a unique network address of a node on a computer network through which the User gains access to the Site.
2. General provisions
2.1. Use of the Leto Fonts website by the User means acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the terms of processing of the User’s personal data.
2.2. In case of disagreement with the terms of the Privacy Policy, the User must stop using the Leto Fonts website.
2.3. This Privacy Policy applies to the Leto Fonts website. The site does not control and is not responsible for third party sites that the User can access via links available on the Leto Fonts website.
2.4. The Administration does not verify the accuracy of the personal data provided by the User.
3. Subject of the privacy policy
3.1. This Privacy Policy establishes the Administration’s obligations to non-disclose and ensure a regime for protecting the confidentiality of personal data that the User provides at the Administration’s request when registering on the Leto Fonts website or when subscribing to the e-mail newsletter.
3.2. Personal data permitted for processing under this Privacy Policy is provided by the User by filling out forms on the Leto Fonts website and includes the following information:
3.2.1. last name, first name, patronymic of the User;
3.2.2. User’s contact phone number;
3.2.3. email address (e-mail)
3.2.4. place of residence of the User (if necessary)
3.2.5. photo (if necessary)
3.3. The site protects Data that is automatically transmitted when visiting pages:
— IP address;
— information from cookies;
— browser information
— access time;
— referrer (address of the previous page).
3.3.1. Disabling cookies may result in the inability to access parts of the site that require authorization.
3.3.2. The site collects statistics about the IP addresses of its visitors. This information is used to prevent, identify and resolve technical problems.
3.4. Any other personal information not specified above (visit history, browsers used, operating systems, etc.) is subject to secure storage and non-distribution, except for the cases provided for in paragraphs. 5.2. of this Privacy Policy.
4. Purposes of collecting the user’s personal information
4.1. The Administration may use the User’s personal data
for the purposes of:
4.1.1. Identification of the User registered on the Leto Fonts website for his further authorization.
4.1.2. Providing the User with access to personalized data from the Leto Fonts website.
4.1.3. Establishing feedback with the User, including sending notifications, requests regarding the use of the Leto Fonts website, processing requests and applications from the User.
4.1.4. Determining the location of the User to ensure security and prevent fraud.
4.1.5. Confirmation of the accuracy and completeness of personal data provided by the User.
4.1.6. Creating an account to use parts of the Leto Fonts website, if the User has agreed to create an account.
4.1.7. Notifications to the User by email.
4.1.8. Providing the User with effective technical support if problems arise when using the Leto Fonts website.
4.1.9. Providing the User, with his consent, with special offers, newsletters and other information on behalf of the Leto Fonts website.
5. Methods and terms for processing personal information
5.1. The processing of the User’s personal data is carried out without a time limit, in any legal way, including in personal data information systems using automation tools or without the use of such tools.
5.2. The User’s personal data may be transferred to authorized government bodies of the Russian Federation only on the grounds and in the manner established by the legislation of the Russian Federation.
5.3. In the event of loss or disclosure of personal data, the Administration has the right not to inform the User about the loss or disclosure of personal data.
5.4. The Administration takes the necessary organizational and technical measures to protect the User’s personal information from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other unlawful actions of third parties.
5.5. The Administration, together with the User, takes all necessary measures to prevent losses or other negative consequences caused by the loss or disclosure of the User’s personal data.
6. Rights and obligations of the parties
6.1. The user has the right:
6.1.1. Make a free decision to provide your personal data necessary to use the Leto Fonts website and consent to their processing.
6.1.2. Update, supplement the provided information about personal data if this information changes.
6.1.3. The user has the right to receive from the Administration information regarding the processing of his personal data, unless such right is limited in accordance with federal laws. The user has the right to demand from the Administration clarification of his personal data, blocking or destruction of it if the personal data is incomplete, outdated, inaccurate, illegally obtained or is not necessary for the stated purpose of processing, as well as take measures provided by law to protect his rights. To do this, it is enough to notify the Administration at the specified E-mail address.
6.2. The administration is obliged:
6.2.1. Use the information received solely for the purposes specified in clause 4 of this Privacy Policy.
6.2.2. Ensure that confidential information is kept secret, not disclosed without the prior written permission of the User, and also not sell, exchange, publish, or disclose in other possible ways the transferred personal data of the User, with the exception of paragraphs. 5.2. of this Privacy Policy.
6.2.3. Take precautions to protect the confidentiality of the User’s personal data in accordance with the procedure usually used to protect this type of information in existing business transactions.
6.2.4. Block personal data relating to the relevant User from the moment of application or request from the User, or his legal representative or the authorized body for the protection of the rights of personal data subjects for the period of verification, in the event of detection of unreliable personal data or unlawful actions.
7. Responsibility of the parties
7.1. The Administration, which has not fulfilled its obligations, is responsible for losses incurred by the User in connection with the unlawful use of personal data, in accordance with the legislation of the Russian Federation, except for the cases provided for in paragraphs. 5.2. and 7.2. of this Privacy Policy.
7.2. In case of loss or disclosure of Confidential Information, the Administration is not responsible if this confidential information:
7.2.1. Became public domain until it was lost or disclosed.
7.2.2. Was received from a third party before it was received by the Resource Administration.
7.2.3. Was disclosed with the consent of the User.
7.3. The user is solely responsible for compliance with legal requirements
legislation of the Russian Federation, including laws on advertising, on the protection of copyright and related rights, on the protection of trademarks and service marks, but not limited to the above, including full responsibility for the content and form of materials.
7.4. The user acknowledges that responsibility for any information (including, but not limited to: data files, texts, etc.) to which he may have access as part of the Leto Fonts website lies with the person who provided such information.
7.5. The User agrees that the information provided to him as part of the Leto Fonts website may be an object of intellectual property, the rights to which are protected and owned by other Users, partners or advertisers who post such information on the Leto Fonts website.
The User may not modify, rent, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on such Content (in whole or in part), unless such actions have been expressly authorized in writing by the owners of such Content in accordance with terms of a separate agreement.
7.6. In relation to text materials (articles, publications that are freely available to the public on the Leto Fonts website), their distribution is permitted provided that a link to the Site is provided.
7.7. The Administration is not liable to the User for any loss or damage incurred by the User as a result of the deletion, failure or inability to save any Content and other communication data contained on the Leto Fonts website or transmitted through it.
7.8. The administration is not responsible for any direct or indirect losses resulting from: the use or inability to use the site or individual services; unauthorized access to the User’s communications; statements or conduct of any third party on the Site.
7.9. The administration is not responsible for any information posted by the user on the Leto Fonts website, including, but not limited to: information protected by copyright, without the express consent of the copyright owner.
8. Dispute resolution
8.1. Before filing a claim in court regarding disputes arising from the relationship between the User and the Administration, it is mandatory to submit a claim (a written proposal or an electronic proposal for a voluntary settlement of the dispute).
8.2. The recipient of the claim, within 30 calendar days from the date of receipt of the claim, notifies the claimant in writing or electronically of the results of consideration of the claim.
8.3. If an agreement is not reached, the dispute will be referred to the Moscow Arbitration Court.
8.4. The current legislation of the Russian Federation applies to this Privacy Policy and the relationship between the User and the Administration.
9. Additional terms
9.1. The Administration has the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy without the User’s consent.
9.2. The new Privacy Policy comes into force from the moment it is posted on the Leto Fonts website, unless otherwise provided by the new edition of the Privacy Policy.
9.3. All suggestions or questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be sent to: fonts.app@yandex.ru
9.4. The current Privacy Policy is available on the page at https://letofonts.com/privacy-policy/
Updated: June 20, 2022
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
LETO APP. ДЕЛАЕМ С ЛЮБОВЬЮ |
Политика конфиденциальности
© 2019 - 2025 Leto Fonts. Все права защищены.