Privacy policy effective date: 18th May 2018
Here at Educate.ie (Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company) we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.
We fully comply with The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which is EU law that comes into effect in May 2018. The Privacy Policy on this page applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company, including our Educate.ie and Educateplus.ie products.
How will we use your personal information?
If you use a contact form on our sites, for example to ask us a question, or to query the status of an order, you will be asked to supply us with your name and an email address so that we can reply to your enquiry. We don’t store this name and email address for more than 12 months from the time you first contact us, unless you contact us again within that time. After 12 months, your personal information from using one of our contact forms is deleted from our server. We never share your personal data with anyone else, or use your email address to contact you for any other reason, without your consent.
Will we use your email address to send you other types of emails and offers?
If you are a teacher or school, we may contact you if you have purchased an Educate.ie textbook, paper or product within the last 2 years, but this will only ever be in relation to a similar product. We may also contact you if you have subscribed to our mailing list via a promotion or one-click subscription from Educate.ie or an Educate.ie affiliated site. We will not send you marketing or other information emails without your consent. And of course, after that, you can unsubscribe from those emails at any time.
What happens to your personal information when you register an account on Educate.ie (to buy books) or on Educateplus.ie (to access online resources)?
Any personal information (for example, your name, your email address, your postal address, or your phone number) submitted on our sites is stored securely on our servers for as long as you choose to use that service. We will delete your personal data at any time if you ask us to. If you haven’t logged in to an account on one of our sites for more than 3 years, we will delete your account, but you can open a new account any time you wish.
What about your passwords?
Your log in passwords are encrypted on our server – this means we never see or have access to your passwords after you submit them on our sites.
What are "cookies" and how does Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company use them?
When you log on to Educate.ie, or Educateplus.ie, we may send one or more cookies – a small file containing a small amount of data – to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We may use cookies to improve the quality of our services, including: storing user preferences, improving search results, tracking user trends, such as how people search. You can delete (or empty) your browser cache any time you wish to remove cookies from your computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
What other information do we log when you visit our sites?
When you access our sites, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Do we ever share your personal information with anyone else?
Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company in the following limited circumstances:
Your credit card details
Any credit card transactions you make on our sites are processed securely through software called Sage Pay provided by a company called Sage Hibernia Ltd. Sage Hibernia Ltd have agreed to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and with the same confidentiality and security measures we use on our own sites. They never share your personal information with anyone else.
Your delivery details
If you have ordered printed books or other materials for delivery, we share your name, delivery address and, if necessary, your contact phone number with one of two companies – An Post or DPD Ireland. An Post and DPD Ireland have agreed to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and with the same confidentiality and security measures we use on our own sites. They never share your personal information with anyone else.
Your ebook app log in details
If you have an Educate.ie ebook app account then two pieces of personal information (your email address and an encrypted version of your password) are used to access the content on our ebook servers. Our ebook servers are provided and maintained by a company called Yudu Ltd. Yudu Ltd have agreed to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and with the same confidentiality and security measures we use on our own sites. They never share your personal information with anyone else.
Your language class log in details
If you have purchased a language textbook that gives you access on Educateplus.ie to online Language Classes, your email address is used to access a language class platform provided by a company called Transparent Language, Inc. Your password is never sent to Transparent Language, Inc. The only other information they store is your learning data and progress. Transparent Language Inc have agreed to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and with the same confidentiality and security measures we use on our own sites. They never share your personal information with anyone else.
Trustpilot reviews
By accessing our services, you agree to share only your first name and email address with Trustpilot for review purposes. This data will be handled in accordance with the rest of our privacy policy.
In the case of legal requests
Finally, we may be legally required, if requested, to share information if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
What happens if you visit a link to a site outside of Educate.ie or Educateplus.ie?
We do not have control over the sites displayed as links from within our various services, for example an external site listed as a project research resource on Educateplus.ie. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
How secure is your personal data on our servers?
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures. We restrict access to personal information to Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination of their employment and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
What if you have a complaint or a concern about how your personal data is used?
When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company and an individual.
What happens in the case of a data breach?
In the highly unlikely event of a data breach, Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company will notify the Data Protection Commissioner of all data breaches without undue delay and where feasible within 72 hours. If the breach is likely to result in high risk to affected customers we will inform those customers without undue delay.
Will this Privacy Policy ever change?
We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this website or at:
Walsh Educational Books Unlimited Company
Tralee Road
Castleisland
Co. Kerry
Republic of Ireland