SETU Novus
SETU Arena is a part of SETU Campus Services CLG, trading under SETU Novus. We respect your trust in us to use, store and share your information.  In this notice we explain how we collect personal information about you, how we use it and how you can interact with us about it.
We try to keep this notice as simple as possible but if you are unfamiliar or still have questions about anything in our Privacy Policy, just contact us
novushr.wd@setu.ie
Who we are
When we talk about “Novus”; “Novus Food and beverage”; “Novus Accommodation”, “SETU Arena”; “SETU Sport Waterford”; “SETU Societies”; “Hello Ireland Summer Schools” or “us” or “we” in this notice we are talking about SETU Diverse Campus Services Limited. SETU Diverse campus services Ltd is a fully owned subsidiary company of South East Technological University. The company manages a number of services and facilities for the staff and student population of SETU.  Such services and facilities include Food & Beverage, SETU Arena, and SETU Accommodation. The company also caters for a variety of non-academic provisions such as sports, societies, student card, and printing. SETU Novus also delivers a range of International programs and summer camps under the brand of “Hello Ireland Summer schools”. We share your information within South East Technological University to help us provide our services, comply with regulatory and legal requirements, and improve our products and services.
Data Protection officer
Our Data Protection Officer oversees how we collect, use, share and protect your information to ensure your rights are fulfilled. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at novus.wd@setu.ie or by writing to them at: Data Protection Officer, Novus Courtyard Building, South East Technological University, Waterford.
How we collect information
We take the utmost care to ensure that any personal information that we obtain from you is not used in a way that you may be unaware of or are not agreeable to. We retain two types of information:
Personal Data: This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you, and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number, photograph, birth date and billing and credit card information, course code, course, membership details. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
Non-Personal Data: Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
You may wish to submit an information request about the SETU Novus, services and products to participate in one of our promotions or subscribe to our e-mail or postal mail lists. In the event that you opt to provide us with this information, we will only use it for the purpose specified. Information collected may be used to:
Provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may be of interest to you where you have given your consent to be contacted for such purposes
Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and SETU Novus
In our legitimate interest of advertising our services, provide details of any loyalty scheme or promotion
Respond to your questions or suggestions or notify you of any changes to our services
Improve the quality of your visit to our sites
You can opt-out of any of these promotions or communications by mailing
novus.wd@setu.ie
directly should you wish at any point for us not to use your data in the manner outlined above.
We do not sell, rent or share any of your personal information with any other party including any third-party joint promoters, nor use it for unapproved purposes.
How long we will keep your information
We keep your information to meet our contractual, legal and regulatory obligations that we have collected it for. We also hold your information while you are a customer and for a period of time after that. Where we have obtained the information via consent we will hold for as long as the purpose it was collected remains unless you opt out. We do not hold it for longer than necessary.
Meeting our legal and regulatory obligations
To use your information lawfully, we rely on one or more of the following legal bases:
Your consent
performance of a contract;
legal obligation;
protecting the vital interests of you or others;
public interest;
our legitimate interests; and
To meet our regulatory and legal obligations, we collect some of your personal information, verify it, keep it up to date through regular checks, and delete it once we no longer have to keep it.
We may also gather information about you from our holding company, South East Technological University to help us meet our obligations. If you do not provide the information we need, or help us keep it up to date, we may not be able to provide you with our products and services.
How we use your information
We use information about you to:
provide relevant products and services;
identify ways we can improve our products and services;
maintain and monitor your products and services;
protect both our interests;
meet our legal and regulatory obligations;
and decide and recommend how our products and services might be suitable for you.
To provide our products and services under the terms and conditions we agree between us, we need to collect and use personal information about you. If you do not provide this personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products and services.
We analyse the information that we collect on you through your use of our products and services and on our social media, apps and websites. This helps us understand your behaviour, how we interact with you and our position in a market place. Examples of how we use this information includes, offering you products, services, social experiences, memberships and personalising your experience. We may report trends we see to third parties. These trend reports may include information about activity on devices, for example mobile phones, memberships, buying trends. When we prepare these reports, they are trends and we remove any names and personal information.  We do not share information in these reports that can identify you, such as your name, contact information etc.
Your personal Information rights & making a complaint
You will find information about your rights, online. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at
novushr.wd@setu.ie
, using our social media channels, calling to our Novus office at the Courtyard.  If you have a complaint about the use of your personal information, please let a us know via the email address
novushr.wd@setu.ie
, giving us the opportunity to put things right as quickly as possible. If you wish to make a complaint you may do so in person, by telephone, in writing and by email. Please be assured that all complaints received will be fully investigated. You can register a complaint through our Novus office email:
novushr.wd@setu.ie
we would ask that you supply as much information as possible to help our staff resolve your complaint quickly.  You can also contact the Data Protection Commission in Ireland at www.dataprotection.ie.
Updates to this notice
We try to keep this notice as simple as possible but if you are unfamiliar with our terms, or want more detail on any of the information here, please contact us
novushr.wd@setu.ie