Privacy Notice
Goaffpro.com knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust in us to do that carefully and sensibly. This notice describes the privacy policy of Goaffpro.com. By visiting Goaffpro.com and it's client's partner portal, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Controllers of Personal Information
What Personal Information About Customers Does Goaffpro.com Gather?
What About Cookies?
Does Goaffpro.com share the Information it receives?
How Secure is Information About Me?
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites?
What Information can I Access?
What Choices Do I Have?
Are Children Allowed to Use Goaffpro.com?
Notices and Revisions
Examples of Information Collected
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Goaffpro.com under this Privacy Notice will be stored and controlled by Goaffpro.com (the data controller), at 16, Sector 20, Haryana, India.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Goaffpro.com Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your affiliate experience at goaffpro.com. We use your information to assist our partner e-commerce stores to run an affiliate network, deliver services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content such as your earnings, successful referrals etc. We also use this information to improve our platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our website and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. Click
here
to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our platform, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Goaffpro.com and its partner portals or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Goaffpro.com on other Web sites. Click
here
to see examples of the information we receive. We may also receive/store information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information for internal analysis and to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content.
E-mail Communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Goaffpro.com if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Communication Preferences.
Information from Other Sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
By using or continuing to use the site you agree to our use of your information (including sensitive personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Notice, as may be amended from time to time by Goaffpro.com in its discretion. You also agree and consent to us collecting, storing, processing, transferring and sharing information (including sensitive personal information) related to you with third parties or service providers for the purposes as set out in this Privacy Notice.
We may be required to share the aforesaid information with government authorities and agencies for the purposes of verification of identity or for prevention, detection or investigation, including of cyber incidents, prosecution and punishment of offences. You agree and consent for Goaffpro.com to disclose your information, if so required, under applicable law.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide features such as Site Stripe, One-Click Share etc. and storage of your preferences in the affiliate portal.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Goaffpro.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
If you do leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
Does Goaffpro.com share the Information it receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others. Goaffpro.com shares customer information only as described below and with its subsidiaries which Goaffpro.com controls and its clients and that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:
We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, these businesses operate stores at shopify.com or sell offerings to you at shopify.com. In other cases, we provide services jointly with or on behalf of these businesses.
Third Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include  analysing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Goaffpro.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Goaffpro.com and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with applicable law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of Goaffpro.com, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies, organisations, government or regulatory authorities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice
With your consent:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input in addition to maintaining security of your information as per the International Standard IS/ISO/IEC 27001 on "Information Technology Security Techniques Information Security Management System-Requirements".
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal information (including sensitive personal information). Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.
What About Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Web sites?
Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
What Information Can I Access?
Goaffpro.com gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Goaffpro.com for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. This list will change as our website evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to create an account or to take advantage of such goaffpro.com features as Your Profile.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in the Which Information Can I Access? section. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Communication Preferences. (If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of goaffpro.com and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Communication Preferences. (If you do not want to receive Conditions of Use and other legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Notice, those notices will still govern your use of goaffpro.com, and it is your responsibility to review them for changes.)
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of goaffpro.com's essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Are Children Allowed to Use Goaffpro.com?
Use of goaffpro.com is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872. If you are a minor i.e. under the age of 18 years, you may use goaffpro.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Notices and Revisions
If you have any concern about privacy or grievances at goaffpro.com, please
contact us
with a thorough description and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you create an account and update your profile in settings. For example, you provide information when you: provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address) or Your Profile; communicate with us by phone or otherwise. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: your name; address and phone number; the personal description in Your Profile; and financial information.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyse include: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version; operating system and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time); cookie number; We may also use browser data such as cookies, or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at goaffpro.com include: up-to-date information regarding recent affiliate orders; personal information (including name, e-mail, password, communications and personalised preferences); payment settings; e-mail notification settings; and Your Profile.
Grievance Officer
Please find below the details of the grievance officer:
Name
: Anuj Tenani
Email
:
admin@goaffpro.com