Groupe Renault continues to ensure compliance with regulations on protection of personal data (hereinafter the "personal data") and puts it at the heart of its ethics, as described in its Group Personal Data Protection Policy available at
https://www.renaultgroup.com/en/our-commitments/the-groupe-renault-and-your-personal-data/
Indeed, Groupe Renault believes that personal data protection is essential for building a relationship of trust with its customers. As such, it intends to ensure the greatest transparency in the personal data processing that it carries out on the personal data that its customers provide or that it collects through the various contacts its customers may have with it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to provide you with detailed information about the conditions for the processing of your personal data by Groupe Renault, as well as the rights and options available to you to control your personal data and protect your privacy.
1 Who processes your personal data?
Groupe Renault
is an international group:
- Incorporating the
Renault, Dacia, Alpine, Renault Samsung Motors and Lada brands
,
- Composed of different
legal entities in France and abroad
, responsible in particular for manufacturing, distribution of vehicles and parts and sales of related services such as connected services, maintenance, warranty and financing,
- And the
parent company of which is Renault SAS
located in France, at 122-122  bis avenue du Général Leclerc 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt
Groupe Renault also relies on a
network of authorised distributors
to sell the vehicles of its brands and related products and services.
Groupe Renault companies and/or its network of distributors may collect and process personal data about you. Their responsibility for processing your personal data varies depending on the Group company or distributor network with which you share your personal data and the role they play in the various services or products provided. For the purposes of this document, "we" or "Renault" refers to Renault SAS, Renault UK Limited and Renault approved dealerships.
In general, the following are joint controllers within the meaning of the applicable personal data regulations:
Renault UK Limited (trading as Dacia)
located at The Rivers Office Park, Denham Way, Maple Cross, Rickmansworth WD3 9YS. The contact details for its Data Protection Officer are as follows:
dataprivacy@renault.co.uk
and the members of its network
, the list and contact details of which are available on the website
here
.
In certain cases,
Renault SAS and Renault UK Limited
may also process your personal data as independent data controllers. The contact details for Renault SAS’ Data Protection Officer are as follows: Renault SAS, Direction juridique – Délégué à la protection des données, 13/15 quai le Gallo 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt.
2 What personal data do we process?
"Personal data" means any information that can be used to identify you either directly (such as your name) or indirectly (e.g. using a unique customer number).
Generally speaking, we undertake to collect only the personal data necessary for each of the purposes for which we process your personal data.
The personal data we collect depends on our interaction with you and may include information about:
Your
identity
and
contact details
(surname, first name, postal address, email address, telephone, etc.),
Data related to your
personal and/or professional
situation (family situation, socio-professional category, etc.),
Your
payment
and
transaction
data (payment type, discount granted, etc.),
Data relating to our
commercial relationship
, in particular our interactions and contracts (order history, after-sales operations, service agreements, games, interaction with our call centre, etc.),
Your
vehicle identification
data (brand, model, registration, VIN number, etc.),
Your
geolocation
data (your consent is obtained when required by regulations),
Data related to
the use of the vehicle
(mileage, journey, use of multimedia, etc.) and, where applicable, its battery (charge level, etc.),
If you have a connected vehicle, data allowing
control of the vehicle
and, where applicable,
its battery
(locking/unlocking, pre-conditioning, battery charge programming, etc.), relating to
driving mode
(use of controls, acceleration, braking, etc.) or to the
provision of connected services or on-board application
s,
Data needed to carry out
loyalty, direct marketing, market research or survey actions
(e.g. your vehicle preferences),
Data relating to your
digital profiles
(online accounts),
Data concerning
the use of our websites and mobile apps
, as well as our communications (number of visits, page visited, messages opened, etc.).
As such, the data required to respond to your request or meet the needs of a contract or legal obligation is pointed out in the collection forms.  If you do not wish to provide the mandatory data, we may not be able to process your request or provide you with the relevant services. The other information is intended to get to know you better, in particular to send you customised advertisements.  This information is therefore optional.
We encourage you to keep us regularly informed in writing of any changes to your personal data.
The products and services that we offer are primarily for adults. Therefore, we do not carry out any specific processing on minors.
3 What is your personal data used for?
We will provide you with explanations relating to the context of collection of your personal data, the purposes for which we process them and the duration for which we retained them.
3.1 – Context of collection
We collect your personal data in particular when:
-       You visit one of our websites, which may use cookies or other tracers,
-       You contact us via an online form, email, telephone, live chat, visit to a dealership or by any other means,
-       You participate in a game or event, or subscribe to one of our newsletters,
-       You purchase a vehicle or a service (maintenance, repair, warranty, connected services),
-       You use a connected vehicle,
-       You respond to one of our studies or satisfaction surveys,
-       You create a user account to access our services from your computer or smartphone,
-       You interact with us on social media, including through the Facebook, Instagram, TikTok and X (Twitter) "Like", "Share" or " Tweet" buttons on the Dacia pages, which can lead to collection and exchange of personal data between the social networks and us.
We may also obtain information about you through other companies in our group or partners, with your consent when required by the regulations.
3.2 – Objectives of personal data processing
Within the context of our relationship, and in line with the context in which your personal data is collected, we may use your data to:
A - Manage our initial interactions
B - Manage our commercial relationship
C - Manage services provided by your connected vehicle and on-board applications
D - Conduct studies and analyses
E - Manage our marketing operations
3.2 A Manage our initial interactions
We draw your attention to the fact that Facebook carries out activity and statistics
reporting in anonymised form from visits to the "fan page" for the purposes of managing the promotion of Renault's activity, and can also use them to improve the Facebook advertising system. You can get more information about how Facebook processes personal data by consulting its privacy policy available
at:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
3.2 B Manage our commercial relationship
When you are in contact with our call centres, our objective is to best meet your demands. To improve the quality of our services and to train and assess our employees, your calls may be recorded.  However, you may oppose this at any time and without reason.
3.2 C Manage services provided by your connected vehicle and on-board applications
Some connected services or on-board applications that you have subscribed to use services offered by Google to provide you with map data or points of interest in your vehicle or on your smartphone. You can obtain more information about how Google processes your personal data by consulting its privacy policy available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-GB
When we send you messages on the screen of your vehicle, our objective is to inform you of the end of one of your service agreements and to suggest that you renew it.
Some connected services and on-board applications may require processing of your location data. Your consent is requested before the data is processed. You can revoke your consent and suspend this processing at any time through your vehicle on screen settings, by contacting customer relations or through the relevant Renault phone application.
For some electric vehicles, when you connect your phone to your vehicle, your mobile phone number will be requested to send you notifications regarding the charge status of your battery. You can manage notifications preferences in the "My notifications" tab on the Dacia application being used to view your battery status.
Information relating to the activation of your services, the sharing of your data and their suspension can be found by contacting your local dealer or by contacting our customer relations team by telephone or by using the appropriate link (see Your Rights section below for details).
We are committed to respecting your privacy, but we remind you that it is your responsibility to inform any other user or the buyer of the connected services on the vehicle and the data collection activities that you have consented to. You should suspend any data collection activities from the vehicle (via the vehicle settings or contacting our customer relations team) before selling and/or transferring your vehicle.
3.2 D Conduct studies and analyses
Studies and analyses are conducted to measure our performance, assess the quality of our products and services and the level of customer satisfaction, and to continuously improve them.
3.2 E Manage our marketing operations
What operations do we carry out as part of our marketing?
Our marketing operations allow us to:
send advertising campaigns to you (for example, by email);
display advertisements on the websites you visit;
adapt the content of Renault Group’s websites according to your interests;
analyse certain data about you to understand your preferences and interests and offer you more suitable, personalised content (see more details on profiling below).
We remind you that we only collectand analyse your data for personalised advertising if you have accepted the placement of one or more of the corresponding cookies, which are described in our cookie policy, and that you can manage them in our dedicated tool at any time by clicking on the link
www.dacia.co.uk/cookies.html
. In cases where we only analyse our online media campaigns, without personalising advertising, we do not collect your data through cookies but directly from you and our partners. In addition if you have not objected to profiling we also use your data for personalised digital marketing or exclusions from campaigns.
In addition, we send advertisements to you via email or SMS, only if you have expressly agreed to receive them (for example, by ticking a box in a contact form, when you create your My Renault user account, etc.).
Where does the data we process for marketing come from?
To manage our marketing operations and, in particular, personalise the advertising and content we show to you, we analyse your data from multiple data sources and using dedicated computerised tools.
Our analyses are based on data provided directly to us by our customers and prospects (for example, by purchasing a vehicle at a Renault Group retailer, by signing up for a test drive on our website, or through data relating to browsing our websites and the use of our mobile applications) and from our partners (for example, your Facebook website browsing data).
The data provided by our partners is data collected using the placed cookies that you have authorised. This data that we use may include, depending on the tools, identification data (surname, first name, contact details), technical identifiers (your terminal’s IP address, technical identifiers assigned to your terminal by Renault Group or by our partners), and browsing and connection data (pages viewed, websites visited, clicks).
What tools allow us to carry out these operations?
We use various tools to manage the above marketing operations.
The data we use to manage our marketing operations is analysed in our own internal tools and databases and in tools developed by our partners (such as Facebook or Google) and/or subcontractors.
In these tools, we generally retain the data we collected from cookies for a maximum of 25 months. However, some of these tools do not retain any data once the processing has been completed.
How do we offer personalised online content and offers?
We can use these tools for profiling (assessing our customers’ preferences) according to the applicable personal data regulations. We believe that it is in our legitimate interest to understand the preferences of our customers and prospects in order to provide them with content in line with their needs or desires.
For example, profiling may lead us to show you advertisements about an automotive segment that you might prefer (an SUV rather than a city car or vice versa). Profiling also allows us to avoid sending promotional offers to you if we understand that they will not match your interests or to limit the number of times the same advertisement is presented to you.
To understand how we process your data in practice, below are some examples:
You are looking for a bi-fuel vehicle and visit Dacia.co.uk to learn about the vehicles sold by the brand.  When you arrive at Dacia.co.uk you accept all the cookies through the cookie management banner. You then click on certain bi-fuel vehicles that interest you for more information about these vehicles.  A few days later, while you are browsing the Internet, an advertisement from Renault Group for the Duster Bi-Fuel is shown on the webpage you are on. You click on it and are redirected to the page presenting the vehicle. Renault Group was able to display this advertisement about a vehicle you might like through the cookies you allowed to be placed on your terminal. Renault Group identified that you were interested in bi-fuel vehicles and launched a personalised campaign to adapt the advertising shown to you.
After reading the detailed description of the Duster, you decide to make an appointment with a dealer for a test drive. After your test drive, you decide to purchase the Duster.  A few days after your purchase, you log in to Facebook and see an advertisement for accessories to protect and optimise your vehicle. You click on the advertisement and arrive on a page on the Dacia website listing all the accessories that may interest you and their features.  We were able to connect your personal data (in particular, your email address and your purchase of a Dacia vehicle) with your browsing data (which helps us understand your preferences, provided that you accepted the placement of cookies and have not opted out of profiling), to offer you useful products that may interest you. You are then emailed (provided you have consented to receive marketing emails) only advertisements we have identified as most consistent with your profile, and you avoid advertisements that are less relevant.
To learn more:
About the role of our partners in processing your data:
We have a contract with each of our partners setting out our respective obligations and responsibilities in processing your personal data in accordance with the requirements of the applicable regulations.
Under these contracts, we and our partners have different roles and responsibilities in processing your data:
For the collection of data from visitors to Renault Group websites
and the transmission of the data to our partners, we are jointly responsible for processing the data with our partners that place cookies on our websites.
For the analysis of the collected data and any further data processing, we and our partners each act as independent data controllers.
Lastly, some partners act as data processors and process data only on our instructions.
About Renault Group’s partners and their data protection policies:
For more information on how Meta’s companies (e.g. Facebook) process your data, including the legal basis and how to exercise your rights with Meta, please refer to Meta’s privacy policy:
www.facebook.com/privacy/policy
For more information on how Google’s companies process your data, please refer to Google’s privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
To learn more about other Renault Group partners, you can consult the list of these partners in our cookies policy and refer to the privacy policies of these partners accessible on their websites or accessible directly from our cookies policy available
www.dacia.co.uk/cookies.html
3.3 The length of time for which we keep your data
In accordance with the regulations, we are committed to keeping your personal data only for the time necessary to achieve the objective pursued, to meet your needs, or to meet our legal obligations.
In determining this time, we take into account, in particular, the following:
The length of your contract,
The time required to process your request or complaint,
The length of time your user account has been open, unless it has been inactive for 3 years,
Your interest in our brands,
The need to keep a record of your interactions with us, to effectively manage our business relationship. This period will vary depending, in particular, on whether you have bought a vehicle or a service such as repair, or whether you have only interacted with us without entering into contracts with us,
Our legal or regulatory obligations (this is particularly the case for the technical data of our vehicles).
When we no longer need to use your personal data, it is deleted from our systems and records or made anonymous so that we can no longer identify you. However, it may be necessary to archive some of your personal data in order to be able to respond to any legal proceedings, throughout the statute of limitations provided for in the applicable legislation.
4 Who has access to your personal data?
Within Groupe Renault and its network members, we ensure that only those people who are duly authorised for their functions and tasks to process your personal data are given access to your data.
We may share your personal data with our approved dealer network and Renault SAS. We may also share your personal data with other companies in Groupe Renault such as Renault MAI, in charge of mobility activities (such as car sharing and remote test drive services), or subsidiaries offering financial services, such as RCI Banque SA and RCI Bank UK Limited, either under such companies’ legitimate interest or in order to fulfil our contractual obligations. Your consent will be obtained where consent is required by the regulations. These entities may act as data controller, in accordance with their personal data protection policy, or as processor, to perform tasks according to the instructions we give them.
In order to process all or part of your personal data, we call upon trusted third-party providers, acting as processors, in accordance with our instructions and solely on our behalf, to fulfil the following functions:
For all of this data sharing, we ensure that we only work with trusted companies and secure these relationships (contracts, audits, guarantees and security tests, etc.).
-  Hosting, operation or maintenance of our databases, websites and mobile
applications,
-  Provision of authentication services,
-  Credit/debit card payment processors (including WorldPay);
-  RAC, AXA or other provider of services directly to you;
-  A purchaser or potential purchaser of our business or otherwise in the event of a merger, re-organisation or similar event;
-  Customer relations management (call centres, communication tools, etc.);
-  Provision of services relating to our marketing, including the sending of commercial offers;
-  Organisation of competitions and events;
-  Performance of studies and surveys;
-  Any associated or connected motor manufacturer from whom we purchase or hire goods (and their group companies);
-  Other members of the Renault group for product development, statistical analysis and audit purposes;
-  Third party insurance providers;
-  Credit reference and fraud prevention agencies to help us make credit decisions and fraud prevention checks (they may also share information about you with us);
-  Debt collection agencies;
-  The police, fraud prevention and identity authentication entities, other law
enforcement agencies, government and tax authorities in the United Kingdom or abroad in order to detect, investigate and prevent crime (please note that
fraud prevention agencies may also enable law enforcement agencies to access
and use your information to detect, investigate and prevent crime);
-  The courts in the United Kingdom or abroad as necessary to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect vital interests and to protect the security or integrity of our business operations.
For all of this data sharing, we ensure that we only work with trusted companies and secure these relationships (contracts, audits, guarantees and security tests, etc.).
Your data may be shared with social media companies (e.g Facebook) and other advertising partners (e.g Google) to match you on their sites and send  you online personalised advertising and offers, this processing is carried out under legitimate interest.
In some cases, we may share some of your personal data with partners, who will use it for their own purposes. In such a case, these partners shall act as data controllers and their personal data processing policy shall apply to the data shared. We make sure to ask you for your consent to this sharing when required by the regulations, or at least to enable you to object.
We may also offer you the opportunity to use your social network login data. Please be aware that, in this case, you are sharing your profile information with us. The personal data shared depends on the configuration of the social network platform. Please note that these social networks apply their own privacy policies.
Finally, we may be required to communicate your personal data to third parties in order to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. to recover a traffic fine following a test drive) or an administrative or legal decision.
5 What are your rights?
5.1- Your rights
You have several rights under personal data protection regulations:
A right to object
to the processing of your personal data, provided you have grounds connected with your particular situation, and the right to request the
limitation
of your personal data processing, in some cases as provided for in regulations.
A right to object to any commercial solicitation:
you can ask at any time not to receive our communications related to our offers, news and events. This right may, in particular, be exercised via the unsubscribe link in each marketing email. You can also
object to profiling.
A right to withdraw your consent
at any time, for the purposes for which we obtained your consent.
A right to information
: you have the right to obtain clear, transparent and understandable information about how we use your personal data and about your rights. This policy is an example of this.
A right of access to your personal data
: you have the right to obtain information concerning the processing of your personal data (including the data that is used, for what purposes, etc.) and a copy thereof.
A right of rectification
: you have the right to correct your data if it is inaccurate or incomplete, despite our efforts to keep it up to date, enabling us to comply with our obligation to have up-to-date data about you.
A right to the portability
of your data, i.e., under certain conditions, the right to receive the personal data you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used computerised format, and for it to be transmitted to a third party if technically possible.
A right to erasure
(or right to be forgotten): you have the right to have your data erased or deleted. This right may be limited in light of our contractual or legal obligations (contract in progress) (prevention of legal action in particular).
A right to define
either general or specific guidelines regarding certain types of processing, with respect to the retention, deletion and communication of your personal data in the event of your death. You may change or delete these guidelines at any time. You may share these special guidelines with us by writing to the address below.
Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the
Information Commissioner’s Office
(ICO) about the processing of your personal data. We encourage you to contact us prior to any claim, so that we may attempt to resolve your problem together.
5.2- How do I exercise them?
You can update your contact details and manage your marketing preferences directly in your user account (MyRenault, MyDacia, etc.).
To exercise any of your rights, you can send us your request at any time by
using our form
, or calling our customer relations team on 0344 3350 000.  You can unsubscribe from receiving our mailings at any time by sending a request
using this form
, or you can also unsubscribe at any time in the future by using the link that appears in the footer of every email that we send to you, or by post to: Renault UK, The Rivers Office Park, Denham Way, Maple Cross, Rickmansworth WD3  9YS.  We may request certain information or documents (identity document, vehicle registration document) when we fail to identify you or to identify your vehicle data.
6 HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA KEPT SECURE?
Your personal data is stored on secure servers. We put in place, and require from our processors and partners, appropriate data security and data protection measures in line with the latest technologies.
When personal data processing involves transferring data, we ensure that this transfer is carried out under appropriate conditions that ensure an adequate level of protection, security and confidentiality.
When a digital account is created, entering a password that respects our security standards is mandatory and is part of our privacy policy. It is your responsibility to keep it secret.
Whenever possible, your data is processed in the European Economic Area (EEA). However, as some of our service providers or their processors are located in countries outside of the EEA, your personal data may be processed in those countries. Some of these countries may have different personal data regulations from those of the European Union. In such a case, (i) we pay particular attention to ensuring that this transfer is carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations and (ii) we put in place safeguards ensuring an adequate level of protection of your privacy and fundamental rights (in particular by using the European Commission's standard contractual clauses). Upon simple request sent to the address indicated in the "What are your rights?" section, we can provide you with more information on such transfers (in particular the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses).
7 Modification of this document
We may change this information from time to time. We will inform you and/or seek your consent whenever necessary or required. We therefore recommend that you consult this policy each time you visit our website in order to review the latest version.
Version 02 updated on 01/04/2021
This new version is a major overhaul of the previous version. It is more accessible and more comprehensive. Here you can find all the terms and conditions governing use of your personal data (in particular the complete list of our purposes). The processing of your personal data for connected services and on-board applications is now included in this policy. We provide you with new information about profiling. This version also provides more transparency about the recipients of your personal data, within or outside our group.
Last updated: 12/07/2023
Fasten your cookies…
Our site and its partners use
cookies
to measure the audience and performance of the site, show you personalised and/or geolocated advertisements and content, and allow you to interact with our content through social networks.
You can change options and find out more information at any time by visiting our
Cookie Policy.
REJECT COOKIES
ACCEPT COOKIES
MANAGE PREFERENCES
Choose your cookies
Technical
Analytics
Content personalisation
Advertising
Social Media
Choose your cookies
Our site and its partners use cookies to ensure that the site works properly and to offer you a more personalised experience.
Here at Dacia we respect your right to privacy, and provide you with the means to choose the personal data you provide to us. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings.
Please note that:
- Blocking certain types of cookies may impact your browsing experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. For more information please see our
privacy policy
and/or
cookie policy
.
- Your cookie preferences will be saved for a period of six months
Always Active
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality, personalisation, or to carry out the actions you intiate (e.g. remembering your cookies choices) and cannot be disabled as they do not require your consent. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
Analytics
Inactive
These cookies allow us to perform evaluate user traffic and how they interact with our content. They let us improve user experience and the general ergonomics of the site, while presenting better content.
Content personalisation
Inactive
These cookies allow us to improve site content, so it is more tailored to your use. They also prevent us from showing you content that may not interest you.
Advertising
Inactive
These cookies are intended to improve the relevance of advertisements and content on this site and on third-party media. Whenever we send you promotional messages or display such messages, our objective is to send you the most relevant advertisements and offers possible, tailored to your needs or that are likely to actually interest you. Likewise, to avoid showing you the same ad repeatedly.

These cookies may in particular process data relating to your personal preferences, your interests in our products and/or services, your consumption habits, etc. We can use tools to automate the processing of your personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to you and in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning your personal preferences and needs. The data processed in this context may have been collected from different sources and may be interconnected: data from our customer files, navigation data, data from third parties, data on the use of your vehicle, etc. This processing is intended to push you personalised content related to certain personal aspects relating to you, such as dedicated offers by e-mails, personalised advertising, content on our websites related to your interests, etc. For example, this processing can lead us to push you information related to the car segment you are likely to favour (an SUV rather than a city car, or vice versa). The use of such tools is defined as profiling by regulations.
Social Media
Inactive
These cookies allow you to interact with the social media plugins on this site (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.), for instance when looking at content (e.g. personalised ads)from a social network or click to share content (e.g. measuring content). The social network providing such an application button is likely to identify you through this button, even if you did not use this button when you visited our site. Indeed, this type of application button may allow the social network in question to track your browsing on our website, by the mere fact that your account on the social network in question was activated on your device (open session) at the same time that you were browsing our website.

Please refer to the privacy policies of these social networks to discover how the browsing information they can collect using these buttons is used, including for advertising purposes.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel