Moleskine Journey and Moleskine Planner
Privacy Policy
November 4, 2024
Hello and welcome to the privacy policy (the
"Policy"
of Edo.io Srl (
"Edo"
or
"We"
or
"Us"
), a company under Italian law that developed and owns
Moleskine Journey
(former Edo Agenda), a cloud service that combines calendar, note-taking and task management functions and makes them available as a web application and for mobile devices published on the website
https://discover.moleskinejourney.com
and
Moleskine Planner
(former Moleskine Balance), an app that makes you aware of how you use your time, allowing you to visually plan your days and find out where you invest your hours through intuitive charts published on the
App Store
(each hereinafter the
"Platform"
).
Moleskine Journey and Moleskine Planner are part of the new Suite of Apps created to help you plan and design your life: the
Moleskine Everyday Suite
which will include four Apps. In addition to the two Apps already mentioned, in fact, Moleskine Everyday Suite will include also Moleskine Notebook which will help you focus on ideas, with digital and analog writing and drawing functions to spark your creativity, and. Moleskine Pocket which will help you gather inspiration and organise your projects and ideas in one convenient place.
You will be able to access and use the Moleskine Journey and Moleskine Planner apps
        by registering, just once, and then logging in with your credentials (password and username)
        to each of the two apps. In other words, your user profile is unique and, in this way,
        by logging in with Journey credentials, you will have the ability to take advantage
        of the potential offered by Planner and vice versa, by logging in with Planner credentials
        you will have automatic access features offered by Journey.
        This will allow you to have at your disposal a wider range of services - without prejudice
        to the need to subscribe specifically to use the premium features of the apps - without
        the need to make two separate logins and therefore without the need to obtain additional
        login credentials.
In view of the complementary nature of the features offered by the two apps and the fact
        that Edo is the data controller for the personal data processed by both of them,
        the unification of your account for access to the two Apps does not entail any changes
        relating to the purpose or the legal bases of the processing referred to in this Policy.
Through the Platform we collect certain information about you, as a User
        (
"you"
or the
"User"
), that qualifies as personal data (the
"Personal Data"
).
        Personal Data is information about individuals who are identified or identifiable through other information,
        such as a number or identification code. Examples of Personal Data include a person's first name, last name, address, social security number, a picture, a person's voice, fingerprints, and bank details.
The purpose of this Policy is to provide you with all the information you need so that you, as a User, can understand our policy with regard to the collection, disclosure, and use of your Personal Data.
If you intend to activate the Platform's services through services offered by third parties (by way of example only and not limited to: login with Google), Personal Data about you may be shared by such third parties with Edo, as better explained below.
        We recommend that you read carefully the relevant privacy policy on any such third-party websites on how your Data will be processed by them and possibly shared with Edo:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=it
(with regard to login with Google).
This Policy does not apply to the services offered by third parties in the event of syncing between the Platform and such services and to their methods of processing Personal Data. We recommend that you read carefully the relevant privacy policy on any such third-party websites on how any Personal Data will be processed by them:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=it
(with regard to syncing events with Google Calendar).
This Policy does not apply to technical services offered by third parties in the event of external integration between the Platform and such services and their methods of processing of Personal Data. We recommend that you read carefully the relevant privacy policies on any such third-party websites:
Firebase
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/
Mailchimp
https://mailchimp.com/legal
Mailjet
https://www.mailjet.com/security-privacy
Freshdesk
https://www.freshworks.com/terms/
Stripe
https://stripe.com/it/legal#translation
Chartmogul
https://chartmogul.com/terms/
Featurebase
https://www.featurebase.app/privacy-policy
RevenueCat
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy
OpenAI
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy
Moleskine Journey
and
Moleskine Planner
optionally integrate with OpenAI to provide the Mol-E AI assistant feature.
The information you enter may be also sent to OpenAI's servers.
We won't sell these data, but we might use them to improve this feature. Just be aware of this information when using Mol-E and don't share anything private.
        This feature is new and experimental. Results may be incomplete or inaccurate and they may change in the future.
If you are under the age of 18 (eighteen), or you lack legal capacity, this Policy is addressed to the person in charge of such undertaking under current Italian law, and who is the only person authorised to give the relevant express consent.
This Policy may be subject to additions or amendments in order to update it with respect to regulations and/or to adapt it to any technical changes made to the Platform and/or to any changes in the purposes or methods of processing your Data.
We will inform you of any changes with specific and appropriate individual notifications, but we recommend that you check this document periodically so as to stay up to date. Any updated versions, which will bear the date on which the update was made, will be published promptly on the Platform.
***
1. Data Controller, Data Processors and Data Protection Officer
The data controller is Edo.io Srl, with registered office in Terni (TR), Via Federico Fratini, 6, e-mail team@edo.io, hereinafter also referred to as the
"Controller"
.
Appointed as System Administrator is:
Marco Muratore
A detailed list of Data Processors can always be requested by sending a simple written request to the Data Controller at the addresses indicated above.
2. Types of data processed and purpose of the processing
2.1 Browsing data and activity
The IT systems and procedures used to operate the Platform may automatically acquire, during their normal operation, certain Personal Data relating to your browsing activity, such as, by way of example, your IP address, the number of times you have accessed the site, the duration of the visit, the browser or device used, the pages viewed, and the date and time of access.

        Personal data relating to your browsing is collected primarily in order to obtain non-identifying statistical information about the use of the Platform and to check its proper functioning.
To carry out these operations, the Platform currently uses:
(i) Firebase, a mobile analytics service provided by Google that sends anonymised information from your device via API calls
(ii) Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google that sends cookies to your device.
2.1.1 Cookies
Cookies (
"Cookies"
) are small pieces of text that are stored on your device and which record data related to your browsing activity. If cookies are not disabled, this data is communicated to the website, or the application that installed them, each time you return to the website.
Types of Cookies:
Technical cookies
: allow you to browse through the website or application and use options or services. For example, they identify the session, restrict access to web parts, remember the elements of an order, make a request for registration or participation in an event, use the security features while browsing, and store content for audio or video broadcast. In other words, these are all of the cookies that are required to satisfy the specific request that you have made at that time and are not used for any other purpose.
Profiling cookies
: allow for a more effective management of the website or application's advertising space and enable the customisation of the advertisement so that it may be relevant to the user and prevent the user from viewing advertisements which have already been seen. These cookies therefore perform true profiling of the users' behaviour.
Third-party cookies
: third-party cookies are cookies used by the operator of the website or application, but are installed on the user's device by third parties other than the operator of the website or application. Third-party cookies are, for example, the statistical services of Google Analytics or the advertising service of Google Adsense.
The Platform uses the following in particular:
(i)
Technical cookies (which store your login credentials in order to make it possible to login) and for which your specific consent is not required;
(ii)
Third-party analytical cookies:
(ii)(a)
fully implemented with measures that make it possible to remove any identifying data and which are not cross-referenced by the third party, for which your specific consent is not required;
(ii)(b)
used without measures to remove identifying data, for which your specific consent is required.
If you would like more information about these cookies, or to find out how to refuse or delete them, please take a look at the privacy policies below, using the addresses provided.
Below is a list of the Cookies used.
Cookie name
Domain
Description
Duration
_ga
edo.io
Used to distinguish users.
2 years
_gid
edo.io
Used to distinguish users.
24 hours
_gat
edo.io
Used to throttle request rate.
1 minute
__utma
edo.io
Used to distinguish users and sessions.
                The cookie is created by the javascript library, it is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 years from set/update
__utmt
edo.io
Used to throttle request rate.
10 minutes
__utmb
edo.io
Used to determine new sessions/visits.
                The cookie is created by the javascript library, it is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
30 minutes from set/update
__utmc
edo.io
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically used to determine if the user had started a new session.
Until end of browser session
__utmz
edo.io
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site.
                The cookie is created by the javascript library, it is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months from set/update
__utmv
edo.io
Used to store personalised visitor data.
                The cookie is updated each time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 years from set/update
_fbp
edo.io
Used to track the results of Facebook campaigns that lead to your site.
90 days from set/update
cookie_permission
agenda.edo.io
Used to store consent to the use of cookies
1 year
refresh_token
agenda.edo.io
Used to keep the user session active and update the access_token
30 days after set
access_token
agenda.edo.io
Used to authenticate requests to the server
1 day
cookie_permission
moleskinejourney.com
Used to store consent to the use of cookies
1 year
refresh_token
moleskinejourney.com
Used to keep the user session active and update the access_token
30 days after set
access_token
moleskinejourney.com
Used to authenticate requests to the server
1 day
(i)
Google Analytics (Google Inc.) → Third-party cookie identifier. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect and analyse information on Platform usage patterns. The information collected and processed by Google Analytics allows us to prepare reports regarding the activities carried out on the Platform. We use Google's analysis tool to monitor or collect information.
For more information, please refer to the links below:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
You can selectively disable Google Analytics by installing the opt-out component provided by Google on your browser. If you would therefore like to disable Google Analytics, please access the link below:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
(ii)
Facebook Pixel (Facebook Inc.): third-party cookies. This is a statistical data collection tool that allows you to measure the effectiveness of your advertising by understanding the actions that people perform on your website.
More information:
https://www.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153
(iii)
Session cookies. These make it possible to identify the user and perform operations on the data. They allow the user to keep an active session and not have to log in at each new browser session.
The installation of Cookies, which normally takes place automatically with most browsers, can be prevented by simply deactivating the ability to receive Cookies in your browser settings.
For further, more specific information about Cookies, please click on the link of the browser you usually use:
(i)
Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome
(ii)
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/
(iii)
Internet Explorer:
http://windows.microsoft.com/
(iv)
Opera:
http://help.opera.com/
(v)
Safari:
http://support.apple.com/
For more information or clarifications, you can contact us by email at: journeyapp@moleskine.com.
If you decide not to enable Cookies, your experience on the Platform may be limited.
You can find more information about cookies and how to manage them by consulting the site
www.aboutcookies.org
or by consulting the provision
identification of the simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies
.
2.2 Data processed in relation to the use of services accessible through the use of credentials
The services of the Platform may be reserved for registered Users. In that case, to complete the registration process you
must
provide the following Personal Data:
- Name
- Surname
- E-mail address
The provision of any other Personal Data that may be required as part of the registration procedure, where not expressly indicated as required, is optional and entirely left up to you.
How may we use your Personal Data for this purpose?
In general, we may need to use your Personal Data, such as your e-mail address,
        to set up and manage your account (for example, to send you password reminders
        or notify you of changes to your account details).
        We may also need to use your Personal Data to fulfil our contractual obligations to you,
        for example to provide the Platform's services.
What is the legal basis for us to process your Personal Data in this way?
Processing your Personal Data is required to set up and manage your account. The performance of the Platform's services also makes it necessary to process your Personal Data in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you.
The Personal Data provided may also be processed for:
(i) Sending advertising and marketing commercial communications
.
                Subject to obtaining express consent, your Personal Data may be used for the purpose of sending
                advertising and marketing commercial communications, possibly taking into account the
                information you decide to provide by freely answering questions we ask you in order to
                better understand your interests. The consent to the processing of this data is optional
                and a refusal by you will not result in the inability to use the services of the Platform.
                Even in case of your consent, you will still have the right to object, in whole or in part,
                to the processing of your Personal Data for advertising and commercial purposes, by making
                a simple request to the Data Controller, without any formalities.
How can we use your Personal Data for this purpose?
We may process Personal Data to
                send information and advertising material, including those from third parties; send
                commercial communications, even interactive; carry out direct sales or placement of products
                or services; or for all legitimate commercial purposes.
What is the legal basis that allows us to process your Personal Data in this way?
The unequivocal, free, specific, informed, verifiable, revocable manifestation of your specific consent.
(ii) profiling activities, study and analysis of your interests and your requirements
                    for the purposes of the definition of individual and group profiles
, after obtaining
                your consent.
                The consent to the processing of this data is optional and a refusal by you will not result in the inability
                to use the services of the Platform. Even in case of consent, you will still have the right
                to object, in whole or in part, to the processing of your Personal Data for profiling
                purposes, making a simple request to the Data Controller, without any formality.
How can we use your Personal Data for this purpose?
We may process your Personal Data
                to better understand your interests and preferences, in order to provide you an experience
                that is consistent with those interests and preferences. For example, we may do so in order
                to provide you with access to content for which you have shown the most interest, or to send
                you personalized offers or promotions via email (provided that you have consented to receive
                our communications for advertising and commercial purposes), or to offer you advertising
                content relating to your interests. This includes, for example, adapting our advertising
                to make certain advertisements visible when the public is particularly interested in them.
What is the legal basis that allows us to process your Personal Data in this way?
The
                unequivocal, free, specific, informed, verifiable, revocable manifestation of your specific
                consent.
2.3 Personal Data that you provide voluntarily to us
The Personal Data that you provide voluntarily and freely on the basis of your own free will (for example the sending of e-mails to the addresses indicated on the Platform in order to obtain information or the chosen inclusion of content on the Platform), may be acquired by us and in this case processed in our capacity as Data Controller. In any case, we will ask for your consent to the processing before processing your Personal Data.
Such Personal Data, where different from that already in our possession as per Article 2.2, will not in any way be disclosed or communicated to third parties outside the company of the Data Controller, nor will it be used to define the profiles or personality of the person concerned or for direct or indirect commercial or advertising purposes and, in any case, will be processed and possibly stored solely for the purposes of providing the service.
2.4 Data relating to advanced sharing and collaboration features
The Platform has advanced sharing and collaboration features that allow you, as User, to
        create a diary that can be sent, by third party means of transmission (for example via email
        or messaging applications), to third parties who are not currently users of the Platform.
        In making use of these sharing and collaboration features, as User of the Platform you
        undertake to avoid the use of Personal Data of third parties in relation to which you have
        not previously received an authorization from the respective owners. Such Personal Data will
        not be visible to us during transmission, and will not be acquired by us and processed as
        Data Controller, unless, after the specific acceptance of this Policy and the related
        processing, such Personal Data coincide with those subjects of processing in accordance
        with this Policy regarding third parties who have become Users.
2.5 Logging in with third-party services
We allow you or we will allow you to register and/or use our services using the account of some of the major social networks (including but not limited to Google). By choosing to use these services to register with the Platform, you authorise us to collect your Personal Data for authentication to these social networks (e.g. your username, your login credentials – in encrypted form).
The Personal Data we have access to will vary depending on how you set your privacy settings and consent on these social networks. If you decide to link the account managed by one of the above social networks to your account on the Platform – by authorising access to your Personal Data – you authorise us to acquire, process and possibly communicate the Personal Data present on these social networks, in accordance with current information and for all the specific related purposes.
Please note that we do not retain and will not retain the password to your Google account.
2.6 Protection of Personal Data
The Platform provides for the use of particularly advanced encryption technologies to protect the integrity and confidentiality of Personal Data.
The data is saved on an architecture that allows for daily backups and in case of transfer, where subject to consent, sensitive data is encrypted with AES, bcrypt      or SHA2 algorithms.
However, take note that the use of an open and public computer system, such as the Internet for the transmission of information, increases the standard risks of any remote service
3. Categories of subjects to whom the Personal Data may be communicated and scope of data dissemination
Unless otherwise specified in relation to the individual purposes of the processing as specified above, the Personal Data collected may be disclosed to – or otherwise become known to – persons in charge of and/or responsible (including external) for the processing, in relation to the skills and functions of each, in order to meet the above purposes or to implement specific regulatory and/or contractual obligations.
In particular, your Personal Data may also be brought to the attention of the following subjects or categories of subjects, to the extent that this is required for the fulfilment of regulatory and/or contractual obligations:
(i)
internal and/or external consultants or collaborators, in order to comply with current legislation and/or to perform contractual services in their dealings with the individuals concerned (by way of example only and not limited to: labour consultants, legal consultants, accountants, tax experts, auditors, and so on);
(ii)
judicial authorities or other public authorities, in compliance with the purposes specified above or for legal obligations.
(iii)
associated companies.
Your Personal Data may then be communicated to companies, which Edo may contact for the implementation of operations necessary for the performance of the provisions you have received and for the provision of the services requested.
None of your Personal Data will be voluntarily disclosed unless you have expressly authorised it.
3.1 Transfer of Personal Data to Moleskine S.r.l. for marketing and profiling purposes
Subject to your specific consent, your Personal Data can be transferred to Moleskine S.r.l., which is an Italian company that controls Edo and will process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
(i)
Generic direct marketing activities carried out in the exclusive interest of Moleskine S.r.l. Please note that Personal Data transferred to Moleskine S.r.l. for that purpose will be matched with those already contained in Moleskine S.r.l. databases in order to detect overlaps between them and extract statistical data relating to Moleskine marketing activities.
(ii)
Profiling activities aimed at the realization of marketing campaigns targeted on you according to your preferences expressed through the Platform and through retail stores or the e-commerce platform of Moleskine S.r.l., with exclusive reference to products of Moleskine S.r.l.
In both the abovementioned scenarios, Moleskine S.r.l. will process your Personal Data acting as autonomous controller with the meaning of Article 4(7) GDPR.
In particular, depending on your specific consent, Moleskine S.r.l. will process your Personal Data for both marketing and profiling purposes or only for marketing purposes. Moleskine S.r.l. will not process your Personal Data if you give your consent only for profiling and not for marketing purposes.
Moleskine S.r.l. will process your Personal Data in full compliance with the general principles of the GDPR and will respect a retention period of 60 (sixty) months established for both marketing and profiling purposes. At the expiry of the mentioned retention period, Moleskine S.r.l. shall seek the renewal of your consent to continue to the processing of your Personal Data.
In any case, the refusal to provide your consent to the transfer of your Personal Data to Moleskine S.r.l. for marketing and/or profiling purpose will not affect in any way your ability to use the Platform.
For further and more detailed information about how Moleskine S.r.l. will process your Personal Data, you are encouraged to consult Moleskine S.r.l.
privacy policy
.
4. Processing method
The Personal Data held for the purposes set out above is processed by us, in a lawful and correct manner, by the prevalent use of automated or semi-automated tools.
5. Optional provision of data, consent and consequences of refusal
Except in the cases in which the acquisition of Personal Data is deemed necessary for the purposes of using the services you have requested; the provision of any other Personal Data is entirely optional.
Failure to provide optional data will not have any detrimental consequences for the user. Failure to provide required data may, however, make it impossible to use the services for which it is necessary to provide such data.
6. Duration of the retention of your personal data
In accordance with applicable data protection legislation, your Personal Data is stored for the period of time strictly necessary to provide the service, fulfil our obligations and achieve the purposes for which such data was collected. We may also retain data until the expiration of the applicable statutory limitation period if this is necessary to protect our legitimate interests. Thereafter, we will remove the data from our systems and records and/or take appropriate steps to make it anonymous so that you cannot be identified (unless we need to retain the data for the purpose of complying with our regulatory obligations).
7. Rights of the data subject
You have the right to request details about the Personal Data we process, and to revoke your consent to its processing, to correct or delete it and not to be contacted if you have not requested this.
(i) The right to access your Personal Data
You can request access to your Personal Data by contacting us through the contact details found at the bottom of the page. The file containing your Personal Data is usually made available within 10 days. It will however be made available no later than 30 days. On some occasions, we may be in a position to refuse access to your Personal Data (for example, if access unreasonably harms someone else's privacy or endangers someone's security). In this case we will provide you with a formal and explicit explanation of the reason for this impossibility. In some cases, we may also charge you an administrative fee to provide access to your Personal Data. Any fees will be reasonable and before we provide access to your Personal Data we will notify you to obtain your consent. If you request a copy of your Personal Data using electronic means, such as email, we will provide you with a copy of your data in electronic format, unless you request otherwise.
(ii) The right to modification or cancellation/deletion of your Personal Data
If you have created an account, you can access this account to edit or delete your Personal Data. Otherwise, you can send your request to journeyapp@moleskine.com or use the feedback form on the web or mobile application. If you have problems updating or deleting your data, you can still send an email with your request to journeyapp@moleskine.com or use the feedback form on the web or mobile application and we will solve the problem as soon as possible.
In the case of exercising the right to be forgotten, we will inform the data controllers that are processing your personal data.
(iii) The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data
You always have the right to ask us to stop processing your Personal Data, pursuant to applicable regulations.
(iv) The right to restrict the processing of your Personal Data
You have the right to ask to obtain the restriction of the processing of your Personal Data where: (a) the accuracy your Personal Data is contested, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of your Personal Data; (b) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the Personal Data and request the restriction of their use instead; (c) we no longer need the Personal Data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; (d) you have objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) GDPR pending the verification whether our legitimate grounds override those of you.
(v) The right to have your Personal Data transmitted to another organisation ( Personal Data Portability)
In the event that your Personal Data is processed for the purpose of your consent or for the performance of a contract, you have the right to ask us to provide you with the data relating to you and held by us in a structured, commonly used and readable format, and, where technically possible, to transmit such data directly to another organisation.
(vi) Complaints
If you believe that applicable data protection laws have been violated, you have the right to file a complaint with the Local Authority for the Protection of Personal Data in the European Economic Area (
"EEA"
).
The local Data Protection Authority will be different depending on the country you are in. In the annex to the Privacy Policy, you can find a list of the Local Data Protection Authorities in the EEA countries in which we operate.
The above-mentioned rights can be exercised by you at any time by sending us a simple request by email.
Physical location of Personal Data
Your Personal Data is stored within the European Economic Area (
"EEA"
). Your Personal Data, in particular, is stored on Microsoft Azure servers, located in the Netherlands.
8. How to contact us?
If you have any questions or concerns about how we process your Personal Data, or would like to stop processing or would like to request a copy of your Personal Data, contact us via the feedback form on the web or mobile application      or write to us on: 
        journeyapp@moleskine.com
        Include your reply address when you write to us.
Annex
List of personal data protection authorities (EEA countries)
If you believe that applicable data protection laws have been violated, you have the right to file a complaint with the European Economic Area (EEA) Local Data Protection Authority.
The local authority is different depending on the country. Below you can find details of the local data protection authorities of the countries of the European Economic Area.
Country
Personal data protection authority
Austria
Österreichische Datenschutzbehörde
Hohenstaufengasse 3
1010 Wien
Tel. +43 1 531 15 202525
Fax +43 1 531 15 202690
e-mail:
dsb@dsb.gv.at
Website:
http://www.dsb.gv.at/
Belgium
Commission de la protection de la vie privée
Rue de la Presse 35
1000 Bruxelles
Tel. +32 2 274 48 00
Fax +32 2 274 48 10
e-mail:
commission@privacycommission.be
Website:
http://www.privacycommission.be/
Bulgaria
Commission for Personal Data Protection
2, Prof. Tsvetan Lazarov blvd.
Sofia 1592
Tel. +359 2 915 3523
Fax +359 2 915 3525
e-mail:
kzld@cpdp.bg
Website:
http://www.cpdp.bg/
Croatia
Croatian Personal Data Protection Agency
Marticeva 14
10000 Zagreb
Tel. +385 1 4609 000
Fax +385 1 4609 099
e-mail:
azop@azop.hr
or
info@azop.hr
Website:
http://www.azop.hr/
Cyprus
Commissioner for Personal Data Protection
1 Iasonos Street,
1082 Nicosia
P.O. Box 23378, CY-1682 Nicosia
Tel. +357 22 818 456
Fax +357 22 304 565
e-mail:
commissioner@dataprotection.gov.cy
Website:
http://www.dataprotection.gov.cy/
Czech Republic
The Office for Personal Data Protection
Urad pro ochranu osobnich udaju
Pplk. Sochora 27
170 00 Prague 7
Tel. +420 234 665 111
Fax +420 234 665 444
e-mail:
posta@uoou.cz
Website:
http://www.uoou.cz/
Denmark
Datatilsynet
Borgergade 28, 5
1300 Copenhagen K
Tel. +45 33 1932 00
Fax +45 33 19 32 18
e-mail:
dt@datatilsynet.dk
Website:
http://www.datatilsynet.dk/
Estonia
Estonian Data Protection Inspectorate (Andmekaitse Inspektsioon)
Väike-Ameerika 19
10129 Tallinn
Tel. +372 6274 135
Fax +372 6274 137
e-mail:
info@aki.ee
Website:
http://www.aki.ee/en
Finland
Office of the Data Protection Ombudsman
P.O. Box 315
FIN-00181 Helsinki
Tel. +358 10 3666 700
Fax +358 10 3666 735
e-mail:
tietosuoja@om.fi
Website:
http://www.tietosuoja.fi/en/
France
Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés - CNIL
8 rue Vivienne, CS 30223
F-75002 Paris, Cedex 02
Tel. +33 1 53 73 22 22
Fax +33 1 53 73 22 00
e-mail:
Website:
http://www.cnil.fr/
Germany
Die Bundesbeauftragte für den Datenschutz und die Informationsfreiheit
Husarenstraße 30
53117 Bonn
Tel. +49 228 997799 0; +49 228 81995 0
Fax +49 228 997799 550; +49 228 81995 550
e-mail:
poststelle@bfdi.bund.de
Website:
http://www.bfdi.bund.de/
In Germania, la competenza per i reclami è divisa fra diverse Autorità di vigilanza per la protezione dei dati personali.
Le autorità competenti possono essere identificate con la lista prevista al link seguente:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/bfdi_wiki/index.php/Aufsichtsbeh%C3%B6rden_und_Landesdatenschutzbeauftragte
Greece
Hellenic Data Protection Authority
Kifisias Av. 1-3, PC 11523
Ampelokipi Athens
Tel. +30 210 6475 600
Fax +30 210 6475 628
e-mail:
contact@dpa.gr
Website:
http://www.dpa.gr/
Hungary
Data Protection Commissioner of Hungary
Szilágyi Erzsébet fasor 22/C
H-1125 Budapest
Tel. +36 1 3911 400
e-mail:
peterfalvi.attila@naih.hu
Website:
http://www.naih.hu/
Iceland
The Icelandic Data Protection Authority
Rauðarárstígur 10, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland
Tel. +354-510-9600
e-mail:
postur@personuvernd.is
Website
:
https://www.personuvernd.is/
Ireland
Data Protection Commissioner
Canal House
Station Road
Portarlington
Co. Laois
Lo-Call: 1890 25 22 31
Tel. +353 57 868 4800
Fax +353 57 868 4757
e-mail:
info@dataprotection.ie
Website:
http://www.dataprotection.ie/
Italy
Garante per la protezione dei dati personali
Piazza di Monte Citorio, 121
00186 Roma
Tel. +39 06 69677 1
Fax +39 06 69677 785
e-mail:
garante@garanteprivacy.it
Website:
http://www.garanteprivacy.it/
Latvia
Data State Inspectorate
Direttore: Sig. Signe Plumina
Blaumana str. 11/13-15
1011 Riga
Tel. +371 6722 3131
Fax +371 6722 3556
e-mail:
info@dvi.gov.lv
Website:
http://www.dvi.gov.lv/
Liechtenstein
Datenschutzstelle
Kirchstrasse 8
Postfach 684
9490 Vaduz
Tel:
+423 236 60 90
e-mail:
info.dss@llv.li
Website:
http://www.llv.li/#/1758/datenschutzstelle
Lithuania
State Data Protection
Žygimanty str. 11-6a
011042 Vilnius
Tel. + 370 5 279 14 45
Fax +370 5 261 94 94
e-mail:
ada@ada.lt
Website:
http://www.ada.lt/
Luxembourg
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données
1, avenue du Rock’n’Roll
L-4361 Esch-sur-Alzette
Tel. +352 2610 60 1
Fax +352 2610 60 29
e-mail:
info@cnpd.lu
Website:
http://www.cnpd.lu/
Malta
Office of the Data Protection Commissioner
Commissario per la protezione dei dati personali: Sig. Joseph Ebejer
2, Airways House
High Street, Sliema SLM 1549
Tel. +356 2328 7100
Fax +356 2328 7198
e-mail:
commissioner.dataprotection@gov.mt
Website:
http://www.dataprotection.gov.mt/
Holland
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
Prins Clauslaan 60
P.O. Box 93374
2509 AJ Den Haag/The Hague
Tel. +31 70 888 8500
Fax +31 70 888 8501
e-mail:
info@autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl
Website:
https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl
Norway
Datatilsynet
Postboks 8177 Dep.
0034 Oslo
Tel: +47 22 39 69 00
e-mail:
postkasse@datatilsynet.no
Website:
https://www.datatilsynet.no/English/
Poland
The Bureau of the Inspector General for the Protection of Personal Data - GIODO
ul. Stawki 2
00-193 Warsaw
Tel. +48 22 53 10 440
Fax +48 22 53 10 441
e-mail:
kancelaria@giodo.gov.pl
;
desiwm@giodo.gov.pl
Website:
http://www.giodo.gov.pl/
Portugal
Comissão Nacional de Protecção de Dados - CNPD
R. de São. Bento, 148-3°
1200-821 Lisboa
Tel. +351 21 392 84 00
Fax +351 21 397 68 32
e-mail:
geral@cnpd.pt
Website:
http://www.cnpd.pt/
Romania
The National Supervisory Authority for Personal Data Processing
Presidente: Sig.ra Ancuta Gianina Opre
B-dul Magheru 28-30
Sector 1, BUCURESTI
Tel. +40 21 252 5599
Fax +40 21 252 5757
e-mail:
anspdcp@dataprotection.ro
Website:
http://www.dataprotection.ro/
Slovakia
Office for Personal Data Protection of the Slovak Republic
Hranicná 12
820 07 Bratislava 27
Tel.: + 421 2 32 31 32 14
Fax: + 421 2 32 31 32 34
e-mail:
statny.dozor@pdp.gov.sk
Website:
http://www.dataprotection.gov.sk/
Slovenia
Information Commissioner
Sig.ra Mojca Prelesnik
Zaloška 59
1000 Ljubljana
Tel. +386 1 230 9730
Fax +386 1 230 9778
e-mail: gp.ip@ip-rs.si
Website:
https://www.ip-rs.si/
Spain
Agencia de Protección de Datos
C/Jorge Juan, 6
28001 Madrid
Tel. +34 91399 6200
Fax +34 91455 5699
e-mail:
internacional@agpd.es
Website:
https://www.agpd.es/
Sweden
Datainspektionen
Drottninggatan 29
5th Floor
Box 8114
104 20 Stockholm
Tel. +46 8 657 6100
Fax +46 8 652 8652
e-mail:
datainspektionen@datainspektionen.se
Website:
http://www.datainspektionen.se/
United Kingdom
The Information Commissioner’s Office
Water Lane, Wycliffe House
Wilmslow - Cheshire SK9 5AF
Tel. +44 1625 545 745
e-mail:
international.team@ico.org.uk
Website:
https://ico.org.uk
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=it:
Privacy e termini
Introduzione
Norme sulla privacy
Termini di servizio
Tecnologie
Domande frequenti
Account Google
Norme sulla privacy
Introduzione
Dati raccolti da Google
Perché Google raccoglie i dati
I controlli per la privacy a tua disposizione
Condivisione delle informazioni
Protezione delle informazioni
Esportazione ed eliminazione delle informazioni
Conservazione delle tue informazioni
Conformità e cooperazione con le autorità di regolamentazione
Requisiti europei
Informazioni sulle presenti norme
Norme di tutela della privacy correlate
Normative sul trasferimento dei dati
Termini chiave
Partner
Aggiornamenti
Norme sulla privacy di Google
Quando utilizzi i nostri servizi, ci affidi le tue informazioni. Siamo consapevoli che si tratti di una grande responsabilità e ci adoperiamo per proteggere le tue informazioni lasciando a te il controllo.
Le Norme sulla privacy ti consentono di capire meglio quali dati raccogliamo, perché li raccogliamo e come puoi aggiornare, gestire, esportare ed eliminare le tue informazioni.
Qualora la legge sulla protezione dei dati dell'Unione Europea o del Regno Unito si applichi al trattamento delle tue informazioni, puoi consultare la
sezione Requisiti europei
che segue per scoprire di più sui tuoi diritti e sulla conformità di Google a queste leggi.
Controllo privacy
Vuoi modificare le tue impostazioni sulla privacy?
Esegui il Controllo privacy
In vigore dal giorno 16 settembre 2024
|
Versioni precedenti
|
Scarica PDF
Sommario
Introduzione
Dati raccolti da Google
Perché Google raccoglie i dati
I controlli per la privacy a tua disposizione
Condivisione delle informazioni
Protezione delle informazioni
Esportazione ed eliminazione delle informazioni
Conservazione delle tue informazioni
Conformità e cooperazione con le autorità di regolamentazione
Requisiti europei
Informazioni sulle presenti norme
Norme di tutela della privacy correlate
Sviluppiamo una gamma di servizi che ogni giorno aiutano milioni di persone a esplorare e interagire con il mondo in modi sempre nuovi. I nostri servizi includono:
App, siti e dispositivi Google come Ricerca, YouTube e Google Home
Piattaforme come il browser Chrome e il sistema operativo Android
Prodotti integrati in app e siti di terze parti, come annunci, dati e analisi e Google Maps incorporati
Puoi utilizzare i nostri servizi in vari modi per gestire la tua privacy. Ad esempio, puoi registrare un Account Google se vuoi creare e gestire contenuti come email e fotografie o vedere risultati di ricerca più pertinenti. Inoltre, puoi usufruire di numerosi servizi Google anche senza aver eseguito l'accesso al tuo account o senza averne creato uno, come ad esempio cercare su Google o guardare video di YouTube. Puoi anche scegliere di navigare sul web in privato, ad esempio con la
modalità di navigazione in incognito di Chrome
, che contribuisce a mantenere privata la navigazione per gli altri utenti che utilizzano il tuo dispositivo. Inoltre, in tutti i nostri servizi puoi modificare le impostazioni della privacy per controllare se raccogliamo dei tipi di dati e come li usiamo.
Al fine di spiegare i concetti nel modo più chiaro possibile, abbiamo inserito esempi, video esplicativi e definizioni dei
termini chiave
. In caso di domande relative alle presenti Norme sulla privacy,
contattaci
.
Dati raccolti da Google
Desideriamo che tu comprenda i tipi di informazioni che raccogliamo quando utilizzi i nostri servizi
Raccogliamo dati per offrire servizi migliori a tutti i nostri utenti, ad esempio per capire elementi fondamentali come la lingua che parli oppure elementi più complessi come quali
annunci potrebbero esserti più utili
,
le persone che potrebbero interessarti di più online
o quali video di YouTube potrebbero piacerti. Le informazioni raccolte da Google e il modo in cui esse vengono utilizzate dipendono da come utilizzi i nostri servizi e da come gestisci i controlli per la privacy.
Quando non esegui l'accesso a un account Google, archiviamo le informazioni che raccogliamo tramite
identificatori univoci
legati al browser, all'applicazione o al
dispositivo
che stai utilizzando. Ciò ci consente, tra le altre cose, di mantenere le stesse preferenze tra una sessione di navigazione e l'altra, ad esempio la tua lingua preferita o se visualizzare o meno annunci o risultati di ricerca più pertinenti in base alle tue attività.
Quando esegui l'accesso, raccogliamo anche le informazioni che archiviamo con il tuo account Google e le trattiamo come
informazioni personali
.
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
Durante la creazione di un Account Google, fornisci
informazioni personali
che includono il tuo nome e una password. Puoi anche decidere di aggiungere un
numero di telefono
o
dati di pagamento
al tuo account. Puoi scegliere di fornirci delle informazioni anche se non accedi a un account Google, ad esempio l'indirizzo email per comunicare con Google o ricevere aggiornamenti sui nostri servizi.
Inoltre, raccogliamo i contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi da altri quando utilizzi i nostri servizi. Ciò include ad esempio le email che scrivi e ricevi, le foto e i video che salvi, i documenti e i fogli di lavoro che crei e i commenti che lasci sui video di YouTube.
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
App, browser e dispositivi
Raccogliamo informazioni su app, browser e
dispositivi
che utilizzi per accedere ai servizi Google, che ci aiutano a fornire funzionalità come gli aggiornamenti automatici dei prodotti e l'oscuramento dello schermo quando la batteria è scarica.
Le informazioni che raccogliamo includono
identificatori univoci
, tipo di browser e impostazioni, tipo di dispositivo e impostazioni, sistema operativo, informazioni sulla rete mobile e numero di telefono, nonché il numero di versione dell'applicazione. Raccogliamo anche informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi, inclusi
indirizzo IP
, rapporti sulle interruzioni anomale, attività di sistema e la data, l'ora e l'URL referrer della tua richiesta.
Raccogliamo queste informazioni quando un servizio di Google sul tuo dispositivo contatta i nostri server, ad esempio quando installi un'applicazione dal Play Store o quando un servizio verifica la presenza di aggiornamenti automatici. Se utilizzi un
dispositivo Android con app Google
, il tuo dispositivo contatta periodicamente i server di Google per fornire informazioni sul dispositivo e sulla connessione ai nostri servizi. Tali informazioni includono ad esempio il
tipo di dispositivo, il nome dell'operatore
, i report sugli arresti anomali e le app installate nonché, in base alle impostazioni del dispositivo,
altre informazioni sulla tua modalità di utilizzo del dispositivo Android
.
Le tue attività
Raccogliamo informazioni circa le tue attività nei nostri servizi, che usiamo ad esempio per consigliarti un video di YouTube che potrebbe piacerti. Le informazioni riguardanti le attività possono includere:
Termini che cerchi
Video che guardi
Visualizzazioni e interazioni con contenuti e annunci
Informazioni vocali e audio
Acquisti
Persone con cui comunichi o condividi contenuti
Attività su siti e app di terze parti che utilizzano i nostri servizi
Cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai
sincronizzato con il tuo account Google
Se utilizzi i nostri
servizi per effettuare o ricevere chiamate o mandare e ricevere messaggi
, potremmo raccogliere informazioni sui log relativi alle chiamate e ai messaggi, ad esempio numero di telefono, numero del chiamante, numero del ricevente, numeri di deviazione, indirizzo email del mittente e del destinatario, ora e data delle chiamate e dei messaggi, durata delle chiamate, informazioni sul routing, nonché tipi e volumi di chiamate e messaggi.
Puoi visitare il tuo account Google per trovare e gestire le informazioni sull'attività salvate al suo interno.
Vai all'account Google
Informazioni sulla tua posizione
Raccogliamo dati sulla posizione quando utilizzi i nostri servizi, il che ci aiuta a offrire funzionalità come indicazioni stradali, risultati di ricerca relativi a informazioni locali e annunci basati sulla tua posizione.
A seconda dei prodotti che usi e delle impostazioni che scegli, Google potrebbe usare diversi tipi di dati sulla posizione per contribuire a rendere più utili alcuni servizi e prodotti che usi. Tra cui:
GPS e altri
dati dai sensori del tuo dispositivo
Indirizzo IP
Attività sui servizi Google
, ad esempio in base alle tue ricerche o ai
luoghi che etichetti come casa o lavoro
Informazioni su ciò che si trova nelle vicinanze del tuo dispositivo
, ad esempio sui punti di accesso Wi-Fi e sui ripetitori di segnale dei cellulari, nonché sui dispositivi dotati di Bluetooth
I tipi di dati sulla posizione che raccogliamo e per quanto tempo li archiviamo dipendono dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni account. Ad esempio, puoi
attivare o disattivare la posizione del dispositivo Android
utilizzando l'app Impostazioni del dispositivo. Puoi anche attivare la
Cronologia delle posizioni
se vuoi creare una mappa privata dei tuoi spostamenti con i dispositivi su cui hai eseguito l'accesso. E se l'impostazione Attività web e app è attiva, le tue ricerche e altre attività svolte sui servizi Google, che potrebbero includere anche informazioni sulla posizione, vengono salvate nel tuo Account Google. Ulteriori informazioni su
come usiamo le informazioni sulla posizione
.
In determinate circostanze, Google raccoglie anche informazioni su di te da
fonti accessibili pubblicamente
. Ad esempio, se il tuo nome appare sul giornale locale, il motore di ricerca di Google potrebbe indicizzare quell'articolo e mostrarlo ad altre persone che cercano il tuo nome. Potremmo anche raccogliere informazioni su di te da partner di fiducia, ad esempio servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google, partner di marketing che ci forniscono informazioni sui potenziali clienti dei nostri servizi aziendali e partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per
proteggerci dai comportamenti illeciti
. Inoltre, riceviamo informazioni dai partner al fine di offrire
servizi di ricerca e pubblicità per loro conto
.
Utilizziamo diverse tecnologie per raccogliere e memorizzare informazioni, tra cui
cookie
,
tag di pixel
, archiviazione locale, ad esempio
spazio di archiviazione web del browser
oppure
cache di dati delle applicazioni
, database e
log del server
.
Perché Google raccoglie i dati
Utilizziamo i dati per creare servizi migliori
Utilizziamo i dati raccolti da tutti i nostri servizi per i seguenti scopi:
Fornire i nostri servizi
Utilizziamo le tue informazioni per
fornire i nostri servizi
, ad esempio per elaborare i termini che cerchi al fine di restituire risultati pertinenti o per aiutarti a condividere contenuti suggerendoti destinatari dai tuoi contatti.
Mantenere e migliorare i nostri servizi
Utilizziamo le tue informazioni anche per
assicurarci che i nostri servizi funzionino come previsto
, ad esempio nel caso del monitoraggio delle interruzioni o della risoluzione dei problemi che tu ci segnali. Inoltre utilizziamo tali informazioni per
apportare miglioramenti
ai nostri servizi. Ad esempio, capire quali termini di ricerca contengono errori ortografici più di frequente ci aiuta a migliorare le funzionalità di controllo ortografico nei nostri servizi.
Sviluppare nuovi servizi
Utilizziamo le informazioni raccolte nei servizi esistenti al fine di svilupparne di nuovi. Ad esempio, capire come le persone hanno organizzato le loro fotografie su Picasa, la prima app Google per le fotografie, ci ha aiutato a progettare e lanciare Google Foto.
Offrire servizi personalizzati, inclusi contenuti e annunci
Utilizziamo le informazioni raccolte per creare servizi su misura per te, ad esempio offrendoti consigli, contenuti personalizzati e
risultati di ricerca personalizzati
. Ad esempio,
Controllo sicurezza
offre suggerimenti sulla sicurezza adattati al modo in cui utilizzi i prodotti Google. Inoltre, a seconda delle impostazioni disponibili, Google Play potrebbe utilizzare informazioni come le app che hai già installato e i video che hai guardato su YouTube per suggerire nuove app che potrebbero piacerti.
A seconda delle tue impostazioni, potremmo mostrarti
annunci personalizzati
in base ai tuoi interessi e alla tua attività sui servizi Google. Ad esempio, se cerchi "mountain bike", potresti vedere annunci per attrezzatura sportiva su YouTube. Puoi controllare le informazioni che usiamo per mostrarti annunci visitando le tue Impostazioni annunci in
Il mio centro per gli annunci
.
Non mostriamo annunci personalizzati basati su
categorie sensibili
quali etnia, religione, orientamento sessuale o salute.
Non mostriamo annunci personalizzati basati sui tuoi contenuti di Drive, Gmail o Foto.
Non condividiamo con gli inserzionisti informazioni quali nome o indirizzo email che possano identificarti, a meno che tu ci abbia dato il permesso di farlo. Ad esempio, se vedi un annuncio relativo a un negozio di fiori in zona e selezioni il pulsante "Tocca per chiamare", ti metteremo in contatto con il negozio e potremmo fornire il tuo numero di telefono.
Vai a Il mio centro per gli annunci
Misurare il rendimento
Utilizziamo i dati per le analisi e le misurazioni, al fine di comprendere il modo in cui vengono utilizzati i nostri servizi. Ad esempio, analizziamo i dati sulle tue visite ai nostri siti per ottimizzare la progettazione del prodotto. Inoltre, utilizziamo i dati sugli annunci con cui interagisci, tra cui la tua attività della Ricerca Google correlata, per aiutare gli inserzionisti a capire il rendimento delle loro campagne pubblicitarie. Per fare tutto ciò, impieghiamo una vasta gamma di strumenti, tra cui Google Analytics. Quando visiti siti o usi app che utilizzano Google Analytics, un cliente Google Analytics potrebbe decidere di consentire a Google di
collegare le informazioni
sulle tue attività nel sito che stai visitando o nell'app che stai usando con le attività in altri siti o app che utilizzano i nostri servizi pubblicitari.
Comunicare con te
Utilizziamo le informazioni che raccogliamo, come ad esempio l'indirizzo email, per interagire direttamente con te. Ad esempio, potremmo mandarti una notifica qualora rilevassimo attività sospette, ad esempio un tentativo di accedere al tuo account Google da una posizione insolita. Oppure potremmo informarti circa le modifiche o i miglioramenti imminenti riguardanti i nostri servizi. Se contatti Google, terremo una registrazione della tua richiesta per aiutarti a risolvere eventuali problemi che potrebbero sorgere.
Proteggere Google, i nostri utenti e il pubblico
Utilizziamo le informazioni per migliorare la
sicurezza e l'affidabilità
dei nostri servizi. Ciò include il rilevamento, la prevenzione e la risposta ad attività fraudolente, abusi, rischi per la sicurezza e problemi tecnici che potrebbero danneggiare Google, i nostri utenti o
il pubblico
.
Utilizziamo diverse tecnologie per elaborare le tue informazioni per i fini indicati. Utilizziamo sistemi automatizzati che analizzano i tuoi contenuti per fornirti ad esempio i risultati di ricerca su misura per te, gli annunci personalizzati o altre funzionalità modellate in base a come utilizzi i nostri servizi. Inoltre analizziamo i tuoi contenuti per riuscire a
rilevare i comportamenti illeciti
quali spam, malware e contenuti illegali. Usiamo anche
algoritmi
per individuare eventuali modelli nei dati. Ad esempio, Google Traduttore aiuta le persone a comunicare in più lingue rilevando i modelli del linguaggio comune nelle frasi che gli chiedi di tradurre.
Potremmo
utilizzare le informazioni che raccogliamo
nei nostri servizi e sui tuoi dispositivi per le finalità descritte sopra. Ad esempio, a seconda delle impostazioni disponibili, se guardi video di chitarristi su YouTube, potresti vedere un annuncio di lezioni di chitarra su un sito che usa i nostri prodotti pubblicitari. A seconda delle impostazioni del tuo account,
le tue attività su altri siti e app
potrebbero essere associate alle tue informazioni personali, allo scopo di migliorare i servizi Google e gli annunci pubblicati da Google.
Qualora altri utenti conoscessero già il tuo l'indirizzo email o altre informazioni che ti identificano, potremmo mostrare loro le tue informazioni dell'account Google visibili pubblicamente, ad esempio nome e foto. Ciò aiuta le persone a identificare la provenienza di una tua email, ad esempio.
Richiederemo il tuo consenso prima di utilizzare le tue informazioni per uno scopo non contemplato nelle presenti Norme sulla privacy.
I controlli per la privacy a tua disposizione
Hai possibilità di scelta riguardo alle informazioni che raccogliamo e a come queste vengono utilizzate
La presente sezione descrive i controlli chiave per gestire la tua privacy in tutti i nostri servizi. Puoi visitare anche il
Controllo privacy
, che offre l'opportunità di esaminare e modificare importanti impostazioni sulla privacy. Oltre a questi strumenti, nei nostri prodotti offriamo delle impostazioni di privacy specifiche; trovi ulteriori informazioni nella nostra
Guida alla privacy nei prodotti
.
Vai a Controllo privacy
Gestire, esaminare e aggiornare le tue informazioni
Quando esegui l'accesso, puoi sempre esaminare e aggiornare le informazioni visitando i servizi che utilizzi. Ad esempio, Foto e Drive sono entrambi progettati per aiutarti a gestire specifici tipi di contenuti che hai salvato con Google.
Inoltre, abbiamo creato un luogo in cui puoi esaminare e controllare le informazioni salvate nel tuo account Google. Il tuo
account Google
include:
Controlli per la privacy
Gestione attività
Scegli quali tipi di attività vuoi salvare nel tuo account. Ad esempio, se hai attivato la Cronologia di YouTube, i video che guardi e le ricerche che esegui vengono salvati nel tuo account affinché tu possa ricevere consigli migliori e ricordare il punto in cui avevi interrotto. Se l'impostazione Attività web e app è attiva, le ricerche e le attività che svolgi da altri servizi Google vengono salvate nel tuo account affinché tu possa avere esperienze più personalizzate, ad esempio ricerche più rapide e consigli di app e contenuti più utili. Attività web e app ha anche un'impostazione secondaria che ti consente di stabilire se le
informazioni sulle tue attività su altri siti, app e dispositivi che usano servizi Google
, ad esempio le app che installi e usi su Android, vengono salvate nel tuo Account Google e usate per migliorare i servizi Google.
Accedi a Gestione attività
Impostazioni annunci
Gestisci le tue preferenze sugli annunci che ti vengono mostrati su Google e su siti e app che
collaborano con Google
per mostrare annunci. Puoi modificare i tuoi interessi, scegliere che le informazioni personali vengano utilizzate per rendere gli annunci più pertinenti e attivare o disattivare alcuni servizi pubblicitari.
Vai a Il mio centro per gli annunci
Informazioni personali
Gestisci le informazioni personali nel tuo Account Google e stabilisci chi può vederle nei servizi Google.
Vai a Informazioni personali
Consigli condivisi
Scegli se visualizzare o meno il nome e la foto accanto alle tue attività, ad esempio recensioni e consigli, che appaiono negli annunci.
Vai alla sezione Consigli condivisi
Siti e app che utilizzano i servizi Google
Gestisci le informazioni che siti web e app che usano i servizi Google, come Google Analytics, potrebbero condividere con Google quando visiti o interagisci con i relativi servizi.
Vai alla pagina Modalità di utilizzo da parte di Google delle informazioni fornite da app o siti che usano i suoi servizi
Modi per esaminare e aggiornare le tue informazioni
Le mie attività
Le mie attività ti consente di esaminare e controllare i dati che vengono salvati nel tuo Account Google quando accedi e usi i servizi Google, come le ricerche che hai fatto o le visite su Google Play. Puoi esaminare i dati per data e argomento, oltre che eliminare le attività (tutte o solo alcune).
Vai a Le mie attività
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Vai a Dashboard
Le tue informazioni personali
Gestisci le tue informazioni di contatto, quali nome, email e numero di telefono.
Vai a Informazioni personali
Quando non hai eseguito l'accesso, puoi gestire le informazioni associate al tuo browser o dispositivo, tra cui:
Personalizzazione delle ricerche svolte senza avere eseguito l'accesso:
scegli
di poter utilizzare o meno le tue attività di ricerca per permetterci di offrirti risultati e consigli più pertinenti.
Impostazioni YouTube: Metti in pausa ed elimina la tua
Cronologia delle ricerche di YouTube
e la tua
Cronologia visualizzazioni di YouTube
.
Impostazioni annunci:
Gestisci
le preferenze relative agli annunci visualizzati su Google e su siti e app che collaborano con Google per mostrare annunci.
Esportare, rimuovere ed eliminare informazioni
Puoi esportare una copia dei contenuti nel tuo account Google se vuoi effettuarne il backup o utilizzarli con un servizio all'esterno di Google.
Esportare i dati
Per eliminare le tue informazioni, puoi:
Eliminare i contenuti da
servizi Google specifici
Cercare e poi eliminare elementi specifici dall'account utilizzando
Le mie attività
Eliminare prodotti Google specifici
, incluse le informazioni associate a tali prodotti
Eliminare l'intero account Google
Eliminare le informazioni
Gestione Account inattivo
ti consente di concedere l'accesso a qualcun altro ad alcune parti del tuo account Google nel caso in cui tu, per motivi inaspettati, non sia in grado di utilizzare il tuo account.
Infine, puoi anche
richiedere la rimozione di contenuti
da servizi Google specifici ai sensi della legge vigente e delle nostre norme.
Esistono altri modi per controllare le informazioni che Google raccoglie a seconda che tu abbia effettuato o meno l'accesso all'account Google, tra cui:
Impostazioni del browser: Ad esempio, puoi configurare il tuo browser in modo che ti avverta quando Google imposta un
cookie
nel browser. Puoi anche configurare il browser in modo tale che quest'ultimo blocchi tutti i cookie da un dominio specifico o da tutti i domini. Ricorda però che i nostri servizi
fanno affidamento sui cookie per funzionare correttamente
, ad esempio per ricordare le tue preferenze di lingua.
Impostazioni a livello di dispositivo: il tuo dispositivo potrebbe disporre di controlli che determinano quali informazioni raccogliamo. Ad esempio, puoi
modificare le impostazioni di geolocalizzazione
sul tuo dispositivo Android.
Condivisione delle informazioni
Quando condividi le informazioni
Molti dei nostri servizi ti consentono di condividere informazioni con altre persone, permettendoti di controllare come ciò avviene. Ad esempio, puoi condividere i tuoi video su YouTube pubblicamente oppure decidere di mantenerli privati. Tieni presente che, quando condividi delle informazioni pubblicamente, i tuoi contenuti potrebbero diventare accessibili tramite i motori di ricerca, incluso Ricerca Google.
Quando esegui l'accesso e interagisci con alcuni dei servizi Google, ad esempio se lasci commenti su un video di YouTube o lasci una recensione su un'app in Play, il tuo nome e la tua foto appariranno accanto alle tue attività. Potremmo inoltre mostrare tali informazioni negli
annunci in base all'impostazione Consigli condivisi
.
Quando Google condivide le tue informazioni
Non condividiamo le tue informazioni personali con società, organizzazioni o individui che non fanno parte di Google, eccetto nei seguenti casi:
Con il consenso dell’utente
Condivideremo informazioni personali al di fuori di Google solo ed esclusivamente con il tuo consenso. Ad esempio, se
utilizzi Google Home per fare una prenotazione
tramite un servizio di prenotazione, chiederemo la tua autorizzazione prima di fornire il tuo nome o numero di telefono al ristorante. Ti forniamo anche controlli per
esaminare e gestire app e siti di terze parti
a cui hai concesso l'accesso ai dati nel tuo Account Google. Chiederemo esplicitamente il tuo consenso prima di condividere
informazioni personali sensibili
.
Ad amministratori di dominio
Se sei uno studente o se lavori per un'organizzazione che utilizza i servizi Google, l'
amministratore di dominio
e i rivenditori che gestiscono il tuo account avranno accesso al tuo Account Google. Questi ultimi potranno essere in grado di:
Accedere alle informazioni memorizzate nel tuo account, ad esempio la tua email, e conservarle
Visualizzare statistiche relative al tuo account, ad esempio quante app installi
Modificare la password dell'account
Sospendere o chiudere l'account
Ricevere informazioni dell'account per rispettare una legge o una norma vigente, un procedimento giudiziario o una richiesta di governo applicabile
Limitare la tua capacità di eliminare o modificare le informazioni o le impostazioni sulla privacy
Per trattamenti esterni
Forniamo informazioni personali alle nostre
società consociate
o ad altre aziende o persone fidate affinché le elaborino per noi in base alle nostre istruzioni e nel rispetto delle nostre Norme sulla privacy e di altre eventuali misure appropriate relative a riservatezza e sicurezza. Ad esempio, usufruiamo di fornitori di servizi affinché ci aiutino a gestire i nostri data center, offrire i nostri prodotti e servizi, migliorare i nostri processi aziendali interni e offrire maggiore assistenza a clienti e utenti. Usufruiamo di fornitori di servizi anche per farci aiutare a esaminare i contenuti dei video di YouTube per garantire la sicurezza pubblica, nonché ad analizzare e ascoltare campioni di audio salvato degli utenti per contribuire a migliorare le tecnologie di riconoscimento audio di Google.
Per motivi legali
Condivideremo informazioni personali al di fuori di Google qualora ritenessimo in buona fede che la divulgazione di tali informazioni sia ragionevolmente necessaria per:
Rispettare le leggi o i regolamenti vigenti,
un procedimento giudiziario o una richiesta del governo obbligatoria
. Condividiamo le informazioni relative al numero e al tipo di richieste che riceviamo da parte dei governi nel nostro
Rapporto sulla trasparenza
.
Applicare i Termini di servizio vigenti, compresi gli accertamenti in merito a potenziali violazioni.
Rilevare, impedire o altrimenti gestire attività fraudolente o problemi relativi alla sicurezza o di natura tecnica.
Tutelare i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza di Google, dei nostri
utenti
o del pubblico.
Potremmo condividere
informazioni non personali
pubblicamente e con i nostri partner, ad esempio publisher, inserzionisti, sviluppatori o detentori di diritti. Ad esempio, condividiamo informazioni pubblicamente per
mostrare le tendenze
relative all'utilizzo generale dei nostri servizi. Inoltre, consentiamo a
partner specifici
di raccogliere informazioni dal tuo browser o dispositivo per finalità pubblicitarie e di valutazione tramite cookie proprietari o tecnologie simili.
Qualora Google dovesse essere coinvolta in una fusione, acquisizione o vendita di risorse, continuerà a garantire la riservatezza delle tue informazioni personali e comunicherà agli utenti interessati il trasferimento delle informazioni o l'applicazione di norme sulla privacy diverse.
Protezione delle informazioni
Creiamo servizi sicuri per proteggere le tue informazioni
Tutti i prodotti Google sono progettati con potenti funzionalità di sicurezza che proteggono continuamente le tue informazioni. Le informazioni che otteniamo dal mantenimento dei nostri servizi ci aiutano a rilevare e bloccare automaticamente le minacce alla sicurezza, affinché gli utenti non siano coinvolti. Qualora dovessimo rilevare qualcosa di rischioso di cui riteniamo sia giusto metterti a conoscenza, ti informeremo e ti aiuteremo attraverso mostrandoti tutti i passaggi per assicurarti che abbia tutta la protezione necessaria.
Ci adoperiamo per proteggere te e Google da accessi non autorizzati alle informazioni in nostro possesso e dall'alterazione, dalla divulgazione e dalla distruzione non autorizzate di tali informazioni. In particolare:
Utilizziamo la crittografia per mantenere privati i tuoi dati durante gli spostamenti.
Offriamo una vasta gamma di funzionalità di sicurezza, ad esempio
Navigazione sicura
, Controllo sicurezza e
Verifica in due passaggi
, per aiutarti a proteggere il tuo account.
Esaminiamo le nostre prassi di raccolta, archiviazione e trattamento delle informazioni, comprese le misure sulla sicurezza fisica, per impedire l'accesso non autorizzato ai sistemi.
Consentiamo l'accesso alle informazioni personali soltanto a dipendenti, terzisti e agenti Google che necessitano di tali informazioni per poterle elaborare. Tutti coloro cui viene concesso tale accesso devono rispettare rigidi obblighi contrattuali in merito alla riservatezza e potrebbero essere soggetti a sanzioni o risoluzione del contratto qualora non rispettassero tali obblighi.
Esportazione ed eliminazione delle informazioni
Puoi esportare una copia delle tue informazioni o eliminarle dal tuo account Google in qualsiasi momento
Puoi esportare una copia dei contenuti nel tuo account Google se vuoi effettuarne il backup o utilizzarli con un servizio all'esterno di Google.
Esportare i dati
Per eliminare le tue informazioni, puoi:
Eliminare i contenuti da
servizi Google specifici
Cercare e poi eliminare elementi specifici dall'account utilizzando
Le mie attività
Eliminare prodotti Google specifici
, incluse le informazioni associate a tali prodotti
Eliminare l'intero account Google
Eliminare le informazioni
Conservazione delle tue informazioni
Conserviamo i dati che raccogliamo per diversi periodi di tempo, in base alla tipologia dei dati, a come li usiamo e a come configuri le tue impostazioni.
Alcuni dati possono essere eliminati quando vuoi, ad esempio le tue
informazioni personali
o i contenuti che crei o carichi tu, come
foto
e
documenti
. Inoltre, puoi eliminare
informazioni sulle attività
salvate nel tuo account o
scegliere la loro eliminazione automatica
dopo un determinato periodo di tempo. Conserveremo questi dati nel tuo Account Google finché non li rimuoverai o non deciderai di farli rimuovere.
Altri dati vengono eliminati o resi anonimi automaticamente dopo un determinato periodo di tempo, come avviene ad esempio per i
dati pubblicitari
nei log dei server.
Conserviamo alcuni dati fino all'eliminazione del tuo Account Google, ad esempio le informazioni sulla tua frequenza di utilizzo dei nostri servizi.
E conserviamo alcuni dati per periodi più lunghi quando necessario per scopi commerciali o quando imposto dalla legge, quali sicurezza, prevenzione di attività fraudolente e illeciti oppure ai fini della tenuta della contabilità.
Quando elimini i dati, seguiamo una procedura che assicura la rimozione sicura e completa dei dati dai nostri server oppure la loro conservazione esclusivamente in forma anonima. Cerchiamo sempre di assicurarci che i nostri servizi proteggano le informazioni da cancellazioni accidentali o dolose. Per questo motivo, potrebbero verificarsi ritardi tra il momento in cui si elimina qualcosa e quello in cui le copie sono effettivamente eliminate dai nostri sistemi attivi e di backup.
Puoi consultare i
periodi di conservazione dei dati
di Google, incluso il tempo necessario per eliminare le tue informazioni.
Conformità e cooperazione con le autorità di regolamentazione
Esaminiamo regolarmente le presenti Norme sulla privacy e ci assicuriamo di elaborare le tue informazioni in modo conforme alle stesse.
Trasferimenti di dati
Gestiamo
server in tutto il mondo
e le tue informazioni potrebbero essere elaborate su server situati al di fuori del paese in cui vivi. Le leggi in materia di protezione dei dati personali variano da paese a paese e alcune prevedono più protezione di altre. Indipendentemente da dove sono elaborate le tue informazioni, noi applichiamo le stesse protezioni descritte nelle presenti norme. Inoltre, rispettiamo alcuni
quadri giuridici
relativi al trasferimento dei dati.
Ove ricevessimo reclami scritti formali, risponderemo contattando le persone che li hanno presentati. Collaboriamo con le autorità di regolamentazione competenti, tra cui le autorità locali per la protezione dei dati, per dirimere eventuali reclami relativi al trasferimento dei tuoi dati personali che non possono essere risolti direttamente con te.
Requisiti europei
Come esercitare i tuoi diritti e contattare Google
Qualora la legge sulla protezione dei dati dell'Unione Europea o del Regno Unito si applichi al trattamento delle tue informazioni, offriremo i
controlli
descritti nelle presenti norme, in modo che tu possa esercitare il diritto di richiedere l'accesso, l'aggiornamento, la
rimozione
e la limitazione del trattamento delle tue informazioni. Inoltre, hai il diritto di opporti al trattamento delle tue informazioni o di esportarle presso un altro servizio.
Per eventuali altre domande o richieste in merito ai tuoi diritti,
puoi contattare Google e il nostro ufficio responsabile della protezione dei dati
. Puoi anche contattare l'autorità locale competente per la protezione dei dati personali nel caso avessi dubbi in merito ai tuoi diritti previsti dalla legge locale.
Titolare del trattamento dei dati
Se non diversamente indicato nell'Informativa sulla privacy di un servizio specifico, il
titolare del trattamento dei dati responsabile delle tue informazioni
dipende dal tuo paese di residenza:
Google Ireland Limited per gli utenti di servizi Google residenti nello Spazio economico europeo o in Svizzera, con sede a Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irlanda.
Google LLC per gli utenti di servizi Google residenti nel Regno Unito, con sede a 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC è il titolare del trattamento dei dati responsabile delle informazioni indicizzate e visualizzate in servizi quali la
Ricerca Google
e Google Maps, a prescindere dal tuo paese. Google Ireland Limited è il titolare del trattamento dei dati responsabile delle informazioni ai fini dell'addestramento dei modelli di IA di Google allo scopo di implementarli nei servizi forniti da Google Ireland Limited nello Spazio economico europeo o in Svizzera.
Basi giuridiche del trattamento
Trattiamo le tue informazioni per gli
scopi
descritti nelle presenti norme, in base alle seguenti basi giuridiche:
Trattiamo i tuoi dati per fornire un servizio che ci hai richiesto sulla base di un contratto.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati per i nostri interessi legittimi e per quelli di
terze parti
, applicando al contempo
misure di protezione appropriate
per proteggere la tua privacy.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati quando necessario per proteggere gli interessi vitali tuoi o di un'altra persona.
Trattiamo i tuoi dati quando abbiamo l'obbligo di legge di farlo.
Chiediamo il tuo consenso per trattare i tuoi dati per finalità specifiche e hai il diritto di revocarlo in qualsiasi momento.
La tua modalità di utilizzo dei servizi Google e le impostazioni della privacy determineranno quali dati vengono trattati, le finalità per cui sono trattati e le basi giuridiche per il trattamento dei dati. Nella tabella di seguito vengono spiegate in modo più dettagliato tali finalità del trattamento, i tipi di dati trattati e i fondamenti giuridici per il loro trattamento.
Perché e in che modo trattiamo i dati
Quali dati vengono trattati
Fondamenti giuridici
Per fornire servizi, prodotti e funzionalità Google
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Trattiamo i termini che cerchi, con lo scopo di restituire i risultati.
Utilizziamo l'indirizzo IP assegnato al tuo dispositivo per inviare i dati che hai richiesto, ad esempio il caricamento di un video di YouTube.
Usiamo identificatori univoci memorizzati nei cookie sul tuo dispositivo per consentirci di autenticarti in quanto persona che dovrebbe avere accesso all'Account Google.
Le foto e i video che carichi su Google Foto vengono usati per aiutarti a creare album, collage e altre creazioni che puoi condividere.
Quando acquisti servizi o beni fisici da noi, utilizziamo l'indirizzo di spedizione o le istruzioni di consegna per aspetti quali l'elaborazione, l'evasione e la consegna dell'ordine, nonché per fornire assistenza in relazione al prodotto o al servizio che acquisti.
Trattiamo i dati di pagamento quando acquisti spazio di archiviazione aggiuntivo per Google Drive.
Possiamo utilizzare i dati di contatto (come nomi e indirizzi email) delle persone con cui interagisci nei prodotti Google per farti trovare più facilmente chi stai cercando quando vuoi condividere qualcosa e comunicare con queste persone in altri servizi Google quali Gmail, Foto e l'assistente.
L'email di conferma di un volo che ricevi potrebbe essere usata per creare un pulsante di "check-in" in Gmail.
Google raccoglie informazioni su di te anche da fonti accessibili pubblicamente. Ad esempio, se il tuo nome appare sul giornale locale, il motore di ricerca di Google potrebbe indicizzare quell'articolo e mostrarlo ad altre persone che cercano il tuo nome. Oppure, se le informazioni della tua attività vengono visualizzate su un sito web, potremmo indicizzarle e visualizzarle sui servizi Google.
Possiamo aiutarti a condividere la tua posizione utilizzando la
Condivisione della posizione Google
, in modo che altri utenti possano trovarti su una mappa o conoscere il tuo orario di arrivo previsto.
Come descritto nella sezione
Condivisione delle informazioni
, condivideremo informazioni personali al di fuori di Google solo ed esclusivamente con il tuo consenso e ti forniamo controlli per
esaminare e gestire app e siti di terze parti
a cui hai concesso l'accesso ai dati nel tuo Account Google.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Per
eseguire un contratto
con te, ad esempio caricando un video di YouTube o effettuando l'elaborazione, l'evasione e la consegna dell'ordine quando acquisti servizi o beni fisici da noi.
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Fornire, gestire e migliorare i servizi per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri utenti
. Ad esempio, l'utilizzo di dati di contatto (come nomi e indirizzi email) delle persone con cui interagisci nei prodotti Google per farti trovare più facilmente chi stai cercando quando vuoi condividere qualcosa e comunicare con queste persone in altri servizi Google quali Gmail, Foto e l'assistente.
Con il tuo
consenso
, ad esempio quando scegli di condividere la tua posizione con Condivisione della posizione Google.
Per gestire e migliorare i servizi, i prodotti e le funzionalità Google
Per mantenere il servizio in modo che funzioni come previsto, ad esempio eseguendo il debug del servizio e monitorando o risolvendo i problemi.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Monitoriamo continuamente i nostri sistemi per individuare i problemi. Se troviamo qualcosa che non va in una funzionalità specifica, esaminare le informazioni relative alle attività raccolte prima dell'insorgenza del problema ci consente di sistemare le cose più velocemente.
Registriamo le interazioni degli utenti con i pulsanti su app quali Google Maps e la Ricerca per aiutarci a capire se funzionano come previsto.
Per apportare miglioramenti ai servizi Google e contribuire a migliorarne la sicurezza e l'affidabilità, ad esempio per rilevare, prevenire e rispondere ad attività fraudolente, abusi, rischi per la sicurezza e problemi tecnici che potrebbero danneggiare il servizio o gli utenti.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Analizziamo i dati delle tue interazioni con i nostri servizi per aiutarci a creare prodotti migliori. Ad esempio, l'analisi può aiutarci a scoprire se le persone impiegano troppo tempo per completare una determinata attività o se hanno difficoltà a concludere tutti i passaggi. In questo modo possiamo riprogettare quella funzionalità e migliorare il prodotto per tutti.
Analizziamo i termini di ricerca che contengono più frequentemente errori ortografici per aiutarci a migliorare le funzionalità di controllo ortografico nei nostri servizi.
Analizziamo l'utilizzo di Google Traduttore per migliorare la qualità delle traduzioni e aumentare la disponibilità di Traduttore in più lingue.
Analizziamo le query su Google Shopping per determinare quali prodotti, commercianti e brand sono pertinenti ai diversi tipi di query.
La funzionalità Navigazione sicura di Google Chrome può inviare informazioni su siti web sospetti tra il browser di un utente e i server di Google per contribuire a proteggere da phishing, malware, annunci dannosi e altro ancora.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Per
eseguire un contratto con te
, ad esempio utilizzando i log delle interazioni con le app Google per garantirne il funzionamento previsto.
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Fornire, gestire e migliorare i servizi per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, analizzare i termini di ricerca che contengono più frequentemente errori ortografici ci aiuta a migliorare le funzionalità di controllo ortografico nei nostri servizi.
Capire come le persone utilizzano i nostri servizi per garantire e migliorare le prestazioni dei servizi stessi.
Ad esempio, analizziamo l'utilizzo di Google Traduttore per migliorare la qualità delle traduzioni e aumentare la disponibilità di Traduttore in più lingue.
Effettuare ricerche che migliorino i nostri servizi per gli utenti e rappresentino un beneficio per il pubblico.
Ad esempio, miglioriamo la qualità delle traduzioni di Google Traduttore e aumentiamo la sua disponibilità in più lingue.
Per sviluppare nuovi prodotti, funzionalità e servizi Google
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Capire come le persone organizzavano le proprie foto in Picasa, la prima app Google per le foto, ci ha aiutato a progettare e lanciare Google Foto.
Comprendere il modo in cui gli utenti visualizzano e i creator generano contenuti nel formato breve ha aiutato Google a sviluppare nuovi servizi di YouTube.
A seconda delle tue impostazioni, possiamo salvare le registrazioni audio delle interazioni vocali con servizi come la Ricerca Google, l'assistente, Maps e Gboard per sviluppare e migliorare le tecnologie audio di Google.
Utilizziamo informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche per contribuire all'addestramento di nuovi modelli di machine learning e alla creazione delle tecnologie di base su cui si fondano vari prodotti Google, come Google Traduttore, le app Gemini e le funzionalità dell'IA di Cloud.
Utilizziamo le tue interazioni con modelli e tecnologie di IA come le app Gemini per sviluppare, addestrare, perfezionare e migliorare questi modelli per gestire meglio le tue richieste e aggiornare i relativi classificatori e filtri, anche per finalità di sicurezza, comprensione del linguaggio e oggettività.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Sviluppare nuovi prodotti e funzionalità che siano utili per i nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, capire come le persone hanno utilizzato le foto su Picasa, la prima app Google per le foto, ci ha aiutato a progettare e lanciare Google Foto. Oppure utilizzare informazioni pubblicamente disponibili online o di altre fonti pubbliche per contribuire all'addestramento dei modelli di IA di Google e alla creazione di prodotti e funzionalità che usano queste tecnologie di base, quali Google Traduttore, le app Gemini e le funzionalità dell'IA di Cloud.
Fornire, gestire e migliorare i servizi per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, utilizzare le informazioni sulle tue attività nei nostri servizi, come le interazioni con le app Gemini, per addestrare e migliorare i modelli di machine learning e aggiornare le relative capacità di comprensione del linguaggio nonché i relativi classificatori e filtri di sicurezza.
Con il tuo
consenso
, ad esempio salvare registrazioni audio delle interazioni vocali con la Ricerca Google, l'assistente, Maps e Gboard per sviluppare e migliorare le tecnologie audio di Google.
Per offrire servizi personalizzati, inclusi contenuti e annunci
Per creare servizi su misura per te, ad esempio offrendoti consigli, contenuti personalizzati e risultati di ricerca personalizzati.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
La funzionalità Controllo sicurezza di Google offre suggerimenti sulla sicurezza adattati al modo in cui utilizzi i prodotti Google.
Google News potrebbe darti risultati di notizie locali in base alla tua posizione approssimativa.
La Ricerca Google potrebbe darti risultati basati sulla tua posizione approssimativa.
L'Assistente Google può usare i tuoi contatti per inviare un messaggio su tua richiesta, ad esempio "Invia un messaggio a Mario Rossi".
Google Play utilizza informazioni come le app che hai già installato e i video che hai guardato su YouTube per suggerire nuove app che potrebbero piacerti.
Potremmo mostrare un doodle di Google nella home page della Ricerca per celebrare un evento specifico per il tuo paese.
Google può mostrarti annunci basati sul contesto del sito che stai visitando, ad esempio annunci su attrezzature per il giardinaggio in una pagina di suggerimenti per il giardinaggio.
Se hai eseguito l'accesso al tuo Account Google e hai attivato l'impostazione Attività web e app, puoi ricevere risultati di ricerca più pertinenti basati sulle tue ricerche e attività precedenti in altri servizi Google.
A seconda delle tue impostazioni, per mostrarti annunci personalizzati in base ai tuoi interessi.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Se cerchi "mountain bike" o guardi video di mountain bike, potresti vedere un annuncio di attrezzature sportive nei risultati di ricerca o su YouTube.
Se guardi video relativi alla pasticceria su YouTube, potresti trovare altri annunci relativi a tale argomento durante la navigazione sul web.
Potresti vedere annunci personalizzati in base alle informazioni dell'inserzionista. Se hai acquistato sul sito di un inserzionista, ad esempio, questo potrebbe usare l'informazione relativa alla tua visita per mostrarti annunci.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Per
eseguire un contratto
con te, ad esempio quando l'Assistente Google usa i tuoi contatti per inviare un messaggio su tua richiesta, come "Invia un messaggio a Mario Rossi".
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Personalizzare i nostri servizi per offrirti un'esperienza utente migliore.
Ad esempio, mostrare un doodle di Google nella home page della Ricerca per celebrare un evento specifico per il tuo paese, fornire suggerimenti sulla sicurezza adattati al modo in cui utilizzi i prodotti Google o personalizzare l'esperienza affinché sia adatta all'età, se pertinente.
Mostrare pubblicità, che ci consente di offrire molti dei nostri servizi senza costi.
Ad esempio, mostrarti annunci basati sul contesto del sito che stai visitando, come annunci su attrezzature per il giardinaggio in una pagina di suggerimenti per il giardinaggio. Quando gli annunci sono personalizzati, ti chiediamo il consenso.
Con il tuo
consenso
, ad esempio consigliare app su Google Play in base ai video che hai guardato su YouTube o mostrarti annunci personalizzati in base ai tuoi interessi, come annunci relativi alla pasticceria mentre navighi sul web dopo aver guardato video relativi a questo argomento su YouTube.
Per misurare il rendimento. Utilizziamo i dati per le analisi e le misurazioni, al fine di comprendere il modo in cui vengono utilizzati i nostri servizi.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Analizziamo i dati sulle tue visite ai nostri siti per ottimizzare la progettazione del prodotto.
Utilizziamo i dati sugli annunci con cui interagisci per aiutare gli inserzionisti a capire il rendimento delle loro campagne pubblicitarie.
Utilizziamo i dati relativi ai luoghi su cui gli utenti fanno più clic su Google Earth per capire quali sono le funzionalità più utilizzate e per identificare i bug.
La Ricerca Google misura il numero di volte in cui è stata effettuata una determinata query e in che modo gli utenti percepiscono la qualità dei risultati di ricerca al fine di rendere più utile la Ricerca.
Google Traduttore analizza i dati relativi al numero di traduzioni effettuate e al numero di volte in cui una traduzione viene contrassegnata come di scarsa qualità per identificare potenziali nuove funzionalità e risolvere i problemi riscontrati dagli utenti nel servizio.
Potremmo condividere informazioni che non consentono l'identificazione personale con i nostri partner, ad esempio con i concessori di licenze per i contenuti concomitantemente ai pagamenti delle royalty.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Capire come le persone utilizzano i nostri servizi per garantire e migliorare le prestazioni dei servizi stessi.
Ad esempio, analizziamo l'utilizzo di Google Traduttore per migliorare la qualità delle traduzioni e aumentare la disponibilità di Traduttore in più lingue.
Rilevare, prevenire o altrimenti gestire attività fraudolente, abusi o problemi relativi alla sicurezza o di natura tecnica relativi ai nostri servizi.
Ad esempio, monitorare i pattern di utilizzo su Google Earth per identificare i bug.
Fornire, gestire e migliorare i servizi per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, analizzare il numero di volte in cui una traduzione viene contrassegnata come di scarsa qualità su Google Traduttore per risolvere i problemi riscontrati dagli utenti nel servizio.
Sviluppare nuovi prodotti e funzionalità che siano utili per i nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, analizzare i dati relativi al numero di traduzioni effettuate su Google Traduttore per identificare potenziali nuove funzionalità.
Rispettare le obbligazioni nei confronti dei nostri partner, ad esempio sviluppatori e detentori di diritti.
Ad esempio, fornire report ai concessori di licenze per i contenuti concomitantemente ai pagamenti delle royalty.
Per comunicare con te. Utilizziamo le informazioni che raccogliamo, come ad esempio l'indirizzo email, per interagire direttamente con te.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Potremmo mandarti una notifica qualora rilevassimo attività sospette, ad esempio un tentativo di accedere al tuo Account Google da una posizione insolita.
Potremmo informarti circa le modifiche o i miglioramenti imminenti riguardanti i nostri servizi.
Se contatti Google, terremo una registrazione della tua richiesta per aiutarti a risolvere eventuali problemi che potrebbero sorgere.
In base alle tue impostazioni, servizi Google come Foto potrebbero inviarti comunicazioni di marketing relative alle offerte del prodotto, ad esempio promozioni di stampa.
Servizi Google come YouTube Premium e YouTube Music Premium potrebbero informarti di imminenti modifiche al tuo abbonamento.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Per
eseguire un contratto
con te, ad esempio quando contatti Google per ricevere assistenza o ti registri per ricevere comunicazioni relative ad aggiornamenti sui prodotti.
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Fornire, gestire e migliorare i servizi per soddisfare le esigenze dei nostri utenti.
Ad esempio, darti informazioni sui nostri servizi, come comunicarti imminenti modifiche o miglioramenti ai servizi.
Fare uso del marketing per informare gli utenti dei nostri servizi.
Ad esempio, inviare agli utenti di Foto un'email relativa a una promozione di stampa.
Per proteggere Google, i nostri utenti e il pubblico
Per contribuire a migliorare la sicurezza e l'affidabilità dei nostri servizi, tra cui rilevando, prevenendo e rispondendo ad attività fraudolente, abusi o problemi relativi alla sicurezza o di natura tecnica che potrebbero danneggiare Google, i nostri utenti o il pubblico.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Raccogliamo e analizziamo indirizzi IP e dati dei cookie per proteggere da comportamenti illeciti automatizzati. Tali comportamenti illeciti assumono varie forme, tra cui l'invio di spam agli utenti di Gmail, la truffa legata ai clic sugli annunci che permette di sottrarre denaro agli inserzionisti oppure la censura dei contenuti mediante un attacco Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS).
La funzione "Ultima attività dell'account" in Gmail può aiutarti a capire se e quando qualcuno ha avuto accesso alle tue email a tua insaputa. Tale funzione mostra le informazioni sulle attività recenti in Gmail, ad esempio gli indirizzi IP da cui sono stati visualizzati i tuoi messaggi, la relativa posizione e la data e l'ora dell'accesso.
Analizziamo i tuoi contenuti per riuscire a
rilevare i comportamenti illeciti
quali spam, malware e contenuti illegali.
Trattiamo le informazioni sulle richieste di rimozione di contenuti dai nostri servizi ai sensi delle norme di Google relative alla rimozione di contenuti o della legge vigente per valutare la richiesta, nonché per garantire trasparenza, migliorare la responsabilizzazione ed evitare abusi e attività fraudolente in queste pratiche.
Per rispettare le leggi o norme vigenti, procedimenti giudiziari o richieste governative di natura esecutiva.
Esempi di attività di trattamento:
Come altre società tecnologiche e di comunicazioni, Google riceve regolarmente richieste da parte di governi e tribunali di tutto il mondo relative alla divulgazione dei dati utente. Il rispetto per la privacy e la sicurezza dei dati che memorizzi con Google conferma il nostro approccio volto al rispetto di queste richieste legali. Il nostro team legale esamina ogni singola richiesta, a prescindere dal tipo, e spesso le respinge se sembrano essere eccessivamente generiche o se non rispettano la procedura corretta.
A volte gli obblighi di legge ci impongono di conservare alcune informazioni per finalità quali la tenuta della contabilità. Sono incluse, ad esempio, informazioni su un pagamento che hai effettuato a Google a fini fiscali o contabili.
Varie leggi e normative ci impongono di mettere in atto misure per verificare che i nostri utenti abbiano l'età minima richiesta per poter utilizzare i nostri servizi. Per riuscire a stabilire la tua età, trattiamo la data di nascita da te indicata. Trattiamo anche informazioni sulle attività che svolgi nei nostri servizi, che tu abbia eseguito l'accesso a un Account Google o meno. Inoltre, utilizziamo la tecnologia di machine learning per stabilire se potresti avere più di 18 anni. In alcuni casi, se non riusciamo a verificare che tu abbia l'età minima richiesta per poter utilizzare i nostri servizi con altri mezzi, possiamo richiedere altre informazioni per la verifica dell'età, ad esempio un documento di identità ufficiale, una carta di credito, una tua foto o il tuo numero di telefono.
Le informazioni elaborate dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Contenuti creati da te o che ci fornisci
:
Contenuti che crei, carichi o ricevi (ad esempio foto, video, email, documenti e fogli di lavoro).
Google Dashboard
ti consente di gestire le informazioni associate a prodotti specifici.
Informazioni personali che fornisci quando crei un Account Google (ad esempio
nome
e password,
numero di telefono
, data di nascita o
dati di pagamento
).
Dati che raccogliamo quando usi i nostri servizi
:
Informazioni relative ad app, browser e dispositivi
, ad esempio
identificatori univoci
associati al browser, all'applicazione o al dispositivo che usi, e informazioni sull'interazione di app, browser e dispositivi con i nostri servizi (ad esempio indirizzo IP, report sugli arresti anomali e attività di sistema).
Informazioni relative alle tue attività nei nostri servizi
, ad esempio i termini di ricerca, la cronologia di navigazione di Chrome che hai sincronizzato con il tuo Account Google, le visualizzazioni e le interazioni con i contenuti e gli annunci e le attività su siti e app di terze parti che usano i nostri servizi. Puoi esaminare e controllare i dati relativi alle attività memorizzati nel tuo Account Google nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
Dati sulla posizione
, che possono essere determinati tramite GPS, indirizzo IP e altri dati dei sensori sul tuo dispositivo o nelle vicinanze. I dati raccolti dipendono in parte dal tuo dispositivo e dalle impostazioni dell'account.
Informazioni provenienti da fonti accessibili pubblicamente
, come le informazioni disponibili pubblicamente online (ad esempio se il tuo nome compare su un articolo di un giornale locale) o provenienti da altre fonti pubbliche.
Informazioni fornite dai nostri partner di fiducia
, ad esempio i servizi di directory che ci forniscono informazioni sulle attività da visualizzare sui servizi di Google o i partner per la sicurezza che ci forniscono informazioni per la protezione dai comportamenti illeciti.
I fondamenti giuridici per il trattamento di queste informazioni dipendono da come utilizzi i servizi Google e dalle tue impostazioni, ma possono includere quanto segue:
Se necessario per i nostri
interessi legittimi
e per quelli di terze parti, tra cui:
Far valere rivendicazioni legali, inclusa la verifica delle potenziali violazioni dei Termini di servizio vigenti.
Ad esempio, analizzare i contenuti per riuscire a rilevare comportamenti illeciti come spam, malware e contenuti illegali.
Rilevare, prevenire o altrimenti gestire attività fraudolente, abusi o problemi relativi alla sicurezza o di natura tecnica relativi ai nostri servizi.
Ad esempio, raccogliere e analizzare indirizzi IP e dati dei cookie per proteggere da comportamenti illeciti automatizzati.
Tutelare i diritti, la proprietà o la sicurezza di Google, dei nostri utenti o del pubblico, anche comunicando informazioni alle autorità di governo.
Ad esempio, rispondere a procedimenti giudiziari o richieste di governi e tribunali di natura esecutiva che impongono la divulgazione di dati, dopo aver esaminato attentamente ogni richiesta per verificare che sia conforme alle leggi vigenti.
Effettuare ricerche che migliorino i nostri servizi per gli utenti e rappresentino un beneficio per il pubblico.
Ad esempio, trattare le informazioni sulle
richieste di rimozione di contenuti
dai nostri servizi per informare il pubblico, facilitare la ricerca e garantire trasparenza in merito a queste richieste.
Quando necessario per proteggere i tuoi
interessi vitali
o quelli di un'altra persona. Ad esempio, trattare i dati per rilevare e contrastare gli abusi sessuali su minori online.
Quando abbiamo l'
obbligo di legge
di farlo, ad esempio conservare alcune informazioni per finalità quali la tenuta della contabilità oppure trattare e conservare informazioni per contribuire a garantire che gli utenti abbiano l'età minima richiesta per poter utilizzare i nostri servizi.
Collegamento dei servizi Google
Se sei un utente nell'UE, ti offriamo la possibilità di mantenere collegati determinati servizi Google. Scopri di più sui servizi collegati e su come gestire le tue scelte nella pagina
Informazioni sul DMA e i servizi collegati
.
Informazioni sulle presenti norme
Quando si applicano le norme
Le presenti Norme sulla privacy si applicano a tutti i servizi offerti da Google LLC e dalle sue
consociate
, tra cui YouTube, Android e i servizi offerti su siti di terze parti, ad esempio i servizi pubblicitari. Queste Norme sulla privacy non riguardano i servizi che dispongono di norme sulla privacy separate, le quali non incorporano le presenti Norme sulla privacy.
Le presenti norme non riguardano:
Le prassi relative alla gestione delle informazioni di altre società e organizzazioni che pubblicizzano i nostri servizi
I servizi offerti da altre società o individui, tra cui prodotti o siti da loro offerti che potrebbero includere servizi Google a cui si applicano le norme, oppure prodotti o siti che vengono visualizzati nei risultati di ricerca o collegati dai nostri servizi
Modifiche alle presenti norme
Le presenti Norme sulla privacy vengono modificate di tanto in tanto. Ci impegniamo a non limitare i tuoi diritti previsti dalle presenti Norme sulla privacy senza il tuo esplicito consenso. Indichiamo sempre la data in cui sono state pubblicate le ultime modifiche e ti consentiamo di esaminare le
versioni archiviate
. Se le modifiche sono rilevanti, provvederemo a fartelo sapere tramite un avviso più evidente (ad esempio, per alcuni servizi, la notifica via email delle modifiche alle Norme sulla privacy).
Norme di tutela della privacy correlate
Servizi Google specifici
Le seguenti informative sulla privacy forniscono ulteriori informazioni su alcuni servizi Google:
Payments
Fiber
App Gemini
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Account Google gestiti con Family Link per minori di 13 anni (o dell'età minima richiesta nel tuo paese)
Family Link - Guida alla privacy per bambini e adolescenti
Raccolta di dati vocali e audio dalle funzionalità per bambini sull'Assistente Google
Se fai parte di un'organizzazione che usa Google Workspace o Google Cloud Platform, leggi
l'Informativa sulla privacy di Google Cloud
per scoprire in che modo questi servizi raccolgono e usano le tue informazioni personali.
Altre risorse utili
I seguenti link evidenziano alcune risorse utili per scoprire di più sulle nostre prassi e impostazioni sulla privacy.
Il tuo account Google
contiene molte delle impostazioni che puoi utilizzare per gestire il tuo account
Controllo privacy
ti guida attraverso le principali impostazioni sulla privacy del tuo account Google
Nel
Centro sicurezza di Google
puoi trovare ulteriori informazioni su sicurezza, controlli per la privacy e strumenti integrati che aiutano a stabilire le regole di base per la vita online della tua famiglia.
La
Guida alla privacy per gli adolescenti di Google
dà risposte ad alcune delle domande più frequenti che ci vengono fatte in merito alla privacy
Privacy e Termini
fornisce maggiore contesto riguardo alle presenti Norme sulla privacy e ai nostri Termini di servizio
La sezione
Tecnologie
include ulteriori informazioni su:
In che modo Google utilizza i cookie
Le tecnologie usate per la
pubblicità
Modalità di utilizzo da parte di Google delle informazioni fornite da app o siti che usano i suoi servizi
Termini chiave
Account Google
Per accedere ad alcuni nostri servizi, puoi creare un
account Google
e fornirci alcune informazioni personali (in genere nome, indirizzo email e password). Queste informazioni sull'account ci servono per verificare la tua identità quando accedi ai servizi Google e per impedire che altri accedano al tuo account senza autorizzazione. Puoi modificare o eliminare il tuo account in qualsiasi momento utilizzando le impostazioni dell'account Google.
Affiliata
Una società consociata è una persona giuridica appartenente al gruppo di società Google, tra cui le seguenti società che forniscono servizi per i consumatori nell'UE: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp e Google Dialer Inc. Ulteriori informazioni sulle
società che forniscono servizi per aziende nell'UE
.
Algoritmo
Un processo o un insieme di regole seguito da un computer nell'esecuzione di operazioni per la risoluzione dei problemi.
Cache di dati delle applicazioni
Una cache di dati delle applicazioni è un repository di dati su un dispositivo. Può consentire, ad esempio, l'esecuzione di un'applicazione web senza connessione Internet e può migliorare il rendimento dell'applicazione consentendo il caricamento più rapido dei contenuti.
Cookie
Un cookie è un piccolo file contenente una stringa di caratteri che viene inviato al tuo computer quando visiti un sito web. Quando torni a visitarlo, il sito riconosce il tuo browser grazie al cookie. I cookie possono memorizzare le preferenze dell'utente e altre informazioni. Puoi configurare il browser in modo da rifiutare tutti i cookie o da avvertire quando ne viene inviato uno. Tuttavia, senza cookie alcuni servizi o caratteristiche dei siti web potrebbero non funzionare correttamente. Leggi ulteriori informazioni su
come Google utilizza i cookie
e i dati, cookie compresi,
quando utilizzi siti o app dei nostri partner
.
Dati non personali
Sono informazioni che riguardano gli utenti registrate in modo tale da non riflettere o fare riferimento a un utente personalmente identificabile.
Dati personali
Sono le informazioni che tu ci fornisci e che ti identificano personalmente, come nome, indirizzo email o dati di fatturazione, oppure altri dati che Google può ragionevolmente ricondurre a queste informazioni, come i dati associati al tuo account Google.
Dati personali sensibili
Si tratta di una particolare categoria di informazioni personali relative ad argomenti quali dati medici riservati, etnia o origini etniche, orientamento politico, credo religioso o orientamento sessuale.
Dispositivo
Un dispositivo è un computer che è possibile utilizzare per accedere ai servizi Google. Ad esempio, computer desktop, tablet, smartphone e altoparlanti smart sono tutti considerati dispositivi.
Identificatori univoci
Un identificatore univoco è una stringa di caratteri utilizzabile per identificare un browser, un'app o un dispositivo in modo univoco. Gli identificatori possono essere definitivi o meno e variano in base alla possibilità per l'utente di reimpostarli ed in base a come è possibile accedervi.
Gli identificatori univoci possono essere utilizzati per varie finalità, ad esempio a scopo di sicurezza e per rilevare attività fraudolente, sincronizzare servizi come la posta in arrivo, ricordare le tue preferenze e fornire annunci personalizzati. Con gli identificatori univoci memorizzati nei cookie, i siti possono ad esempio visualizzare i contenuti nel browser nella tua lingua preferita. Puoi configurare il browser in modo da rifiutare tutti i cookie o da avvertire quando ne viene inviato uno. Ulteriori informazioni su
come Google utilizza i cookie
.
Su altre piattaforme oltre ai browser, gli identificatori univoci servono a riconoscere un dispositivo specifico o un'app al suo interno. Ad esempio, un identificatore univoco come l'ID pubblicitario serve a pubblicare annunci pertinenti sui dispositivi Android e può essere
gestito
dalle impostazioni del dispositivo. Gli identificatori univoci possono anche essere incorporati in un dispositivo dal produttore (prendendo il nome di ID univoco universale o UUID), come il codice IMEI dei telefoni cellulari. Ad esempio, l'identificatore univoco di un dispositivo può essere utilizzato per personalizzare il servizio da noi offerto al dispositivo o per analizzare i problemi del dispositivo relativi ai nostri servizi.
Indirizzo IP
A ogni dispositivo connesso a internet viene assegnato un numero noto come indirizzo IP (Internet Protocol). Questi numeri vengono generalmente assegnati a blocchi geografici. Spesso, un indirizzo IP può essere utilizzato per identificare la località da cui un dispositivo si connette a internet. Scopri di più su
come usiamo i dati sulla posizione
.
Log del server
Come gran parte dei siti web, i nostri server registrano automaticamente le pagine richieste quando un utente visita i nostri siti. Questi «log del server» normalmente includono la tua richiesta web, il tuo indirizzo IP, il tuo tipo di browser, la lingua del browser, la data e l’ora della tua richiesta e uno o più cookie che possono identificare il tuo browser in modo univoco.
Una voce di log relativa alla ricerca del termine "auto" si presenta tipicamente come segue:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
è l'indirizzo IP assegnato all'utente dal suo ISP. In base al servizio dell'utente, il fornitore di servizi può assegnargli un indirizzo diverso ogni volta che si connette a Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
sono la data e l'ora della query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
è l'URL richiesto, che include la query di ricerca.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
sono il browser e il sistema operativo utilizzati dall'utente.
740674ce2123a969
è l'ID univoco del cookie assegnato a questo computer la prima volta che ha visitato Google. I cookie possono essere eliminati dagli utenti; se dall'ultima visita a Google l'utente ha eliminato il cookie dal computer, si tratterà dell'ID cookie univoco assegnato al dispositivo al momento della visita successiva a Google.
Pixel tag
Il tag di pixel è un tipo di tecnologia impiegata in un sito web o nel corpo di un'email allo scopo di tracciare determinate attività, come le visualizzazioni di un sito web o l'apertura di un'email. I tag di pixel sono spesso utilizzati insieme ai cookie.
Spazio di archiviazione web del browser
Lo spazio di archiviazione web del browser consente ai siti web di memorizzare dati in un browser su un dispositivo. Se utilizzato in modalità di "archiviazione locale", consente la memorizzazione dei dati tra sessioni. Ciò consente di recuperare i dati anche dopo aver chiuso e riaperto il browser. Una tecnologia che facilita l'archiviazione web è HTML 5.
URL referrer
Un URL (Uniform Resource Locator) referrer consiste in informazioni trasmesse a una pagina web di destinazione da un browser web, generalmente quando viene fatto clic su un collegamento a quella pagina. L'URL referrer contiene l'URL dell'ultima pagina web visitata tramite il browser.
Contesto aggiuntivo
annunci che potresti ritenere più utili
Ad esempio, se guardi video relativi alla pasticceria su YouTube, potresti trovare altri annunci relativi a tale argomento durante la navigazione sul Web. Potremmo usare anche il tuo indirizzo IP per stabilire la tua posizione approssimativa, in modo da mostrarti annunci relativi a un servizio di consegna di pizze a domicilio nelle vicinanze se, ad esempio, cerchi "pizza". Leggi ulteriori informazioni sugli
annunci Google
e sui
motivi per cui potresti vedere determinati annunci
.
annunci personalizzati
Potresti vedere annunci personalizzati in base alle informazioni dell'inserzionista. Se hai acquistato sul sito di un inserzionista, ad esempio, questo potrebbe usare l'informazione relativa alla tua visita per mostrarti annunci.
Ulteriori informazioni
apportare miglioramenti
Ad esempio, utilizziamo i cookie per analizzare il modo in cui le persone interagiscono con i nostri servizi. Tale analisi ci aiuta a sviluppare prodotti migliori. Ad esempio, ci aiuta a scoprire se le persone impiegano troppo tempo per completare una determinata attività o se hanno difficoltà a concludere tutti i passaggi. In questo modo possiamo riprogettare quella funzionalità e migliorare il prodotto per tutti.
assicurare e migliorare
Ad esempio, analizziamo come le persone interagiscono con la pubblicità per migliorare il rendimento dei nostri annunci.
assicurarsi che i nostri servizi funzionino come previsto
Ad esempio, monitoriamo continuamente i nostri sistemi per individuare i problemi. Se troviamo qualcosa che non va in una funzionalità specifica, la revisione delle informazioni sull'attività raccolte prima dell'insorgenza del problema ci consente di sistemare le cose più velocemente.
attività su altri siti e app
Tale attività potrebbe derivare dall'utilizzo di servizi Google quali la sincronizzazione del tuo account con Chrome o le visite ai siti e alle app partner di Google. Molti siti web e app collaborano con Google per migliorare i propri contenuti e servizi. Ad esempio, un sito web potrebbe utilizzare i nostri servizi pubblicitari (come AdSense) o strumenti di analisi (come Google Analytics), oppure potrebbe incorporare altri contenuti (come i video da YouTube). Questi servizi potrebbero condividere con Google informazioni sull'attività e, a seconda delle
impostazioni dell'account
e dei prodotti utilizzati, tali dati potrebbero essere associati alle tue informazioni personali (ad esempio, se un partner utilizza Google Analytics in combinazione con i nostri servizi pubblicitari).
Ulteriori informazioni
sul modo in cui Google utilizza i dati quando l'utente utilizza i siti o le app partner.
attività su siti e app di terze parti che utilizzano i nostri servizi
I siti web e le app che integrano i servizi Google, come annunci e dati e analisi, condividono informazioni con noi.
Queste informazioni vengono raccolte indipendentemente dal browser o dalla modalità di navigazione utilizzati. Ad esempio, anche se la modalità di navigazione in incognito di Chrome può aiutarti a mantenere privata la navigazione per altre persone che utilizzano il tuo dispositivo, le app e i siti di terze parti che integrano i nostri servizi potrebbero comunque condividere informazioni con Google quando li visiti.
Puoi
scoprire di più
su alcuni modi per controllare le informazioni condivise quando visiti o interagisci con siti e app che utilizzano i servizi Google.
Attività sui servizi Google
Se hai eseguito l'accesso al tuo Account Google e hai attivato l'impostazione Attività web e app, i dati delle tue attività su siti, app e servizi Google potrebbero essere salvati nell'Attività web e app del tuo account. I dati delle attività potrebbero includere informazioni sull'area generale in cui ti trovavi quando hai utilizzato il servizio Google. Quando esegui una ricerca usando un'area generale, per la ricerca viene usata un'area di almeno 3 km² oppure la ricerca viene ampliata finché l'area non racchiude le località di almeno 1000 persone. Questo contribuisce a proteggere la tua privacy.
In alcuni casi, potrebbero essere usate le aree da cui hai eseguito ricerche in passato per stimare una posizione pertinente per la ricerca. Ad esempio, se cerchi bar a Bologna, Google potrebbe mostrare risultati relativi a questa città nelle ricerche future.
Puoi visualizzare e controllare l'Attività web e app nella pagina
Le mie attività
.
categorie sensibili
Quando mostriamo annunci personalizzati, utilizziamo argomenti che pensiamo possano interessarti, basandoci sulla tua attività. Ad esempio, potresti vedere annunci relativi a "Cucina e ricette" o "Viaggi in aereo". Non usiamo argomenti o mostriamo annunci personalizzati basati su categorie sensibili come etnia, religione, orientamento sessuale e salute e
chiediamo agli inserzionisti che usano i nostri servizi di fare lo stesso
.
collaborare con Google
Esistono oltre 2 milioni di siti web e app di terze parti che collaborano con Google per la pubblicazione di annunci.
Ulteriori informazioni
collegare le informazioni
Google Analytics fa affidamento sui cookie originali; ciò significa che i cookie vengono impostati dal cliente di Google Analytics. Utilizzando i nostri sistemi, i dati generati mediante Google Analytics possono essere collegati dal cliente di Google Analytics e da Google a cookie di terze parti relativi alle visite ad altri siti web. Ad esempio, un inserzionista potrebbe voler utilizzare i propri dati di Google Analytics per creare annunci più pertinenti o per analizzare ulteriormente il traffico.
Ulteriori informazioni
Dati dai sensori del tuo dispositivo
Il tuo dispositivo potrebbe avere sensori che possono essere utilizzati per determinare meglio la tua posizione e i tuoi spostamenti. Ad esempio, un accelerometro può essere usato per determinare la velocità e un giroscopio per stabilire la direzione di uno spostamento. Scopri di più su
come usiamo i dati sulla posizione
.
dati di pagamento
Ad esempio, se aggiungi una carta di credito o un altro metodo di pagamento al tuo account Google, puoi usarlo per effettuare acquisti su tutti i nostri servizi, come le app nel Play Store. Potremmo anche chiedere altre informazioni, come la partita IVA dell'azienda, per facilitare l'elaborazione del pagamento. In alcuni casi potremmo anche aver bisogno di verificare la tua identità e potremmo chiederti alcune informazioni a tale scopo.
Potremmo anche utilizzare i dati di pagamento per verificare che soddisfi i requisiti di età se, ad esempio, inserisci una data di nascita errata da cui risulta che non hai l'età giusta per poter avere un account Google.
Ulteriori informazioni
dispositivi
Ad esempio, possiamo utilizzare le informazioni presenti sui tuoi dispositivi per aiutarti a decidere su quale dispositivo installare un'app o guardare un film che hai acquistato su Google Play. Utilizziamo queste informazioni anche per proteggere il tuo account.
dispositivo Android con app Google
I dispositivi Android con app Google comprendono tutti quei dispositivi venduti da Google o da uno dei nostri partner, come telefoni, fotocamere, veicoli, dispositivi indossabili e televisioni. Tali dispositivi utilizzano Google Play Services e altre app pre-installate che includono servizi come Gmail, Maps, la fotocamera e il tastierino del telefono, la funzione di sintesi vocale, l'input della tastiera e le funzionalità di sicurezza. Ulteriori informazioni su
Google Play Services
.
fare affidamento sui cookie per un corretto funzionamento
Ad esempio, utilizziamo un cookie chiamato "lbcs" che ti consente di aprire molti documenti di Documenti Google in un unico browser. Il blocco di questo cookie potrebbe compromettere il funzionamento previsto di Documenti Google.
Ulteriori informazioni
fonti accessibili pubblicamente
Ad esempio, potremmo raccogliere informazioni pubblicamente disponibili online o da altre fonti pubbliche per contribuire all'addestramento dei modelli di AI di Google e alla creazione di prodotti e funzionalità quali Google Traduttore, le app Gemini e funzionalità AI Cloud. Oppure, se le informazioni della tua attività vengono visualizzate su un sito web, potremmo indicizzarle e visualizzarle sui servizi Google.
fornire i nostri servizi
Esempi di come utilizziamo le tue informazioni per fornire i nostri servizi includono:
Utilizziamo l'indirizzo IP assegnato al tuo dispositivo per inviare i dati che hai richiesto, ad esempio il caricamento di un video di YouTube
Usiamo identificatori univoci memorizzati nei cookie sul tuo dispositivo per consentirti di autenticarti come la persona che può ottenere accesso all'account Google
Le foto e i video che carichi su Google Foto vengono usati per aiutarti a creare album, collage e altre creazioni che puoi condividere.
Ulteriori informazioni
L'email di conferma di un volo potrebbe essere usata per creare un pulsante di "check-in" in Gmail
Quando acquisti da noi servizi o beni fisici, potresti fornirci informazioni quali l'indirizzo di spedizione o istruzioni per la consegna. Usiamo tali informazioni per, ad esempio, elaborare, evadere e consegnare l'ordine, nonché per fornire assistenza in merito al prodotto o al servizio acquistati.
il pubblico
Ad esempio, trattiamo le informazioni sulle
richieste di rimozione di contenuti
dai nostri servizi ai sensi delle norme di Google relative alla rimozione di contenuti o della legge vigente per valutare la richiesta, nonché per garantire trasparenza, migliorare la responsabilizzazione ed evitare abusi e attività fraudolente in queste pratiche.
informazioni simili correlate alla tua salute fisica o mentale
Se utilizzi i prodotti e le app per il fitness che offriamo, come Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest o Google Fit, raccogliamo i dati che ci fornisci, ad esempio l'altezza e il peso. Raccogliamo anche informazioni da queste app e dispositivi, ad esempio l'andamento del sonno, la frequenza cardiaca, la temperatura cutanea, le calorie bruciate e i passi effettuati.
informazioni su ciò che si trova nelle vicinanze del tuo dispositivo
Se usufruisci dei servizi di geolocalizzazione su Android, possiamo migliorare il rendimento delle app che fanno affidamento sulla tua posizione, come Google Maps. Se utilizzi i servizi di geolocalizzazione di Google, il dispositivo invia informazioni a Google sulla sua posizione, sui sensori (ad esempio l'accelerometro) e sui ripetitori di segnale e i punti di accesso Wi-Fi nelle vicinanze (come l'indirizzo MAC e l'intensità del segnale). L'insieme di questi componenti aiuta a determinare la tua posizione. Puoi attivare i servizi di geolocalizzazione di Google utilizzando le impostazioni del dispositivo.
Ulteriori informazioni
Informazioni vocali e audio
Ad esempio, puoi scegliere se far salvare o meno a Google una registrazione audio nel tuo Account Google quando interagisci con la Ricerca Google, l'Assistente Google e Maps. Quando il dispositivo rileva un comando di attivazione audio, ad esempio "Hey Google", Google registra la tua voce e l'audio, oltre ad alcuni secondi precedenti all'attivazione.
Ulteriori informazioni
Luoghi che etichetti come casa e lavoro
Puoi decidere di salvare nel tuo Account Google i luoghi importanti per te, ad esempio casa o lavoro. Se imposti gli indirizzi di casa o di lavoro, potrebbero essere usati per aiutarti a svolgere più facilmente attività, ad esempio a ricevere indicazioni stradali o a trovare risultati più vicini a casa o al lavoro e per annunci più utili.
Puoi modificare o eliminare i tuoi indirizzi di casa o di lavoro in qualsiasi momento nel tuo
Account Google
.
mostrare le tendenze
Quando molte persone iniziano a cercare qualcosa, possono essere fornite informazioni utili sulle tendenze specifiche di quel momento. Google Trends analizza le ricerche eseguite su Google per stimare la popolarità delle ricerche in un determinato periodo di tempo e condivide tali risultati pubblicamente in forma aggregata.
Ulteriori informazioni
nostri utenti
Ad esempio, per impedire abusi e aumentare la trasparenza e la responsabilizzazione in merito alle nostre prassi di moderazione dei contenuti online, Google condivide dati relativi alle richieste di rimozione di contenuti dai propri servizi con Lumen, che raccoglie e analizza queste richieste per facilitare la ricerca al fine di aiutare gli utenti di Internet a comprendere i loro diritti.
Scopri di più
.
numero di telefono
Se aggiungi il tuo numero di telefono al tuo account, il numero può essere utilizzato per diverse finalità sui servizi Google, in base alle tue impostazioni. Ad esempio, il numero potrebbe essere usato per aiutarti ad accedere al tuo account se non ricordi la password, per aiutare le persone a trovarti e a contattarti, nonché per rendere gli annunci mostrati più attinenti ai tuoi interessi.
Ulteriori informazioni
partner specifici
Ad esempio, consentiamo agli inserzionisti e ai creator di YouTube di collaborare con società di valutazione per raccogliere informazioni sul pubblico dei propri video o annunci su YouTube tramite cookie o tecnologie simili. Un altro esempio è rappresentato dai commercianti delle nostre pagine di shopping, che utilizzano i cookie per capire quante persone diverse visualizzano le schede dei loro prodotti.
Ulteriori informazioni
su questi partner e su come utilizzano le tue informazioni.
Personalizzazione dei nostri servizi
Ad esempio, potremmo mostrare un doodle nella home page di Ricerca per celebrare un evento specifico per il tuo paese.
persone che potrebbero interessarti di più online
Ad esempio, quando digiti un indirizzo nel campo A, Cc o Ccn di un'email che stai scrivendo, in Gmail vengono suggeriti indirizzi in base alle persone che
contatti più spesso
.
proteggere dai comportamenti illeciti
Ad esempio, le informazioni sulle minacce alla sicurezza possono consentire a Google di informarti se ritiene che il tuo account sia stato compromesso (e può aiutarti ad adottare misure per proteggere l'account).
protezioni appropriate
Ad esempio, potremmo rendere anonimi i dati e criptarli per assicurarci che non vengano collegati ad altre informazioni sul tuo conto.
Ulteriori informazioni
rappresentino un beneficio per il pubblico
Ad esempio, trattiamo le informazioni sulle
richieste di rimozione di contenuti
dai nostri servizi per informare il pubblico, facilitare la ricerca e garantire trasparenza in merito a queste richieste.
rilevare i comportamenti illeciti
Quando rileviamo spam, malware, contenuti illegali (incluso
materiale pedopornografico e di sfruttamento
) e altre forme di comportamento illecito nel sistema che violano le nostre norme, potremmo disattivare il tuo account o intraprendere altre azioni appropriate. In alcune circostanze, potremmo anche segnalare la violazione alle autorità competenti.
rimozione
Ad esempio, come descritto in precedenza, puoi
richiedere la rimozione di contenuti
, inclusi contenuti che potrebbero includere le tue informazioni, da servizi Google specifici ai sensi della legge vigente (inclusa la legge sulla protezione dei dati) e delle nostre norme.
risultati di ricerca personalizzati
Ad esempio, quando accedi al tuo account Google e attivi il controllo Attività web e app, puoi ottenere risultati di ricerca più pertinenti basati sulle tue ricerche e attività precedenti in altri servizi Google. Puoi trovare
ulteriori informazioni qui
. Inoltre puoi ottenere risultati di ricerca personalizzati anche quando non hai eseguito l'accesso. Se non vuoi avere un tale livello di personalizzazione della ricerca, puoi
cercare e navigare in privato
o disattivare
la personalizzazione della ricerca quando non hai eseguito l'accesso
.
server in tutto il mondo
Ad esempio, gestiamo data center situati
in tutto il mondo
per far sì che i nostri prodotti siano sempre disponibili per gli utenti.
servizi Google specifici
Ad esempio, puoi eliminare
il tuo blog
da Blogger o
un sito Google di tua proprietà
da Google Sites. Puoi anche eliminare le
recensioni
che hai lasciato per app, giochi e altri contenuti nel Play Store.
servizi per effettuare e ricevere chiamate o inviare e ricevere messaggi
Esempi di tali servizi includono:
Google Voice, per effettuare e ricevere chiamate, inviare SMS e gestire la segreteria
Google Meet, per effettuare e ricevere videochiamate
Gmail, per inviare e ricevere email
Google Chat, per inviare e ricevere messaggi
Google Duo, per effettuare e ricevere videochiamate, nonché per inviare e ricevere messaggi
Google Fi, per un piano telefonico
servizi pubblicitari e di ricerca per loro conto
Ad esempio, i commercianti potrebbero caricare dati provenienti dai loro programmi di carta fedeltà al fine di includere informazioni sul programma fedeltà nei risultati di ricerca o di acquisto oppure per comprendere meglio il rendimento delle campagne pubblicitarie. Google fornisce agli inserzionisti solo report aggregati, che non rivelano dunque informazioni su singoli individui.
sicurezza e affidabilità
Alcuni esempi di come utilizziamo le tue informazioni per mantenere i nostri servizi sicuri e affidabili includono:
Raccogliere e analizzare indirizzi IP e dati dei cookie per proteggere da comportamenti illeciti automatizzati. Tali comportamenti illeciti assumono varie forme, tra cui l'invio di spam agli utenti di Gmail, la truffa legata ai clic sugli annunci che permette di sottrarre denaro agli inserzionisti oppure la censura dei contenuti mediante un attacco Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS).
La funzione "Ultima attività dell'account" in Gmail può aiutarti a capire se e quando qualcuno ha avuto accesso alle tue email a tua insaputa. Tale funzione mostra le informazioni sulle attività recenti in Gmail, ad esempio gli indirizzi IP da cui sono stati visualizzati i tuoi messaggi, la relativa posizione e la data e l'ora dell'accesso.
Ulteriori informazioni
sincronizzazione con il tuo account Google
La cronologia di navigazione di Chrome viene salvata sul tuo account solo se hai attivato la sincronizzazione di Chrome con il tuo account Google.
Ulteriori informazioni
terze parti
Ad esempio, elaboriamo le tue informazioni per comunicare le statistiche di utilizzo ai detentori dei diritti relativamente a come i loro contenuti sono stati usati nei nostri servizi. Inoltre, potremmo elaborare le tue informazioni qualora le persone ricerchino il tuo nome, per mostrare risultati di ricerca per siti che contengono informazioni su di te disponibili pubblicamente.
titolare del trattamento dei dati responsabile delle tue informazioni
Si tratta della società consociata di Google responsabile del trattamento delle tue informazioni e del rispetto delle leggi sulla privacy vigenti.
un procedimento giudiziario o una richiesta del governo obbligatoria
Come altre società tecnologiche e di comunicazioni, Google riceve regolarmente richieste da parte di governi e tribunali di tutto il mondo relative alla divulgazione dei dati utente. Il rispetto per la privacy e la sicurezza dei dati che memorizzi con Google conferma il nostro approccio volto al rispetto di queste richieste legali. Il nostro team legale esamina ogni singola richiesta, a prescindere dal tipo, e spesso le respinge se sembrano essere eccessivamente generiche o se non rispettano la procedura corretta. Ulteriori informazioni sono disponibili nel nostro
Rapporto sulla trasparenza
.
utilizzare le informazioni che raccogliamo nei nostri servizi
A seconda delle impostazioni disponibili, alcuni esempi di come utilizziamo le informazioni che raccogliamo nei nostri servizi includono:
Quando esegui l'accesso al tuo account Google e fai una ricerca su Google, puoi ottenere risultati di ricerca dal Web pubblico, oltre ad altre informazioni pertinenti relative ai tuoi contenuti in altri prodotti Google che utilizzi, ad esempio Gmail o Google Calendar. Tali informazioni possono includere, ad esempio, lo stato dei tuoi prossimi voli, prenotazioni in ristoranti e alberghi o le tue foto.
Ulteriori informazioni
Se hai comunicato con qualcuno tramite Gmail e vuoi aggiungere la persona a un documento Google o a un evento in Google Calendar, Google semplifica tali operazioni completando automaticamente l'indirizzo email della persona quando inizi a digitare il suo nome. Tale funzionalità semplifica la condivisione di contenuti con le persone che conosci.
Ulteriori informazioni
L'app Google può utilizzare i dati che hai memorizzato in altri prodotti Google per mostrarti contenuti personalizzati, a seconda delle impostazioni. Ad esempio, se hai delle ricerche memorizzate nella tua Attività web e app, l'app Google può mostrarti articoli di notizie e altre informazioni relative ai tuoi interessi, come risultati sportivi, basati sulla tua attività.
Se colleghi il tuo Account Google a Google Home, puoi gestire le informazioni e svolgere attività tramite l'Assistente Google. Ad esempio, puoi aggiungere eventi a Google Calendar o ricevere il programma della giornata, chiedere aggiornamenti di stato per i tuoi prossimi voli o inviare informazioni come le indicazioni stradali al tuo smartphone.
Ulteriori informazioni
Se sei un utente nell'UE, le decisioni che prendi in merito al collegamento dei servizi influiranno sulla modalità di utilizzo dei dati da parte di determinati servizi Google nei nostri servizi.
Visualizzazioni e interazioni con contenuti e annunci
Ad esempio, raccogliamo informazioni su visualizzazioni e interazioni con gli annunci, al fine di offrire rapporti aggregati agli inserzionisti, per dire loro se abbiamo pubblicato o meno il loro annuncio su una pagina e se tale annuncio è stato visto da un visualizzatore. Potremmo valutare anche altre interazioni, ad esempio in che modo sposti il mouse su un annuncio e se interagisci con la pagina in cui viene visualizzato l'annuncio.
Google
Tutto su Google
Privacy
Termini
Centro per la trasparenza
Un elenco a discesa per cambiare la lingua del sito. Ciascuna opzione corrisponde al nome di una lingua. Sono disponibili 65 opzioni di lingua.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Menu principale
App Google
Sub-policy 1
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy/:
Skip to main content
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Sub-policy 2
https://www.mailjet.com/security-privacy:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Back to main menu
Pricing
Pricing
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Products
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Solutions
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Resources
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Blog
Blog
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Contact
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Sinch Email
Sinch Email
Mailgun
Email on Acid
About
About
Careers
Help
Help
Documentation
Documentation
English
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Log in
Log in
Contact Sales
Get Started
Email icon
Email Marketing
Create lasting experiences with our email service.
laptop-template-icon
Landing Pages
AI ink pen icon
AI Email Generator
Layout icon
Email Editor
User stack icon
Real Time Collaboration
Chip icon
Email Automation
Segmentation icon
Segmentation
A/B test icon
A/B Testing
Line chart up trend icon
Statistics
API icon
Email API
Seamlessly set up and send with our RESTful API.
Shield badge check icon
Email Validations
Server icon
SMTP Relay
Pin map icon
Dedicated IP
Checklist cog icon
Parse API
Suitcase icon
Enterprise
Easily create emails and scale your program.
Block section icon
Mailjet Embedded
Release Notes: Keep up with what's new in the Mailjet platform.
Read More
Retail icon
Use Cases
Understand how Mailjet fits into your email needs.
Grid masonry icon
Newsletter Templates
Open email icon
Email Campaigns
Pen with ruler icon
Email Personalization
Office icon
Industries
Specific solutions to meet your industry needs.
Retail icon
Small Businesses
Businessman icon
Agencies
Office icon
Enterprise
Home icon
Real Estate
Pin map icon
Franchises
Megaphone icon
MarTech
Lightbulb icon
Learn
Discover more about email to amplify business growth.
Camera video icon
Email Academy
Plant icon
Email Growth Playbook
Magnifying glass icon
Research reports
Book icon
Guides and ebooks
Video icon
Videos
Scale icon image
GDPR
Book with bookmark icon
Glossary
Plugs icon
Integrations
Wrench icon
Email Tools
All-in-one platform to create, send, and optimize emails.
Rocket icon
Email Template Demo
Grid masonry icon
SaaS Template Creator
Code icon
MJML
Trophy icon
Success Stories
Measurable results from real customers.
Document icon
Case studies
Businessman icon
Our customers
The path to email engagement 2024
Read More
Handshake icon
Talk to Sales
Headset icon
Get Help
Mailgun
Email on Acid
Careers
Mailjet’s security standards are actually very high. Strong measures protect customer data from unauthorized access. We are committed to following applicable laws that protect your privacy.
If you have any questions or requests regarding our Privacy Policy and Data Protection contact
privacy@mailjet.com
.
Your data is stored in our secure data centers with Google Cloud Platform in Frankfurt (Germany) and Saint-Ghislain (Belgium).
The full data is hosted on highly secured servers. Data is backed up daily and written to multiple disks instantly. We can perform a full backup recovery in case of unforeseen event and system-wide emergency.
Mailjet considers reliability as a first priority and the basis for high deliverability. We ensure that all emails are sent via queuing in case our servers encounter issues. Our hardware is also fully redundant so even if one disk or server fails nothing will be lost.
SSL and TLS are encryption protocols that ensures a fully secured communication for all data exchanged. These systems are widely used to ensure fully secured communications over the internet.
Your contact lists and personal data are confidential. Mailjet will never disclose it to third parties.
We highly value our customers data privacy and protection. Please have a look at our
Privacy Policy
for more information on how we manage, process and store your data submitted in the context of providing our services.
We are proud to announce our complete implementation of all GDPR’s rigid requirements. See our
press release
for more information and also our
compliance road map
on the steps we took over the 2017 year.
Yes. Our Data Protection Officer is: Darine Fayed, Head of Legal. She may be reached at:
privacy@mailjet.com
We have in place processes to ensure that we respect your right to erasure, rectification, data portability, information and to be forgotten or restriction.
Yes. We have a personal data registry that is maintained, pursuant to Article 30 of the GDPR. This lists out the type of personal data, where the personal data is stored, maintained and processed, any data flow, who the responsible party is, and the retention times.
Yes, we sure do. You can
check out our standard DPA here
.
deliv-team@mailjet.company
outbound-sales@mailjet.company
spamtrapmonitoring@mailjet.company
pop@mailjet.top
manu@mailjet.top
tonyparker@mailjet.top
Sub-policy 3
https://www.featurebase.app/privacy-policy:
www.featurebase.app
Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds.
www.featurebase.app needs to review the security of your connection before proceeding.
Verification successful
Waiting for www.featurebase.app to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 4
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 5
https://openai.com/policies/privacy-policy:
Waiting for openai.com to respond...
Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue
Sub-policy 6
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 8
https://www.google.com/url?q=http://www.privacycommission.be/&sa=D&ust=1576864577951000:
Redirect Notice
The page you were on is trying to send you to
http://www.privacycommission.be/
.
If you do not want to visit that page, you can
return to the previous page
.