Privacy Policy
Last Updated: May 9, 2023
The Hive Social Network, Inc. (“The Hive,” “we,” or “us”) operates the Faves
    services (the “Services”), which include the Faves app, website, software,
    and related services that link to this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”).
At The Hive, we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to
    learn how we treat your personal information. By using or accessing the
    Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and
    policies outlined in this Policy, and you hereby consent that we will
    collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of the Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Use
, which incorporates
    this Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the
    definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
You may print a copy of this Policy by clicking
here
. If you have a disability, you
    may access this Policy in an alternative format by contacting
contact@joinfaves.com.
What this Policy Covers
This Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access
    or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies
    or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred
    to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under
    applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Policy does not
    cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t
    manage.
Personal Data
Categories of Personal Data We Collect
The following are the categories of Personal Data that we collect and have
    collected over the past 12 months.
Identifiers, such as name, alias, email address, phone number, online
      identifier, account name, account avatar, contacts, information from a
      linked social media profile, and similar unique personal identifiers.
Location information, to the extent it can be approximately derived from
      your IP address.
Internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing history or
      search history; marketing attribution (such as ads you clicked in order to
      arrive to the Services); information about your internet connection and
      the equipment you use to access the Services; IP address, approximate
      location, and other unique device identifiers; your activity on the
      Services; and other usage details collected through your use of the
      Services.
Any other Personal Data which you disclose or share.
Inferences drawn from any of the above.
Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you:
When you provide such information directly to us.
When you create an account or use our interactive tools and Services.
When you voluntarily provide information in free-form text boxes
          through the Services or through responses to surveys or
          questionnaires.
When you send us an email or otherwise contact us.
Automatically when you use the Services:
Through Cookies (defined in the “Tracking Tools, Advertising, and
          Opt-Out” section below).
If you download our app or use a location-enabled browser, we may
          receive information about your location and mobile device, as
          applicable.
If you download and install certain apps and software we make
          available, we may receive and collect information transmitted from
          your computing device for the purpose of providing you the relevant
          Services, such as information regarding when you are logged on and
          available to receive updates or alert notices.
From third parties:
Service providers. For example, we may use analytics service providers
          to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third
          parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Social networks connected to the services. If you provide your social
          network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services
          through a third-party app, site or service, you understand some
          content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into
          your Account with us.
Advertising partners. We receive information about you from some of
          our service providers who assist us with marketing or promotional
          services related to how you interact with our app, website, products,
          services, advertisements, or communications.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Providing, customizing, and improving the Services:
Creating and managing your account or other user profiles.
Providing you with the products, services, or information you request.
Meeting or fulfilling the reason you provided the information to us.
Providing support and assistance for the Services.
Improving the Services, including testing, research, internal
          analytics, and product development.
Personalizing the Services, content, and communications based on your
          preferences.
Conducting fraud protection, security, and debugging.
Carrying out other business purposes stated when collecting your
          Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy
          laws.
Marketing the Services:
Marketing and selling the Services.
Showing you advertisements, including interest-based or online
          behavioral advertising.
Corresponding with you:
Responding to correspondence that we receive from you, contacting you
          when necessary or requested, and sending you information about The
          Hive or the Services.
Sending emails and other communications according to your preferences
          or that display content that we think will interest you.
Meeting Legal Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms:
Fulfilling our legal obligations under applicable law, regulation,
          court order, or other legal process, such as preventing, detecting,
          and investigating security incidents and potentially illegal or
          prohibited activities.
Protecting the rights, property or safety of you, The Hive, or another
          party.
Enforcing any agreements with you.
Responding to claims that any posting or other content violates
          third-party rights.
Resolving disputes.
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the
    Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or
    incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
How We Share Your Personal Data
We may disclose your Personal Data, including any categories of the Personal
    Data listed above under “Categories of Personal Data We Collect,” to the
    categories of service providers and other third parties listed in this
    section. Depending on state laws that may be applicable to you, some of
    these disclosures may constitute a “sale” of your Personal Data.
Service Providers. These parties help us provide the Services or perform
      business functions on our behalf. They include:
Payment processors.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Hosting, technology, and communications providers.
Analytics providers.
Staff augmentation and contract personnel.
Support and customer service vendors.
Advertising Partners. These parties help us market our services and
      provide you with other offers that may be of interest to you. They include
      ad networks.
Parties you authorize to access:
Other users (where you post information through the Services).
Third-party business partners who you access through the Services.
Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through
          your use of the Services).
Other parties authorized by you.
Legal Obligations
We may share any Personal Data that we collect with third parties in
    conjunction with any of the activities set forth under “Meeting Legal
    Requirements and Enforcing Legal Terms” in the “How We Use Your Personal
    Data” section above.
Business Transfers
All of your Personal Data that we collect may be transferred to a third
    party if we evaluate, negotiate, or conduct a merger, divestiture,
    restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, other sale or transfer of some
    or all of our assets, or the negotiation thereof, whether as a going concern
    or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding in which that
    third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part). Should
    one of these events occur, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you
    before your information becomes subject to different privacy and security
    policies and practices.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data from the
    Personal Data we collect, including by removing information that makes the
    data person- ally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such
    aggregated, de-identified, or anonymized data and share it with third
    parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build, and
    improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not
    share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Tracking Tools, Advertising and Opt-Out
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web
    beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our
    servers to recognize you and tell us how and when you visit and use our
    Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and
    improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data – usually text files
    – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use
    that device to visit our Services. We may also supplement the information we
    collect from you with information received from third parties, including
    third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please
    note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not
    Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies. Essential Cookies are required for providing you with
      features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies
      enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these
      Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies. Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and
      settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and
      recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to
      personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your
      preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies. Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to
      understand how visitors use our Services such as by collecting information
      about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on
      our Services, and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services.
      Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our
      advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the
      Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example,
      Google, Inc. (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google
      Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information
      collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject
      to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You
      have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the
      Google advertising opt- out page at
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
      https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies. Retargeting/Advertising Cookies collect
      data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can
      provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you. For more
      information about this, please see the section below titled “Information
      about Interest-Based Advertisements.”
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet
    browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie
    feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well
    as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to
    decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also
    delete all Cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this,
    however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you
    visit a site and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the
    “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more
    information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and
    delete Cookies, please visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
Information about Interest-Based Advertisements
We may serve advertisements, and also allow third-party ad networks,
    including third-party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors, and
    research firms, to serve advertisements through the Services. These
    advertisements may be targeted to users who fit certain general profile
    categories or display certain preferences or behaviors (“Interest-Based
    Ads”). Information for Internet-Based Ads (including Personal Data) may be
    provided to us by you or derived from the usage patterns of particular users
    on the Services and/or services of third parties. Such information may be
    gathered through tracking users’ activities across time and unaffiliated
    properties, including when you leave the Services. To accomplish this, we or
    our service providers may deliver Cookies, including a file (known as a “web
    beacon”) from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow
    ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research, and
    reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to
    serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Web
    beacons allow ad networks to view, edit, or set their own Cookies on your
    browser, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.
We comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory
    Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Through the DAA and Network
    Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), several media and marketing associations
    have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give consumers a
    better under- standing of, and greater control over, ads that are customized
    based a consumer’s online behavior across different websites and properties.
    To make choices about Interest-Based Ads from participating third parties,
    including to opt-out of receiving behaviorally targeted advertisements from
    participating organizations, please visit the DAA’s or NAI’s consumer
    opt-out pages, which are located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
or
www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your Privacy Rights
We provide you with rights to:
Confirm whether we process your Personal Data.
Access, correct, and delete certain Personal Data.
Data portability.
Opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales.
Opt-out of certain types of profiling.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at
contact@joinfaves.com
or as
    otherwise provided below. We may deny a request to change information if we
    believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the
    information to be incorrect, and we may retain copies of your Personal Data
    to the extent required by applicable law.
To appeal a decision regarding a consumer rights request, please contact us
    at
contact@joinfaves.com
or as
    otherwise set forth below.
Other Privacy Choices
We strive to provide you with as many choices as possible regarding the
    Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you
    with the following control over your Personal Data:
Account Access. You can review, change, and remove some of your Personal
      Data by logging into the Services and visiting your account profile page.
Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some
      cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or
      refuse cookies, some parts of the Services may then be inaccessible or not
      function properly.
Promotional Offers from Us. If you do not wish to have your contact
      information used by us to promote our own products or services, you can
      opt-out by unsubscribing from any emails you receive from us.
      Additionally, you can also always opt-out by contacting us at
contact@joinfaves.com
or as
      otherwise set forth below.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to
    signal to operators of apps, websites, and services that you do not wish
    such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and
    across different apps and websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track
    requests at this time. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you can visit
www.allaboutdnt.com.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, and
    disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational, and
    administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how
    we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard
    Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of
    Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by
    appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on
    mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and
    signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work
    to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our
    records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the
    Internet or storing data is completely secure. We cannot guarantee the
    complete security of any data you share with us, and except as expressly
    required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss, or
    inadvertent disclosure of your information or content. Any transmission of
    Personal Data is at your own risk.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account
    with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services. In some
    cases, we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to
    comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or collect fees owed,
    or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule, or
    regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated
    form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
As noted in the Terms of Use, we do not knowingly collect or solicit
    Personal Data from children under 13; if you are a child under 13, please do
    not attempt to register for or otherwise use the Services or send us any
    Personal Data. If we learn we have collected Personal Data from a child
    under 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you
    believe that a child under 13 may have provided us Personal Data, please
    contact us at
contact@joinfaves.com.
Other State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
If you are a California resident, you have the rights outlined in this
    section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for
    instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any
    conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Policy and
    you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of
    Personal Data shall control to the extent of such conflict. If you have any
    questions about this section or whether any of the following applies to you,
    please contact us at
contact@joinfaves.com.
Personal Data We Collect
We have collected the following categories of Personal Data from consumers
    within the last 12 months:
A. Identifiers
Name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet
            Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar
            identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
            Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Name, physical characteristics or description, address, or telephone
            number.
C. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history or search history; marketing attribution (such as
            ads you clicked in order to arrive to the Services); information
            about your internet connection and the equipment you use to access
            the Services; IP address, approximate location, and other unique
            device identifiers; your activity on the Services; and other usage
            details collected through your use of the Services
D. Sensory data
Audio, electronic, and visual information.
E. Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics,
            predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
            aptitudes.
Personal Data We Share
We have shared the following categories of Personal Data from consumers
    within the last 12 months, either by disclosing it to a third party for a
    business purpose or by selling or sharing it to third parties, subject to
    your right to opt-out of those sales and sharing. Our personal information
    sales and sharing do not include information about individuals we know are
    under age 16.
Business Purpose Disclosures
Sales and Sharing
A. Identifiers
Service providers (e.g., software and hosting vendors, SMS service
        providers, etc.), advertising partners, business partners, internet and
        cloud service providers, internet cookie data recipients, data analytics
        providers, social media companies
None
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer
        Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))
Service providers (e.g., software and hosting vendors, SMS service
        providers, etc.), advertising partners, business partners, internet and
        cloud service providers, internet cookie data recipients, data analytics
        providers, social media companies
None
C. Internet or other similar network activity
Service providers (e.g., software and hosting vendors, SMS service
        providers, etc.), advertising partners, business partners, internet and
        cloud service providers, internet cookie data recipients, data analytics
        providers, social media companies
None
D. Sensory data
Service providers (e.g., software and hosting vendors, SMS service
        providers, etc.), advertising partners, business partners, internet and
        cloud service providers, internet cookie data recipients, data analytics
        providers, social media companies
None
E. Inferences drawn from other personal information
Service providers (e.g., software and hosting vendors, SMS service
        providers, etc.), advertising partners, business partners, internet and
        cloud service providers, internet cookie data recipients, data analytics
        providers, social media companies
None
California law prohibits a third party from reselling personal information
    unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of
    further sales.
Right to Know and Data Portability
You have the right to request certain information about our collection and
    use of your Personal Data over the past 12 months. We will provide you with
    the following information:
The categories of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which that Personal Data was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal
      Data.
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal
      Data.
The specific pieces of Personal Data that we have collected about you.
If we have disclosed your Personal Data for a business purpose over the past
    12 months, we will identify the categories of Personal Data shared with each
    category of third-party recipient for a business purpose.
If we have sold your Personal Data over the past 12 months, we will identify
    the categories of Personal Data purchased by each category of third-party
    recipient.
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we have
    collected from you. Under California law, this right is subject to certain
    exceptions, and we may deny your deletion request if retaining the
    information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide
      a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated
      within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or
      otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive,
      fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such
      activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
      functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise
      their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
      Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical
      research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable
      ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render
      impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you
      previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer
      expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are
      compatible with the context you provided it.
If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we may deny
    your deletion request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise the rights described above, you must send us a request that (1)
    provides sufficient information to allow us to verify that you are the
    person about whom we have collected Personal Data, and (2) describes your
    request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand, evaluate, and
    respond to it. Each request that meets both of these criteria will be
    considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to requests that do not
    meet these criteria. We will only use Personal Data provided in a Valid
    Request to verify you and complete your request. You do not need an account
    to submit a Valid Request.
We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We
    will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid
    Request(s) is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we
    determine that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the
    fee and explain that decision before completing your request.
You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:
Calling us at 650-427-9147
Emailing us at contact@joinfaves.com
Right to Opt-Out and Opt-In of Sale or Sharing Personal Data
If you are 16 or older, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
    Personal Data and the right to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for
    cross-context behavioral advertising purposes. To do so, click the following
    link:
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Once you have submitted an opt-out request, we will not ask you to
    reauthorize the sale or sharing of your Personal Data for at least 12
    months.
If you are between 13 and 16 years of age, you must authorize us to sell or
    share your Personal Data, which you may do by clicking the Opt-In link
    above. We do not knowingly collect and therefore do not sell or share
    Personal Data of individuals under 13 years of age.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the
    CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different
    prices or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you
    exercise your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers
    of our Services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the
    CCPA) with varying prices, rates, or levels of quality of the goods or
    services you receive related to the value of Personal Data that we receive
    from you.
Additional California Resident Rights
The "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of
    our App that are California residents to request certain information
    regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their
    direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at
contact@joinfaves.com.
California residents under 18 years or age may request and obtain removal of
    information they posted by contacting us at
contact@joinfaves.com.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale
    of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that
    Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
contact@joinfaves.com
with the
    subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name
    and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do
    not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised
    Statutes Chapter 603A.
Changes to this Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change
    this Policy from time to time as well. We will alert you to changes by
    placing a notice on the Services, by sending you an email, and/or by some
    other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice
    emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those
    legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still
    responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services
    after any changes to the Policy have been posted, you have accepted and
    agreed to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to
    the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, the ways in which
    we collect and use your Personal Data, or your choices and rights regarding
    such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Email:
contact@joinfaves.com
Phone: 650-427-9147
Website: joinfaves.com
Address: 320 High Street, Palo Alto, CA 94301
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps