SeriousMD
Privacy
Policy
Welcome!
Thank you for your interest in
SeriousMD
(“
SeriousMD
”).
SeriousMD
respects
your right to privacy. Consistent with
SeriousMD
policy to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws, this
Policy summarizes the personal information which
SeriousMD
may collect, process, store, use, share and dispose. Accordingly, before
proceeding to avail of
SeriousMD’s
services and/or
products, all users are enjoined to read, fully understand, and agree to this
Privacy Policy.
A.
INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE
This
Privacy Policy is being adopted in compliance with Republic Act No. 10173 or
the Data Privacy Act of 2012 (DPA), its Implementing Rules and Regulations and
other relevant policies, including, but not limited to, the issuances of the
National Privacy Commission (NPC) and the Department of Health (DOH). In
general, this Policy applies to all personal data processing activities
conducted by
SeriousMD
, particularly the collection,
use, storage, sharing, and disposal of all personal data of
SeriousMD
users, as well as any personal data of data subjects which may be shared to
SeriousMD
by its users.
This
Policy applies to all internet sites and mobile applications operated under
SeriousMD
by or on behalf of its owner,
LeapFrogger
,
Inc., as well as any of its subsidiaries and/or affiliates. It likewise applies
to all personal information which
SeriousMD
may
otherwise collect and process: (a) through its products and services, other
than its site and mobile app; (b) when users interact with
SeriousMD
by other means such as, for example, in person, by telephone or through
training; and (c) from
SeriousMD’s
suppliers,
vendors, and other business partners.
SeriousMD
may have additional products or services other than those made available
through its website or mobile application. If additional or different
disclosures are required for a specific product or service,
SeriousMD
will provide those disclosures separately on, or with, the relevant site, app,
product or service. Each such specific privacy disclosure, policy or statement
supplements and amends this policy.
As
there may be new issuances which may govern the right to process personal data
as well as the expression of consent thereto,
SeriousMD
maintains the right to amend and/or modify this document to comply with any
future developments in data privacy regulations, where applicable, and to
reflect any changes in the organization’s policies and/or personal data
processing activities.
By
proceeding with the use of
SeriousMD
, all its related
websites, downloadable software, mobile applications, and/or other services,
you acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy
concerning the processing of personal data.
B.
DEFINITION OF TERMS
As used in this Privacy Policy, the following terms are defined
as follows –
•
Anonymization
: refers to the processing of data to render it in such a
way that the User or the Data Subject is not or no longer identifiable.
•
Consent
: refers to any freely given,
specific, informed indication of will, whereby the User or Data Subject, as the
case may be, agrees to the collection and processing of his/her personal
information.
•
Data
Sharing
: refers to
the disclosure or transfer to a third party of personal data, which may come
under the control or custody of
SeriousMD
.
•
Data
Subject
: refers to the
individuals whose personal data is being processed. This may include the User/s
and their patients, as the case may be.
•
Personal
Information / Personal Data
:
refers to any information whether recorded in a material form or not, from
which the identity of an individual is apparent or can be reasonably and
directly ascertained by the entity holding the information, or when put
together with other information would directly and certainly identify an
individual. It refers to all personal data, reports, addresses, files, records,
and other data that a User of
SeriousMD
stores within
the Site.
•
Personal
Information Controller
: refers
to any person or organization
who
controls the
collection, holding, processing or use of personal information, including a
person or organization who instructs another person or organization to collect,
hold, process, use, transfer or disclose personal information on his or her
behalf. Within the context of the
availment
of
SeriousMD’s
services, the Users are the personal
information controllers of the personal information of their patients.
•
Personal
Information Processor
: refers
to any qualified natural or juridical person to whom a personal information
controller may outsource the processing of personal data pertaining to a data
subject.
SeriousMD
serves as the personal information
processor of User/s with respect to the personal information of the User’s
patient data.
•
Processing
: refers to any operation or any
set of operations performed upon personal information including, but not
limited to, the collection, recording, organization, storage, updating or
modification, retrieval, consultation, use, consolidation, blocking, erasure or
destruction of data.
•
Public
Area
: means the area of
the
SeriousMD
site that can be accessed by both Users
and Visitors without needing to use a login ID and password.
•
Restricted
Area
:
means the area of the Site that can be
accessed only by Users, and where access requires the use of a login ID and a
password.
•
Sensitive
Personal Information
:
refers to personal information (a) About an individual’s race, ethnic origin,
marital status, age, color, and religious, philosophical or political
affiliations; (b) About an individual’s health, education, genetic or sexual
life of a person, or to any proceeding for any offense committed or alleged to
have been committed by such person, the disposal of such proceedings, or the
sentence of any court in such proceedings; (c) Issued by government agencies
peculiar to an individual which includes, but not limited to, social security
numbers, previous or current health records, licenses or its denials, suspension
or revocation, and tax returns; and (d) Specifically established by an
executive order or an act of Congress to be kept classified.
•
SeriousMD
: refers to
SeriousMD
and/or its
website/s or applications. It also refers to
LeapFroggr
,
Inc. or its affiliates.
•
Service/
Services
: refers to the
SeriousMD
website,
https://www.seriousmd.com
, or its related mobile applications and
products.
•
User
: refers to the licensed physician
and/or individual who
avails
of the products and/or
services of
SeriousMD
, either through its website or
mobile application. It includes juridical persons, such as hospitals and
medical
facilities, that
hire licensed and registered physicians in providing
healthcare service.
It also refers to the sub-user,
employee, agent or representative of the User, who is authorized to use the
restricted areas of the
SeriousMD
site for purposes
of accessing the services of
SeriousMD
.
•
Visitor
:
means an individual other than a User, who uses the public area,
but has no access to the restricted areas of the Site or Service.
C.
THE TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
COLLECTED
SeriousMD
collects different types of information from or
through the Service:
●
User-provided
Information
. When you use
the Service, either as a User or as a Visitor, you may provide us, and we may
collect your Personal Data. The personal information we may collect includes,
among others, your name, email address, mailing address, mobile phone number,
birthdate, government issued identifying information, and credit card or other
billing information. It also includes other personal information, which will identify
you as the User, such as geographic area or preferences. By registering an
account with the Service, you will be required to provide us with both Personal
Information and Sensitive Personal Information. As the use of
SeriousMD
is also limited to licensed and registered
physicians, authorized to practice medicine in the Philippines pursuant to
applicable laws, and to juridical persons, such as hospitals and medical
facilities, that hire licensed and registered physicians to provide
healthcare services,
we will
also store, process and/or collect your license and registration number, PRC
ID, and other personal information which may establish your authority to
practice medicine in the Philippines.
●
Information
Collected by Users from their patients
. A User may store or upload into the Service, personal
information or sensitive personal information of their respective clients. In
this case, as the Personal Information Processor of the Users,
SeriousMD
has no direct relationship with the individuals
whose Personal Data are being uploaded and/or stored by its Users. Each User is
responsible for securing the required consent and providing notice to its
customers and third persons concerning the purpose for which User collects
their Personal Data and how this Personal Data is processed in or through the
Service.
●
“Automatically
Collected" Information
.
When a User or Visitor uses the Service,
SeriousMD
may automatically record certain information from the User’s or Visitor’s
device by using various types of technology, including cookies, “clear
gifs" or “web beacons.” This “automatically collected" information
may include IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device
type, the web pages or sites visited just before or just after using the
Service, the pages or other content the User or Visitor views or interacts with
on the Service, and the dates and times of the visit, access, or use of the
Service.
SeriousMD
may also use these technologies to
collect information regarding a Visitor or User’s interaction with email
messages, such as whether the Visitor or User opens, clicks on, or forwards a
message. This information is gathered from all Users and Visitors of the
Service.
●
Integrated
Services
. You, as User of
the Service, may be given the option to access or register for the Service
through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided
by third parties (each, an “Integrated Service”), such as through the use of
your Google account, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated
Service to provide Personal Data or other information to us. By authorizing us
to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store
your name, email address(
es
), date of birth, gender,
current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated
Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with
this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service
to understand what information that Integrated Service makes available to us,
and make changes as appropriate. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms
of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and
connecting to our Service.
●
Information
from Other Sources
. We
may obtain information, including Personal Data, from third parties and sources
other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers, credit rating
agencies, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from
other sources with Personal Data that we collect through the Service, we will
treat the combined information as Personal Data in accordance with this Policy.
D.
USE AND PROCESSING OF INFORMATION
COLLECTED
SeriousMD
collects and processes personal data for the
following reasons:
●
We
collect and process personal data for the
fulfilment
of contractual services to Users. This is also used to operate, maintain,
enhance and provide all features of the Service, including the information that
you may request
; for debugging;
as well as to respond to all queries and provide support
for Users of the Service.
●
We
may use the personal information of our Users for administrative purposes, such
as customer service and providing notices; and for promotional activities,
relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work
with. You have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional
communications
by sending us an e-mail at
privacy@seriousmd.com.
●
We
may use your
anonymized
personal data for
statistical, analytical, research, and other related purposes to create
anonymous and aggregate reports. We may also use your personal data in
connection with Google Analytics, to measure and evaluate access to and traffic
on the Public Area of the Service and create user navigation reports for our
Site Administrators. In the event we do so, we will take the necessary
safeguards required by law for the protection of your personal information.
●
We
may also use the information provided to us to understand and analyze the usage
trends and preferences of our Visitors and Users, to improve the Service, and
to develop new products, services,
features
, and functionality.
●
We
may use automatically collected information, such as cookies and similar
technologies, to identify your device and record your preference. We use this
information to enhance your customer experience and determine tailored content
to meet your preferences and needs.
●
We
may also outsource or contract the processing of the personal data of our Users
to third parties, such as but not limited to, cloud storage vendors, etc., to
fulfill any of the above purposes. They are only authorized to use the personal
data for such contracted purposes. They may have access to personal data for a
limited time under reasonable contractual and technical safeguards to limit
their use of such information. We require them to protect personal data
consistent with the
SeriousMD’s
Privacy Policy.
E.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
We
do not sell or disclose the personal data we process to third parties without
the consent of Users and Data Subjects, unless we are legally required to do
so; if it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we process personal
data as mentioned above; or if such action is necessary to protect, defend
and/or enforce our rights, property or the personal safety of our employees and
other individuals. We only permit our authorized personnel, Users and their
registered representatives to access or process personal data in the possession
of
SeriousMD
. We restrict access to such information
to our authorized personnel, contractors, and agents who need to know such
information in order to process it for us, who are subject to strict
contractual and technical safeguards, and are accountable if they fail to meet
these obligations.
We
work with third party service providers who provide website, application
development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us. These third
parties may have access to, or process your personal data in the possession of
SeriousMD
as part of providing those services for us. We
limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is
reasonably necessary and sufficient for them to perform their functions. Again,
all our contracts with third parties require them to maintain the strictest
confidentiality of such information. Thus, whenever personal data is disclosed
with the requisite consent to third parties, we ensure that such third parties
are contractually obligated to comply with the requirements of the Data Privacy
Act and shall process any personal data strictly in accordance with the
purposes enumerated above.
F.
THE RIGHTS OF USERS
1.
Right
to be informed
: As User,
you have the right to be informed that your personal data shall be, are being,
or have been processed. This right also requires us to notify you within a
specific period of time if your data has been compromised, i.e. in the case of
a personal data breach.
2.
Right
to access
: You have the
right to gain reasonable access to your personal data upon request. You may
request access to the following:
a)
Contents
of your personal data that were processed;
b)
Sources
from which they were obtained;
c)
Names
and addresses of the recipients of your data;
d)
Manner
by which such data were processed;
e)
Reasons
for disclosure to recipients, if there were any;
f)
Information
on automated processes where the data will or likely to be made as the sole
basis for any decision which would significantly affect you;
g)
Date
when your data was last accessed and modified; and,
h)
Name
and address of the personal information controller
3.
Right
to object
: You have a
right to object to the processing of your personal data, including processing
for direct marketing, automated processing or profiling. You likewise have the
right to be notified and given an opportunity to withhold consent to the
processing in case of changes to the information given to you regarding the
processing of your information.
4.
Right
to erasure or blocking
:
You have the right to suspend, withdraw, or order the blocking, removal or
destruction of your personal data. You can exercise this right upon discovery
and substantial proof of any of the following:
a)
Your
personal data is incomplete, outdated, false, or unlawfully obtained;
b)
It is
being used for purposes you did not authorize;
c)
The
data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected;
d)
You
decided to withdraw consent, or you object to its processing, and there is no
overriding legal ground for its processing;
e)
The
data concerns personal information prejudicial to you — unless justified by
freedom of speech, of expression, or of the press; or otherwise authorized;
f)
The
processing is unlawful; or,
g)
The
personal information controller, or the personal information processor,
violated your rights as a data subject
5.
Right
to rectification
: You
have the right to dispute any inaccuracy or error in your personal data and
have
SeriousMD
correct it immediately, unless the
request is vexatious or unreasonable.
6.
Right
to data portability
:
Where your personal information is processed by electronic means, you have a
right to obtain from
SeriousMD
a copy of your
personal data in an electronic or structured format that is commonly used and
allows for further use.
G.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
To
oversee our privacy compliance efforts,
SeriousMD
has
appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) to manage and safeguard the
handling of all our personal data processing activities. Should you have any
concerns regarding
SeriousMD’s
privacy practices and
policies, you may reach the DPO through the following contact information:
Data Protection Officer: Solomon See
Contact Information:
privacy@seriousmd.com
H.
INFORMATION SECURITY POLICY
1.
We
apply reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect the information
submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We maintain
appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect
personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, accidental loss,
unauthorized alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, misuse, and any
other unlawful form of processing of the Personal Data in our possession. This
includes, for example, firewalls, password protection and other access and
authentication controls. We use SSL technology to encrypt data during
transmission
through the public
internet, and we also employ application-layer security
features to further
anonymize
Personal Data.
In
addition, we implement the following physical, technical, and organizational
controls to ensure the security of the personal data:
•
SeriousMD
implements server redundancy and creates multiple backups in different
availability zones within Amazon Web Services to protect personal information
against natural dangers such as accidental loss or destruction, and human
dangers such as unlawful access, fraudulent misuse, unlawful destruction,
alteration and contamination.
•
SeriousMD
maintains a secure computer network to protect against accidental, unlawful or
unauthorized usage or interference with or hindering of their functioning or
availability;
•
Data is
anonymized
and transferred securely when processing the information;
•
Processes are in place for identifying
and accessing reasonably foreseeable vulnerabilities in its computer networks,
and for taking preventive, corrective and mitigating action against security
incidents that can lead to a security breach; and
•
Regular monitoring of server activity
is done to detect security breaches; and in the event of a breach, procedures
are in place to allow
SeriousMD
to take preventive,
corrective and mitigating action and to inform its users about the impact of
the breach and inform them about necessary steps to secure themselves from the
vulnerability.
•
SeriousMD
imposes an obligation upon its employees who have access to information not
intended for public disclosure, to keep all the data under strict
confidentiality. This obligation shall continue even after they leave the
company, transfer to another position, or upon termination of employment or
contractual relations.
•
SeriousMD
implements data breach protocols that are activated when the personal data of
our clients and customers are compromised.
Despite
the foregoing controls, we emphasize that no method of transmission over the
Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot ensure or
warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store in our
Website or mobile application, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot
guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or
destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial
safeguards. If you believe your personal data has been compromised, please
contact our data protection officer in the contact details provided in this
document. If we learn of a security systems breach, we will inform you of the
occurrence of the breach in accordance with applicable law.
2.
We
practice the Data Minimization principle in the retention and disposal of your
personal data. We only retain the Personal Data collected from you for as long
as your account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as
we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it,
unless otherwise required by law. We also retain and use information as
necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce
our agreements, in accordance with the statute of limitations as provided by
law.
When
disposing of your Personal Information, we take reasonable measures to ensure
that it is done properly and is not accessible to the public.
Physical records are shredded within thirty (30)
     days from our receipt of the client’s opt-out;
Copies of electronic records are removed in the
     active database and all third-party tools; and,
Historical snapshots of data are only kept for
     one year, at the most.
3.
Our
disclosure of personal data to third-party processors are governed by the
following safeguards:
a.
Support secure transmission of data
through the use of industry standard encryption and while data is at rest;
b.
Review the processors’ privacy policy
and ensure that it adheres to Serious MD Privacy Policy guidelines;
c.
Technical Review of third-party service
to ensure it passes security standards and adheres to privacy policies of
SeriousMD
; and,
d.
Removal and disposal of all client data
from third-party platforms upon the opt-out of the user and when data is no
longer needed.
I.
CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THIS POLICY
Please
revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy,
which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it
available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision,
and will comply with applicable law. Your continued use of the Service after
the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read,
understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
Please contact us with any questions or comments about
this Policy, your Personal Data, our use and disclosure practices, or your
consent choices by email at privacy@seriousmd.com.
Last update: May 10,
2020.