SOLA MESH CORSET TOP BLACK
€72,00
XXS
XS
S
M
L
XL
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://cdn.klarna.com/1.0/shared/content/legal/terms/Klarna/en_au/privacy:
1. Other Klarna privacy policies
2. What information do we use?
3. What personal information do we process and for what purpose?
4. Service-specific processing of personal information in some of Klarna’s Services
5. Consents and revoking consent for us to use certain personal information
6. Who might we share your personal information with?
7. Do we disclose your personal information outside Australia?
8. Credit information policy and your rights in relation to your credit information
9. How do we hold your personal information?
10. How long do we process your personal information?
11. Accessing and correcting your personal information
12. Complaints
13. What about cookies and other tracking technologies?
14. Updates to this Privacy Policy
15. Contact details
Open navigation menu
Close navigation menu
This Privacy Policy applies, except for what is stated in Section 1 below, to all customer personal information that Klarna handles. It is therefore important that you read and understand this Privacy Policy.
Some of our Services will provide you access to content and functionality offered by other companies or organizations other than Klarna (“Third-Party Services”). This is for example the case when we link to third-party sites from our websites, and when you access third-party sites while using the web browser in the Klarna App. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the collection and use of your personal data in Third-Party Services, and Klarna is not responsible for such third parties’ processing of your personal data.
"We", "our" or "us" means Klarna Australia Pty Ltd registered with the Australian companies register under the registration number ABN 82 635 912 579.
1. Other Klarna privacy policies
Separate privacy policies may apply for specific campaigns or offers which are temporarily available. If so, such separate privacy policies are presented in connection with the campaign or offer.
If you are employed by Klarna, a candidate applying for a job at Klarna, or an employee of a store that cooperates with Klarna, we also have separate privacy policies explaining how we handle your personal information. You will be provided the relevant privacy policy in connection to your contact with Klarna, and you may also contact us using the information in Section 15 below if you want a copy of the relevant privacy policy.
2. What information do we use?
2.1 Information you give us
You may give us information about yourself when you use one of Klarna’s Services, for example when you choose to pay with one of Klarna’s payment methods, contact us, or use the Klarna App.
Please note that you are only allowed to provide your own personal information when using the Services, for the Services to be provided correctly.
Depending on which Service you choose to use, this personal information will be:
Contact and identification information
– name, date of birth, national ID number, title, billing and shipping address, email address, mobile phone number, nationality, etc.
Payment information
– credit and debit card information (card number, validity date, and CVV code), bank account number, etc.
Sensitive information
– you may, at your sole discretion, choose to provide us information about you which constitutes “
sensitive information
” according to Australian legislation, including membership of a professional or trade association or trade union, sexual orientation, health information, etc. We will never require this type of information from you in order to provide you with our Services. Providing us with this information will be strictly voluntary and based on your explicit consent. Please see Section 5 for information about how you can revoke your consent.
You can at any time change your profile information such as your contact information and other editable settings. This can be done either in the Klarna App or by contacting us.
2.2 Information we collect about you
Depending on which Services you choose to use, we may collect the following information about you, either ourselves or via third parties (for example credit reporting bodies, stores or public databases):
Contact and identification information
– name, date of birth, government identification numbers (such as your drivers licence or passport number), title, billing and shipping address, email address, mobile phone number, nationality, age, gender, audio recordings, photos and video recordings of you and your identification document, etc.
Information on goods or services
– details about the goods or services you purchase or order (or plan to buy or order), including for example type of goods or shipment tracking number.
Credit information
– details relating to your credit history, credit worthiness or capacity, and credit eligibility information, which we may collect from you, other credit providers, or credit reporting bodies.
Information about the interaction between you and
Klarna
– how you use the Services, including which Service and what different functions in the Service you have used; information on outstanding and historical debts and your repayment history with Klarna; technical data such as page response times, download errors, personal preferences; your personal preferences including derived interests; your interactions with the Klarna customer service, etc.
Recorded telephone conversations
– we record telephone conversations if you call our customer service.
Information about the interaction between you and stores
– your dealings with stores you visit or shop with, such as information about whether you have received the goods, and type of store.
Device information
– e.g. device ID, IP address, language settings, browser settings, time zone settings, operating system and platform, screen resolution, and similar information about your device and device settings/usage. To learn more about how we may collect information from your device, or store information on your device, please see Section 13 below.
Information from external sanction lists and PEP lists
– we may screen your information against lists of persons subject to sanctions, and lists of persons who are so called Politically Exposed Persons. These lists include information such as name, date of birth, place of birth, occupation or position and reason for being listed.
Social media profile
– if you have clicked on one of our promotions or event notices posted on a third-party social media website we may receive contact information provided as part of your user profile of such social media (such as your name, e-mail address and telephone number and any other relevant business information such as your employer’s name, address and your industry).
Service-specific information
– in order to provide you with some of our Services (e.g., Klarna app, our browser extension, Klarna Shopping Service, Klarna’s Membership Connect Service, etc.) we may collect and handle additional personal information that is not covered by the above categories. Please see Section 4 below in order to find out which additional personal information is processed for the respective Service.
The Klarna app and our browser extension use information
. All content you upload (such as images, product & store reviews, or receipts), location information, geolocation information, information about how you use the browser in the app, and the websites you visit when you have our browser extension installed.
3. What personal information do we process and for what purpose?
Depending on which Services you use, Klarna may handle your personal information for the purposes listed below. We collect and use your personal information to provide you Services, understand how Klarna’s Services are used, and to improve the Services that we offer to our customers. These purposes are further described in the below table. You can find more specific information about how we process your information in some of our Services in Section 4 below.
Processing in order to provide the Services
Purpose of the processing
Personal information
Administer the customer relationship with you in different ways, for example to process your payment or carry out our obligations arising from credit contracts entered into between you and us.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Create and send information to you in electronic format (non-marketing).
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Assess which is the most suitable way to contact you to inform you about outstanding debts.
Contact and identification information, credit information (if we have this available) and information about the interaction between you and Klarna.
Conduct customer satisfaction surveys and consumer research regarding our Services (for example after you have contacted Klarna’s customer service) as well as ask for reviews from you, via email, sms, phone, or through other means.
You can object to this at any time. You will also be informed about your right to opt-out from these communications every time your email or phone number is used for this purpose.
Contact and identification information, information on goods or services, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, and information about the interaction between you and stores.
Carry out credit assessment before granting credit (Please see Section 4.1 on Klarna’s credit Services and Section 8 regarding how we cooperate with credit reporting bodies). Managing our credit relationship with you including for administration and collection purposes.
Contact and identification information, credit information and information about the interaction between you and Klarna.
Prevent IT attacks (for example DDoS attacks) toward Klarna’s Services and ensure network and information security, as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, information about the interaction between you and stores, as well as device information.
To be able to treat you as a vulnerable customer (if you due to personal circumstances are in a vulnerable position). This means that we can offer you special support, for example, when you contact customer service.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, and other personal information, including sensitive information.
Improve our Services, training and quality assurance, as well as documenting what has been discussed and decided between you and Klarna’s customer service.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, recorded telephone conversations.
To handle investigations for unauthorised purchase disputes and ensure timely and consistent outcomes based on instant decisioning.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna.
To handle voluntary blocks for using Klarna’s services, i.e. if you contact us and ask us to prevent you from being able to use our services. Your voluntary block can be lifted by you at any time by contacting us again.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna.
Transfer your information to stores, suppliers and/or other recipients such as the Klarna group. (Please see Section 6 for more information on how we share your information and why).
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Carry out risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management (for example through verifying your identity, and carry out checks with fraud prevention companies, etc).
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Perform debt collection services, i.e. to collect and sell debt.
Contact and identification information, information on goods or services, credit information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna and information about the interaction between you and the stores.
To share your personal data with the store or on-line service if you choose to sign in with Klarna (through “SIWK”).
Contact and identification information, and information on goods or services.
If you have added a third-party membership or loyalty card account to Klarna’s Membership Connect Service, Klarna will process your data to deliver the service. This includes Klarna regularly connecting to your third-party card account to import membership points, levels, and balance history.
Contact and identification information, and service-specific information.
Product improvement and research
Anonymise your personal information for product development and service improvement in order to analyse customer behaviour.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Perform data analysis for product improvement and product testing (for example to improve risk, credit and fraud models).
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Enable internal research and creation of statistical models.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Enable external research, for example by universities or other bodies.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Compliance and to protect Klarna from legal claims
Comply with applicable laws, such as anti-money laundering and bookkeeping / accounting laws.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
Perform screening against lists of persons subject to sanctions, and lists of persons who are so called Politically Exposed Persons.
Contact and identification information, information from external sanction lists and PEP lists.
Protect Klarna from legal claims, and enforce Klarna’s legal rights.
All of the personal information categories under Section 2.
To provide marketing
To provide targeted marketing, offers and marketing surveys regarding our Services (including offers from stores and partners we cooperate with) to you through our channels (such as the website or our Klarna App) and through channels of third parties, with your consent where required.
For the purpose of providing targeted marketing to you we may also share your information with third-party analytics services. These third party analytics services may share your data with advertising services that market to you, other customers and prospective customers.
You may always opt out by contacting us, see Section 15. Our marketing emails also contain an unsubscribe facility.
Contact and identification information, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, information about the interaction between you and stores, device information, your IP address and event data on the Klarna App.
To decide which marketing and marketing surveys to provide you. This processing also ceases when you opt out from receiving marketing.
Contact and identification information, information on goods or services, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, information about the interaction between you and stores, device information and service-specific information.
To provide “sponsored links” to products and services of stores.
Information about goods/services, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, information about the interaction between you and stores, device information and service-specific information.
4. Service-specific processing of personal information in some of Klarna’s Services
This Section sets out certain processing of your personal information which is specific for certain Services. To learn more about our Services, and their included features, please consult the terms and conditions of the respective Service.
4.1 Klarna’s Credit Services
The following Services involve us giving you a credit: Pay later (such as invoice, or Pay In 4) and Financing, as well as Klarna Card and the One-Time Card (both available in the Klarna App). To provide these Services, we do a credit assessment of you. The credit assessment is based on contact and identification information you have provided, information about the interactions between you and Klarna, and credit information, which includes information obtained from credit reporting bodies, such as your income and repayment history information. You can read more about our use of credit reporting bodies in Section 8 below.
The Klarna Card and One-Time Card
When you apply for the Klarna Card and the One-Time Card (available in the Klarna App), Klarna conducts a credit assessment of you, as we do for our other credit Services. If you have the Klarna Card, Klarna then continuously updates our credit assessment of you based on your interactions with Klarna.
We share information about you and the purchases you make when using the Klarna card with VISA and members of the VISA card network, as far as this is necessary to carry out the card transactions, prevent fraud, and follow applicable rules. If you renew your Klarna Card or receive a new one, we will transfer this information to VISA in order for VISA to inform third parties with whom you have stored your card details (for example for recurring transactions).
If you add your Klarna Card to a digital wallet, we may need to share your information with the digital wallet provider, in line with that provider’s privacy policy.
4.2 The Klarna User Experience Delivered under the Klarna Shopping Services Terms
To be able to deliver a smooth user experience, both before and after you have completed a purchase, Klarna offers the Services described below, and which are also described in more detail in the Klarna Services Terms. The use of these Services involves the following handling of your personal information:
Historical Transactions
We save information about the goods or services you purchase using our Services, or otherwise choose to give us access to, in order to display this information to you.
Autofill of your Information.
When we are able to identify you, we may autofill some information about you in the purchase flow, such as name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth and card details. The autofill is based on the information stored on your Klarna Profile. An example of when autofill is used is when you shop directly from the Klarna App.
Offers and Benefits
To be able to offer you benefits such as discounts, special events, pre-access to products, sales promotions, store offerings, sampling, giveaways, etc, we look at information about the interactions between you and Klarna (such as the number of purchases under a certain time period), your contact- and identification information, information on goods or services, and information about the interaction between you and stores.
The information will form the basis for Klarna’s marketing and customer analytics, business and method development, as well as statistics.
Within the offers and benefits program, Klarna and Klarna’s suppliers and subcontractors (on Klarna’s behalf), may use this information to communicate with you and deliver offers and benefits, via physical mail, text messages, email, social media and other digital channels. Klarna and its suppliers and subcontractors will not use any direct marketing channel for this purpose (e.g. email or text-messages) if you have opted out from direct marketing.
You can opt out from offers and benefits either by deregistering using the link provided in each email from us, or by contacting us, see Section 15 below.
Klarna App
If you use the Klarna App, additional personal information (for example information uploaded by you) will be handled to provide the Services you choose to use within the Klarna App, as set out below. Furthermore, when you choose to redeem rewards or take part in specific deals, the providers of such offers may be able to deduce you use Klarna’s services. The personalisation of content forms an indivisible part of the Klarna App as an online shopping assistant.
Personalized articles and ads:
you will be able to see personalized articles and ads based on your previous purchases, contact and identification information, information on goods or services, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, and information about the interaction between you and stores, device information and service-specific information.
Sponsored links:
if you click on a link that is sponsored that promotes a product or service from a store you will be redirected to the store’s website through a third party, a so-called “affiliate network” (further explained in Section 6). The affiliate network might place a tracking technology on your device that contains the information that you clicked on a sponsored link in the Klarna App which is then used to track your visit to a store in order to calculate a potential commission to Klarna.
Personalized Klarna overview:
an overview is displayed, where you can view the status of your Klarna purchases and view your purchase history, access potential refunds, settle payments and extend your payment terms.
Curated shopping collections:
If you have shared with us information about what topics, products and services you are generally interested in, we will use this information to provide you with personalized shopping collections, where you may find products and services tailored to your interests.
Delivery and parcel tracking:
you may in some cases be able to track the route of your parcel.
Possibility to “follow” stores:
if you choose to “follow” a store, you receive information about campaigns connected to that store. Klarna will then automatically assess whether your purchases entitles you to discounts or other offers within that store’s ongoing campaign.
Credit Services:
we may offer you credit based on previous purchases.
Shopping with the  One-Time Card:
shopping through the Klarna App is a way of using Klarna’s payment methods in almost any store, through a One-Time Card. When you use the One-Time Card, Klarna will collect information about your purchases and show them in the app.
Customer service:
when you contact the Klarna customer service through the Klarna App we will have access to the information you provide.
The in-app web browser:
The Klarna App contains a web browser in which you may access stores’ websites and online shops in order to then shop using Klarna’s payment methods also with stores that do not yet use our payment methods. Klarna collects information about how you use the browser in order to provide you with relevant deals and offers. Furthermore, websites you visit may set their own cookies and other tracking technologies on your device.
Wishlist:
You can choose to add products and services in the Klarna App to your Wishlist, in order to find them later, or track their prices. You may also share your Wishlist with other people such as friends and family, and they will then be able to see your profile picture and profile name. In some cases, if you are logged in to a store’s website, the link to a product or service you choose to add to your Wishlist may include personal information about you from that website, such as your email address.
Profile picture:
You can choose to upload a profile picture in the Klarna App, in which case this picture may be shown in various Klarna interfaces (for example in the checkout of a store that uses Klarna, or in the Klarna App). Klarna’s interfaces may also be embedded in stores’ apps. The picture may also be shown to others if you share your device with others (while using autofill through cookies), or if you choose to share content from your Klarna App with others. You may at any time erase your picture in the App or by contacting us.
Browser Extension
If you use our browser extension, Klarna will process your data to deliver the service, which includes processing information about which websites/web domains you visit. Klarna processes information about the ecommerce websites/web domains you visit in order to identify deals, offer points and provide you with customised offers in the Klarna browser extension and mobile application. This processing is also done to allow you to create One-Time Cards directly in your browser on websites where this service is enabled. Information about non-ecommerce websites/web domains visited will not be stored by Klarna. Sensitive information gathered from you will not be used for any purpose other than to show you the current website in the browser. Websites you visit may also set their own cookies and other tracking technologies on your device.
Personalized articles and ads:
you will be able to see personalized articles and ads based on your previous purchases, contact and identification information, information on goods or services, information about the interaction between you and Klarna, and information about the interaction between you and stores, device information and service-specific information.
Links that are sponsored:
if you click on a link that is sponsored that promotes a product or service from a store you will be redirected to the store’s website through a third party, a so-called “affiliate network.” The affiliate network might place a tracking technology on your device that contains the information that you clicked on a sponsored link in the browser extension, which is then used to track your visit to a store in order to calculate a potential commission to Klarna.
Personalized Klarna overview:
an overview is displayed, where you can view the status of your Klarna purchases and view your purchase history, access potential refunds, settle payments and extend your payment terms.
Curated shopping collections:
If you have shared with us information about what topics, products and services you are generally interested in, we will use this information to provide you with personalized shopping collections, where you may find products and services tailored to your interests.
Delivery and parcel tracking:
you may in some cases be able to track the route of your parcel.
Possibility to “follow” stores:
if you choose to “follow” a store, you receive information about campaigns connected to that store. Klarna will then automatically assess whether your purchases entitles you to discounts or other offers within that store’s ongoing campaign.
Credit Services:
we may offer you credit based on previous purchases.
Shopping with the One-Time Card:
shopping through the browser extension is a way of using Klarna’s payment methods in almost any store, through a One-Time Card. When you use the One-Time Card, Klarna will collect information about your purchases and show them to you.
Customer service:
when you contact the Klarna customer service through the browser extension we will have access to the information you provide.
Wishlist:
You can choose to add products and services in the browser extension to your Wishlist, in order to find them later, or track their prices. You may also share your Wishlist with other people such as friends and family, and they will then be able to see your profile picture and profile name. In some cases, if you are logged in to a store’s website, the link to a product or service you choose to add to your Wishlist may include personal information about you from that website, such as your email address.
Profile picture:
You can choose to upload a profile picture in the browser extension, in which case this picture may be shown in various Klarna interfaces (for example in the checkout of a store that uses Klarna). Klarna’s interfaces may also be embedded in stores’ apps. The picture may also be shown to others if you share your device with others (while using autofill through cookies), or if you choose to share content from your browser with others. You may at any time erase your picture in the browser extension or by contacting us.
Membership Connect Service
If you use Klarna’s Membership Connect Service, Klarna will process information from your added third-party membership or loyalty card account such as membership information and credentials, points, status, levels, and balance history.
5. Consents and revoking consent for us to use certain personal information
As a condition of providing our credit Services, we will seek your irrevocable consent to disclose your credit information, for example to a credit reporting body (See Section 8 for more information). Without this consent, Klarna may be unable to supply our Services to you.
Furthermore, in certain specific cases where Klarna handles your personal information based on your consent (for example if you submit a Power of Attorney, allowing another individual to access your data, in case you provide us information indicating that you are a vulnerable customer, or in case you upload sensitive information into our Services), you can at any time revoke your consent for us to handle this information, either by contacting us or by deleting your uploaded information in the Klarna App.
6. Who might we share your personal information with?
When we share your personal data, we ensure that the recipient processes it in accordance with this notice, such as by entering into data transfer agreements or data processor agreements with the recipients. We may share your personal information with the categories of recipients listed below. Exactly which recipients we share your personal information with, and for which purposes, will depend on which Service you use. When we share your personal information, we take all reasonable contractual, legal, technical, and organisational measures to ensure that your personal information is treated with an adequate level of protection and in accordance with applicable law.
6.1 Suppliers and subcontractors
Klarna may share personal information with the suppliers and subcontractors we use in order to provide our Services to you. Examples of such suppliers and subcontractors are software- and data storage providers, payment processing services, and business consultants.
6.2 Stores
Klarna shares personal information with the stores you visit or purchase from (which may include the stores’ group companies if you have been informed about this by the store). This is done in order to allow the store to execute and administer your purchase, and administer your relationship with the store or its company group, for example by verifying your identity, send you the goods, manage questions and disputes, send relevant marketing and prevent fraud. The personal information shared with a store will be subject to the store’s privacy policies and practices.
6.3 Payment service providers (“PSPs”), checkout providers, card networks, and Financial Institutions
PSPs (including digital wallets), checkout providers, card networks and financial institutions provide you, stores and Klarna with services for implementing and administering electronic payments through a variety of payment methods including credit card, and bank-based payments such as direct debit, bank transfers, etc. Some stores use PSPs and checkout providers with which they share your information for the processing of payments and purchase. This sharing is done in accordance with the stores’ or the checkout providers’ own privacy policies. The store may also, for the processing and administration of payments, require us to share your information with the PSPs. Some PSPs also receive your information from Klarna, or collect and use your information independently in accordance with their own privacy policies. This is for example the case if you use a digital wallet. In addition, Klarna may share your information with your card network and other financial institutions when managing your payment method or conducting transactions with your account to complete the transactions.
6.4 Credit reporting bodies and suppliers of identity lookups
We may need to verify your identity, for example under anti-money laundry legislation. To do this, we may share your identity information with third parties set out
here
.
If you apply to use a credit Service (see Section 4.1 above for information about our credit Services), we may share your credit information with credit reporting bodies ("CRBs"). Further information on how we collect, use and share your credit information, as well as the rights you have in relation to that credit information is set out in Section 8 below.
6.5 Fraud prevention companies and companies providing identity checks
Your personal information may be shared with fraud prevention companies and companies providing identity checks in order to verify the accuracy of the information you have provided us with, and to prevent fraudulent and criminal activities.
6.6 Klarna group
Your information may be shared with companies within the Klarna group.
6.7 Social media companies
If you contact us through social media such as Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, your information will be recorded and processed by those companies, in accordance with their privacy policies. We might also share your email address and device information when using our Services with social media companies to provide you with personalized ads (retargeting) in accordance with their privacy policies.
6.8 A person holding a power of attorney of your affairs
Klarna will share your information with a person holding a power of attorney from you, allowing the person holding the power of attorney to receive such information. This sharing will be done based on your consent.
6.9 Google
In order to show where your parcel will be delivered on an integrated map in the Klarna mobile application, we share the relevant delivery address with Google. In addition, when you use Google Maps in the checkout (for example by searching for your address in the address field) or the Klarna App, Google will process your information subject to Google Maps’/Google Earth's
Terms of Service
and
Privacy Policy
. Furthermore, when you use the Klarna App (also through a web browser), Google will collect your device information through its reCAPTCHA service implemented there, sometimes combined with any information you enter into the reCAPTCHA service and Klarna will share the phone number used for verification. Google will process this information in line with
its own privacy policy
.
6.10 Authorities
Klarna may disclose necessary information to authorities such as the police, tax agencies or other authorities if we are required to do so by law, or under some circumstances if you have requested us to do so. One example of such legally required disclosures is disclosure for purposes of anti-money laundering and counter terrorist financing.
6.11 Logistics and transportation companies
Klarna may share your information with logistics and transportation companies that deliver the goods you have ordered, if you have opted in to parcel tracking. Examples of information we share are contact- and identification information and tracking number. Please note that the logistics and transportation companies process your information in accordance with their own privacy policies.
6.12 Partners within the Personal Finance Service and the Offers and benefits program
If you choose to take part of offers and benefits which Klarna provides within the Personal Finance Service or through the Offers and benefits program, Klarna may share the personal information that is necessary to enable you to access offers made in cooperation with our partners (this includes the fact that you are a customer of Klarna). Which personal information is shared is presented in connection with every offer.
6.13 Debt Collection Agencies
Klarna may share your information when selling, or assigns to collect, unpaid debts to third parties, e.g. to debt collection agencies. This sharing of personal information is based on our legitimate interest in collecting and selling debts. The debt collection agencies may process your personal information in line with their own privacy policies, or on Klarna’s behalf. The debt collection agencies may also report your unpaid debt to credit reference bodies which may affect your credit rating and your ability to obtain future credit.
6.14 Affiliate Networks
Klarna may share the information that you have clicked on “sponsored links” (i.e. a link that promotes a store, product or service with so-called “affiliate networks”. This sharing takes place when you click on a link that is sponsored as you will then be redirected to the store’s website through the “affiliate network”. The affiliate network might place a tracking technology on your device that contains the information that you clicked on such a link in one of Klarna’s interfaces, in order to track your visit to a store in order to calculate potential commission to Klarna. The affiliate networks may process your personal information in line with their own privacy notices.
6.15 SIWK Third Party Apps and Services
When you sign in with Klarna (through “SIWK”) at a third-party app store or service, Klarna will share your personal data with the third-party app or service.
6.16 Divestment of business or assets
In the event that Klarna sells or buys any business or assets, Klarna may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Klarna or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information about Klarna’s customers may be disclosed and shared.
7. Do we disclose your personal information outside Australia?
We always strive to store your personal information within Australia. In certain situations, such as when we share your personal information with a Klarna group company or a supplier or subcontractor located outside Australia, your personal information may however be transferred to, and disclosed in, a destination overseas. If the store where you shop is located outside Australia, our sharing of your personal information with the store will also mean that your information is transferred overseas.
We ensure that an adequate level of protection is maintained, and that suitable safeguards are adopted in line with applicable Australian privacy law requirements when we transfer your information outside Australia.
You can find out which countries your information may be sent to
here
.
8. Credit information policy and your rights in relation to your credit information
When you use a credit Service (as described in Section 4.1), we will collect credit information about you. The types of credit information we collect may include information about:
your identity;
the type and amount of credit you have, such as through loans and credit cards and information about applications for credit that you have made where credit providers have requested your information from a credit reporting body (a “CRB”, as defined in Section 6);
your repayment history and defaults; and
whether you have committed fraud or a serious credit infringement.
We will obtain this information in a credit report (including a credit score) about you from a CRB. We will use this information, combined with information we already hold about you, to assess your creditworthiness and to decide whether to offer you credit. We may also use this information to manage our credit arrangements with you including for collection purposes.
If we provide you with a credit Service and you do not meet your repayment obligations, or you commit a serious credit infringement, we may pass this information on to a CRB. CRBs include this information in their reports to assist other credit providers to assess your creditworthiness.
The CRB with which we cooperate in Australia is listed
here
. You can obtain a copy of its privacy policy on its website.
We hold your credit information in the same way as other types of personal information that we hold about you (as described in Section 9 below). We may also share this information with our related bodies corporate and service providers with entities overseas (see Section 7 above).
You may request access to, or correction of, your personal information including credit information. See Section 11 below for more details or Section 12 about how you can make a complaint about our handling of your credit information including any concerns about our failure to comply with the relevant provisions of the Privacy Act 1988 relating to credit information or the Credit Reporting Code.
You also have the following rights in relation to your credit information:
credit providers like us can ask CRBs to use your credit information to pre-screen you for direct marketing purposes. If you do not want CRBs to use your information in this way, you may opt out by contacting us using the details in Section 15 below.
if you think you have been or could be a victim of fraud, you can ask the CRB not to use or disclose your credit reporting information.
9. How do we hold your personal information?
We hold your personal information in a combination of electronic and hard copy files. Electronic information is stored with a third-party data storage provider.
We may combine personal information we receive about you with other information we hold about you. This includes information received from third parties.
We take all reasonable and appropriate steps (including organisational and technological measures) to protect your personal information from misuse, interference and loss, as well as unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Where we store your personal information with a third-party data storage provider, we require them to keep it secure and only use or disclose it for the purpose for which it was provided.
10. How long do we process your personal information?
We will handle your personal information for the time period needed to fulfil the respective purpose of our processing. These purposes are described in this Privacy Policy. This means that even though we stop processing your personal information for one purpose, we may still need to keep your personal information, if the information is needed for another purpose, using it only for that other purpose. In particular:
For as long as you have accepted our
Klarna Shopping Services Terms
, and until you terminate those terms (by contacting us or by instructing us to delete information, for example by way of a right to erasure request), we will process the personal information we need to be able to deliver the Services to you, including but not limited to information relating to your previous purchases.
We may contact you for marketing purposes for up to a year after your last interaction with us, if you have not opted out from this.
We process the personal information included in credit lookups for the purpose of new credit assessments for a time period of 90 days, following the date that the lookup was done.
We process the recordings of telephone conversations for a time period of 90 days for quality assurance purposes.
We will hold personal information for as long as necessary for the purpose of complying with applicable laws, such record keeping requirements under anti-money laundering legislation or bookkeeping laws.
11. Accessing and correcting your personal information
We will endeavour to ensure that the personal information collected from you is up to date, accurate and complete.
You may request access to, or correction of, the personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us using the contact details in Section 15 below. We will need to verify you before meeting your request. Subject to any applicable exceptions or requirements, we will provide you with access to the personal information you request within reasonable time and usually within 30 days. If we decide to refuse your request we will tell you why in writing and how to complain.
You can also access and update certain personal information in the Klarna App.
12. Complaints
You can make a complaint in writing to us using the contact details in Section 15 below. We will need to verify your identity. We will respond to you within a reasonable period of time to acknowledge your complaint and inform you of the next steps we will take in dealing with your complaint.
If you are not satisfied with our response, you may complain to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC) via the OAIC website,
www.oaic.gov.au
. Furthermore, you can always contact the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA) using the contact details below;
www.afca.org.au
Email;
info@afca.org.au
Phone; 1800 931 678 (free call)
Letter; Australian Financial Complaints Authority: GPO Box 3, Melbourne VIC 3001.
13. What about cookies and other tracking technologies?
To deliver a tailored and smoooth experience, we use cookies and similar tracking technologies in our online interfaces, such as our website, the Klarna App, and the checkout of stores that cooperate with Klarna. You can find more information about the tracking technologies we use below and in the respective interface.
Most web browsers enable you to decline or block tracking technologies through the browser settings, and you can also delete any tracking technologies stored on your device at any time. However this may limit certain functionality of our Services.
Tracking technologies in the checkout of a store
Klarna uses cookies in the checkout of a store in order to provide our Services and keep them secure.
Tracking technologies when using the Klarna App
Our App contains various tracking technologies necessary to keep it safe and secure. Furthermore, we also use tracking technologies for analytics purposes, personalisation of content, and marketing. We may also share personal information collected from tracking technologies with advertising networks for marketing purposes.
14. Updates to this Privacy Policy
We constantly work to improve our Service offerings, in order for you to get an even smoother user experience. This includes both changes in existing Services and new Services over time. It’s therefore important that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use a Klarna Service, since the processing of your personal information can differ since you last used one of our Services.
15. Contact details
Klarna Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 82 635 912 579) is located at: Klarna Australia Pty Ltd c/o WeWork Level 14, 5 Martin Place, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia.
Klarna has a special team of customer service specialists for privacy matters. You can always reach them at
dataprotection@klarna.com.au
.
Visit
www.klarna.com/au/
for further information on Klarna.