To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Website Accessibility Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}
Support
About
Careers
Impact
Sustainability
Patient Safety
Contact
Privacy Policy
US Privacy Policy
Environmental Policy
HealthBeacon Privacy Notice
This Privacy
This Privacy Notice is provided by HealthBeacon Limited (“HealthBeacon”) for participants and users of the HealthBeacon program, our electronic smart sharps bin (“HealthBeacon Unit”) and related services, and our website, web portal and mobile application (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Notice covers the collection and use of your personal information in relation to your use of the Services. You should not use these Services if you do not agree to this Privacy Notice. We are firmly committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of your personal information. This Privacy Notice describes how we may use and disclose personal information, and your rights regarding your personal information. In the United States, HealthBeacon may use or disclose personal health information “PHI” to perform functions, activities and services for, provided that such disclosure would not violate the HIPAA Privacy and Security Rules if done by HealthBeacon.
For any medical questions, you must contact your HealthCare Provider.
METHODS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
The personal information we collect and process depends on our relationship with you. We collect personal information directly from you, such as when you (i) input it into our programming forms; (ii) provide it to us over the phone and (iii) sign up to the HealthBeacon program. The information you disclose in connection with the Services is provided strictly on a voluntary basis. HealthBeacon is not responsible for the effects of any incorrect information provided.
We may also collect personal information from third parties. For example, we may collect personal information from service providers that help us to build and maintain our contact lists, that integrate their services into ours, or in other ways work with us for our mutual benefit. We may also collect personal information from you passively. For example, the Services use tracking tools like cookies, pixels, and web beacons to collect usage and browser information. For more information about the trackers that we use, please see the Collection of Cookies and Device Data section of this Notice. Additionally, if you enable location data on your device, this data will be collected based on the location settings on your device.
USES AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect personal information from or about you in order to provide, enhance, market, and offer the Services, and to otherwise communicate with you. This section describes the categories of personal information we may collect. You are not required to give us all the personal information identified in this Privacy Notice; however, if you do not provide requested personal information, we may not be able to provide you with some or all of the Services. The personal information collected as part of the Services may include:
Name.
Age and date of birth.
Gender.
Contact details (phone, address, e-mail, best time to contact).
Contact details of parents, guardians, and authorized agents (name, phone number, email and relation to user).
Healthcare professional, hospital / medical centre details, Details relating to medication being taken and how it is administered.
Details of interactions with the Services, such as missed doses and any technical queries.
Details of interactions with the Service team through the customer care support line and mobile app chat feature, such as individual SMS reminders, records, and email communications
Details of interactions with HealthBeacon staff, including non-medical advice or training information. Information considered relevant by the HealthBeacon team you speak to, including adverse event notifications, complaints, information on clinical trial participation and service requests.
Information related to your use of the Services (as described in the Collection of Cookies and Device Data).
Data that is generated by or through use of the Services (including but not limited to diagnostic data), such as the time stamped image of the injection drop made, the time and date the injection drop was made, the location the injection drop was made, type of medication injection, and frequency and timing of the injections.
Feedback on the Program. Users of the App cannot interact or exchange information with each other.
Users can only directly interact with the HealthBeacon support team through the App.
HOW WILL HEALTHBEACON USE YOUR INFORMATION
Your personal information will be used for:
Program administration, correct use of your HealthBeacon Unit, delivery and collection of products and services;
Reminding you when your medication is due, by SMS text, app notification, chat, phone or email as provided by you based on what was prescribed by your Health Care Professional;
Tailoring the Services to you;
Providing you with information relating to the Services;
Providing you with educational materials and training sessions;
Reviewing calls and mobile app chat content for quality control, service and product improvements and safety reporting purposes;
Storing and managing your personal information on the our mobile application;
Contacting you regarding any issues identified relating to the HealthBeacon services, to inform you of changes and to collect your feedback;
We may disclose your personal information to relevant third parties such as auditors, lawyers, or other professional advisors;
Protection against criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
Responding to reviews, comments, or other feedback provided to us;
Protection of the security and integrity of the Services;
Benchmarking, data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing the Services, facilitating product, software and applications development, improving the Services, conducting research, analysis, studies or surveys, identifying usage trends, as well as for other analytics purposes;
Meeting our contractual requirements;
Responding to inquiries related to employment opportunities; and
Any other lawful purpose for which the personal information is collected
HealthBeacon will not use or disclose your personal information in a manner inconsistent with applicable law and this Privacy Notice.
In the United States, as permitted by HIPAA, we may disclose your PHI to: Public Health Authorities, The Food and Drug Administration, Health Oversight Agencies, Military Command Authorities, National Security and Intelligence Organization, Correctional Institutions, Organ and Tissue Donation Organizations, Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors, Workers Compensation Agents.
Please be aware that we are required as stated in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) of 1996 to notify you in the event of a breach involving your PHI and will do so as required by law. You have the right to obtain a paper copy of this Privacy Policy by written request to the address below.
HOW WILL HEALTHBEACON SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Within HealthBeacon
– We may share your personal information with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and employees.
Service Providers
– When we hire a service provider to help operate the Services or our business, we may allow access to personal information as necessary to perform the service for us. This may include service providers that operate the Services, collect payment, send our communications, or run our promotions.
Business Partners
– We may share personal information with our trusted business partners. For example, we may share your personal information with a company when we co-sponsor a promotion or service. These partners may use your personal information to, among other things, send you information or contact you about their services and products. Individual user location data is not shared however aggregated location data may be shared with HealthBeacon third parties, subject to any agreement HealthBeacon has entered into with that third party.
Third Parties for Marketing Purposes
– To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may share personal information with third parties for purposes of our marketing, advertising, promotions, contests, or other similar purposes. When necessary, we will only share such information in an aggregated and anonymized form.
Legal Obligation or Protection from Harm
– When we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the personal information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy or comply with any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Termsof Use, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, (d) support auditing and compliance functions, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of HealthBeacon, its users, or the public against harm.
Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures
– If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of transfer or sale of some or all of our business, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, personal information may be transferred along with the business. Where legally required we will give you prior notice and, if you have a legal right to do so, an opportunity to object to this transfer.
Purposes Described to You
– We may share your personal information for other purposes, as we describe to you and as permitted by applicable law. This may include sharing your name, date of birth, contact details (postal address, phone number and email address) and injection drop data with your healthcare professional, if you have consented to participation in a relevant program.
WHAT IS THE LEGAL JUSTIFICATION FOR OUR USE OF THE DATA?
We may be required to obtain personal information from you to comply with applicable legal requirements, and certain data may be needed to enable us to fulfil the terms of our contract with you, or in preparation of entering into a contract with you. If you do not provide the relevant data to us, we may not be able to provide our products and benefits to you. In the circumstances where we need your consent to collect and process your personal information, we will ask for such consent. We may need to collect, use and disclose personal information in connection with matters of important public interest, for instance when complying with our legal obligations.
COLLECTION OF COOKIES AND DEVICE DATA
Along with our third-party service providers we may collect user and device data in a variety of ways when you use HealthBeacon services including:
internet browser and electronic device information
app usage data
data grouped together so that it is not possible to link the data to an individual, known as aggregated data.
cookies and other tracking technologies including log files, pixel tags, web bugs, web beacons, clear GIFs, Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash or other similar technologies The below information may be aggregated and anonymized and used as described in this Privacy Notice.
Methods of Data Collection
Examples
Through your internet browser or electronic device
Certain information is collected by most websites or automatically through your electronic device, such as your IP address (i.e. your computer’s address on the internet), internet browser type and version, electronic device manufacturer and model, language, time of the visit, pages visited, and the name and version of the Services (such as the Firmware revision) you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Through your use of an App or Web Portal
When you download and use our mobile application and web portal, we and our service providers may track and collect usage data, such as the date and time your electronic device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded based on your device number.
Using cookies and online tracking
To make some of our Services work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most websites do this. You can refuse to accept the cookies we use by adjusting your browser settings. However, if you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Services and some online products. We currently do not respond to browser do not track signals.
Location Data
While navigating the Services, your mobile device or browser may share your location data, both through WiFi and GPS, and IP address or MAC address. We will collect this information based on the settings of your phone and browser.
In some circumstances, location may become personal information if you are identifiable in relation to the location data. In such cases, the location data will be handled as personal information as described in the earlier sections of this Privacy Notice.
By aggregating information
We may group information together so that it does not link to a specific individual, i.e. aggregate, and use that information (for example, we may aggregate information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. For more information about cookies visit:
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
.
To assist us with analyzing our website traffic through cookies and similar technologies, we use analytics services such as Google Analytics. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information, please see “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services.” You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on.
These cookies may be placed by us (first-party) or by a third party. These cookies may also be Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies expire when you close your browser or turn off your device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn off device.
We may use a variety of cookies:
Type of Cookies
Description
Required
Required cookies are essential for the operation of the Services. They include, for example, cookies that allow you to access and use secure areas of the Services.
Functionality
Functionality cookies allow the Services to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Services after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Performance
These cookies collect information about how you use the Services, including which pages you go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Services function and perform.
Targeting or Advertising
From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Services. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Services. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be reassociated with personal information after we receive it. By way of example, as you visit the Services, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Services. Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Services or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default. You can also accept, or block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to reject all or some cookies, or by changing your cookie preferences via the Services. The help and support area on your internet browser should have instructions on how to block or delete cookies. Some web browsers (including some mobile web browsers) provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you to when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, you may not have access to all of the features available through the Services.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on your choices regarding use of your web browsing activity for interest-based advertising you may visit the following sites:
networkadvertising.org
optout.aboutads.info
youradchoices.com
youronlinechoices.eu
On a mobile device, you may also adjust your settings to permit or limit ad tracking.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIRD PARTY SERVICES ACCESSED VIA HEALTHBEACON DIGITAL SERVICES?
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which our Services link.
The inclusion of a link on our Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our group companies. Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the information security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, Apple®, Google®, Microsoft®, RIM/Blackberry® or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or electronic device manufacturer, including any personal information you provide them.
CALL MONITORING AND COMMUNICATIONS
To ensure that we can meet the needs of our members we may record telephone calls to:
Improve the standard of service that we provide by providing our team with feedback and training
Address queries, concerns or complaints
Prevent, detect and investigate crime, including fraud and money laundering, and analyse and manage other commercial risks
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
We may also monitor electronic communications between us (for example, emails) to protect you, our business and IT infrastructure, and third parties. This monitoring may include identifying and dealing with inappropriate communications, looking for and removing any viruses, or other malware, and resolving any other information security issues.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Services are meant for adults, and we will not knowingly collect personal information from any person under the age of 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. The Services is not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to us by any person under the age of 13. Individuals under the age of 18 should consult with their parent or guardian about the use of the Services for their benefit. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can email us at
support@healthbeacon.com
. Please mark your inquiries “COPPA Inquiry.”
YOUR CHOICES
Depending on where you are located, you may have certain choices about how we use your personal information. To opt-out of marketing communications please email us at
support@healthbeacon.com
or by following the instructions included in the email or text correspondence. To exercise other rights with respect to your personal information, please contact us using the information in this Privacy Notice.
Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain correspondence, we may still need to contact you with important transactional or administrative information, as permitted by law. Additionally, if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain personal information, we may be unable to provide some or all of the Services to you.
DURATION OF PROCESSING
HealthBeacon will use, process, and store personal information only for so long as you require us, or as legally required by set retention periods. As a company recording medical records, there are laws and regulations that apply to us which set minimum periods for retention of personal information.
For example: Where we hold personal information to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, we will keep the information for at least as long as is required to comply with that obligation. Where we hold personal information in order to provide a product or service (such as a HealthBeacon), we will keep the information for at least as long as we provide the product or service. For further information about the period of time for which we retain your personal information, please contact us.
COMPELLED AND NECESSARY DISCLOSURES
In certain circumstances, we may be legally compelled to release your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation
HOW YOU CAN CORRECT/ UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You can correct or update your personal information at any time by calling the HealthBeacon Customer Care Team using the phone number on the back of your HealthBeacon Unit.
RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to any applicable business, legal, or regulatory requirements, we securely destroy personal information when it is no longer required to fulfil our services and commitments to you or to enforce our rights or meet our obligations.
WHERE DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We process and store personal information both inside the United States and overseas. If you live outside of the United States, be advised that we may transfer your personal information to the United States and other countries, whose laws may not provide the same protections as the laws in your country. For information related to how we process, store, and transfer personal information of individuals in the European Union and United Kingdom, please review the “Information for Individuals in the EU and UK” section below.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA SECURE?
Information security is extremely important to us. HealthBeacon uses appropriate technical, physical, legal and organisational measures, which comply with data protection laws to keep personal information secure. If, despite our efforts, you believe that personal information is no longer secure, please tell us so that we can resolve any security issue.
As most of the personal information we maintain is stored electronically, we have implemented appropriate IT security measures to ensure this personal information is kept secure. For example, we may use anti-virus protection systems, firewalls, and data encryption technologies. We have procedures in place at our premises to keep any hard copy records physically secure. Our HealthBeacon team receives regular training on data protection and information security.
When HealthBeacon engages a third party (including our service providers) to collect or otherwise process personal information on our behalf, the third party will be selected carefully and required to use appropriate security measures to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or electronic data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any personal information you might have sent to us has been compromised), please contact us immediately.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California enacted A.B. 370, amending the California Online Privacy Protection Act to require website operators like us to disclose how we respond to “Do Not Track Signals”; and whether third parties collect personally identifiable information about users when they visit us.
(1) We do not track users, who do not interact with its sharing functionality across the web, and therefore do not use “do not track” signals.
(2) We do not authorize the collection of personally identifiable information from our users for third party use through advertising technologies without separate member consent.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 also permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to quality@healthbeacon.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.
To the extent you are a California resident and your “Personal Information” is subject to the CCPA, this Section applies to our collection and use of Personal Information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”). This Section describes (1) the categories of Personal Information, collected and disclosed by us, subject to CCPA, (2) your privacy rights under CCPA, and (3) how to exercise your rights.
When we use the term “Personal Information” in the context of the CCPA, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household.
If you would like to receive a copy of this Section in an alternate format (e.g., printable) or language, please contact us at
support@healthbeacon.com
.
A. Categories of Personal Information Collected, Used, and Shared
In accordance with California law, we may have collected and share the following categories of Personal Information within the past 12 months:
Identifiers – A real name, Internet Protocol address, email address, and other types of online identifiers.
Personal Information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) – e.g., a name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some Personal Information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Internet or other similar network activity – Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data – Physical location or movements.
Commercial information – Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law – Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Professional or employment-related information – Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
We share each of these categories of Personal Information with our service providers to the extent necessary for them to facilitate our business purposes. We also share this Personal Information for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice.
B.  Your California privacy rights
If you are a resident of California and your “Personal Information” is subject to the CCPA, you may have the following rights:
Privacy Right
Description
Notice
The right to be notified of what categories of Personal Information will be collected at or before the point of collection and the purposes for which they will be used and shared
Access
The right to request the categories of Personal Information that we collected in the previous twelve (12) months, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information was collected, the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you, and the business purposes for which such Personal Information is collected and shared. You may also have the right to request the categories of Personal Information which were disclosed for business purposes, and the categories of third parties in the twelve (12) months preceding your request for your Personal Information.
Data Portability
The right to receive the Personal Information you previously have provided to us.
Erasure
The right to have your Personal Information deleted. However, please be aware that we may not fulfill your request for deletion if we (or our service provider(s)) are required or permitted to retain your Personal Information for one or more of the following categories of purposes: (1) to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or complete a contract between us and you; (2) to ensure our website integrity, security, and functionality; (3) to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law (including free speech rights); or (4) to otherwise use your Personal Information internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided it.
To Opt Out
The right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information.
If you would like to exercise your rights listed above, please send (or have your authorized agent send) an email to
support@healthbeacon.com
or call us toll-free at: (857) 302-4872. Please note: you will not be discriminated against in any way by virtue of your exercise of the rights listed below, which means we will not deny goods or services to you, provide a different prices or rates for goods or services to you, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you. We must verify your identity before fulfilling your requests. If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any Personal Information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identitywill solely be used for the purpose of verification. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a California consumer, we will also need to verify your identity, which may require proof of your written authorization or evidence of a power of attorney.
We may deny certain requests, or only fulfil some in part, as permitted or required by law. For example, if you request to delete Personal Information, we may retain Personal Information that we need to retain for legal purposes (e.g., tax accounting). You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by any business when you exercise your California privacy rights.
INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EU AND UK
In accordance with European and UK law (collectively, the “GDPR”), individuals in the EU and UK may have additional rights relating to the collection and processing of personal information.
BASIS FOR PROCESSING
Our legal basis for processing the personal information described in this Notice will depend on the personal information concerned and the context in which we process it. We process personal information from you:
where we need it to perform a contract with you;
where the processing is in our legitimate interests (including the purposes described, above, in How We Use Personal Information);
where the processing is necessary for us to meet our applicable legal obligations; or
if we otherwise have your consent.
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to:
Request access to your personal information.
Request correction of your personal information.
Request erasure of your personal information. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal information.
Request restriction of processing of your personal information.
Request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or would like further information, please contact us at
support@healthbeacon.com
or write to use using the address in the “Contacting HealthBeacon” section below. Depending on the nature of your request, we may need to verify your identity. Depending on where you are located, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority or other regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information. We encourage you to first reach out to us at
support@healthbeacon.com
or using the address in the “Contacting HealthBeacon” section below, so we have an opportunity to address your concerns directly before you do so.
RESPONSIBLE DISCLOSURE GUIDELINES
Security issues should be disclosed to quality@healthbeacon.com. We will investigate legitimate security reports and respond within 1-2 business days, and make every effort to quickly correct any issues, while following applicable laws and regulations. If you identify a security issue you should not modify or access data that does not belong to you.
WHEN WAS THE PRIVACY NOTICE LAST UPDATED?
This Privacy Notice was last updated in August 2022. We review this Privacy Notice regularly and reserve the right to make changes at any time to take account of changes in our business activities, legal requirements, and the way we process personal information. We will place updates on this website and where appropriate we will give reasonable notice of any changes.
CONTACTING HEALTHBEACON
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, or the privacy practices of HealthBeacon please email us at
support@healthbeacon.com
or write to us at:
HealthBeacon Limited, 423 West Broadway, Ste 301, South Boston, MA 02127
If you are in the European Union and UK, you may contact us at:
HealthBeacon Limited, Naas Road Business Park, 20 Muirfield Dr, Inchicore, Dublin, Ireland.
If you are contacting us to exercise your rights with respect to your personal information as detailed in this Privacy Notice, we ask you to please adhere to the following guidelines:
Tell Us Which Right You Are Exercising: Specify which right you want to exercise and the personal information to which your request relates (if not to you). If you are acting on behalf of another consumer, please clearly indicate this fact and your authority to act on such consumer’s behalf;
Help Us Verify Your Identity: Provide us enough information to verify your identity. For example, provide us (at a minimum) your full name, address, and phone number. Please note that if we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. Any personal information you disclose to us for purposes of verifying your identity will solely be used for the purpose of verification.
Direct Our Response Delivery: Inform us of the delivery mechanism with which you prefer to receive our response. You may specify, for example, email, mail, or through your account (if you have one with us).
Please note that you don’t need to create an account with us in order to make a request to exercise your rights hereunder.
Data Protection Officer
Siobhan Linden
Siobhan.linden@healthbeacon.com
Manage consent
Manage consent