Privacy Policy
ShutEye Ltd (“we”, “us”, “our”) believe that transparency is the key to
        any healthy relationship. We appreciate that you trust us with
        information about you, and we want to be transparent about how we use
        it.
This privacy policy (“notice”) describes how your personal data is
        processed by ShutEye (“the app”, “the services”) and us. You will learn
        about the data we collect, how we use it, your rights, and the measures
        we take to keep it safe. We always make sure that your data is protected
        in accordance with applicable legislation.
You own your personal data. Therefore, we offer you several ways to
        control the privacy of your personal information and we are constantly
        striving to improve the functions and features needed in order for you
        to be in control.
We will process your personal data only in accordance with your consent
        and applicable legislation, such as the GDPR. We are not the data
        controller for personal data that is processed locally on your device.
If you have any questions, or feel you need any part of this notice
        explained, please contact us.
General information about the app
When using the app, you will enter certain personal data into the app
        (such as your email address, when you go to bed and wake up, etc.), some
        personal data will be collected through your device’s accelerometer
        (such as your movements), microphone (such as snoring or other noises),
        camera (pulse), or device location (for weather and sleep location
        statistics), and some personal data will be derived (such as sleep
        efficiency and sleep quality).
Depending on what personal data you choose to provide, the data
        processed within the app may, alone or together with other data,
        indicate information about your health. Personal data, including health
        data, may also be collected from other sources. You have control over
        what data are stored and accessed between the different apps and you can
        modify these settings at any time.
Additionally, if you create or log into your account through a social
        media service account, we will have access to certain information from
        that account, such as your name and other account information, in
        accordance with the authorization procedures set by that social media
        service.
Please note that this notice does not apply to third party products or
        services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control,
        including other companies you might interact with, in or through the
        app, unless indicated otherwise. We will not be responsible or liable
        for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such third party apps or sites
        (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such third
        party apps or sites; or (iii) your use of any such third party apps or
        sites.
What important permissions we request on Android device?
Here we explain all important permissions that our app requests.These
        permissions are necessary for our app to perform certain features.
1.Record audio
Track your sleep status to generate your sleep curves.
What kinds of information do we collect?
To provide service, we must process some information about you. The
        types of information we collect depends on how you use ShutEye. You can
        learn how to access and delete information we collect at contacting our
        feedback e-mail.
Things you do and provide
Your usage. We collect information about how you use ShutEye, such as
        the types of content you listened; the features you use; the actions you
        take; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities. For
        example, we log when you’re using and have last used ShutEye, and what
        content you view on ShutEye. We also collect information about how you
        use features like our sleep tracker.
Networks and connections. We collect information about the accounts you
        are connected to and how you interact with them across ShutEye, such as
        you share your Gift Code with whom.
Information about transactions made on ShutEye. If you use ShutEye for
        purchase, we collect information about the purchase or transaction. This
        includes payment information, such as your credit or debit card number
        and other card information; other account and authentication
        information; and billing, shiping and contact details.
Device Information
As described below, we collect information from and about the computers,
        phones and other web-connected devices you use that integrate with our
        Products, and we combine this information across different devices you
        use. For example, we use information collected about your use of our
        Products on your phone to better personalize the content or features you
        see when you use our Products on another device, such as your laptop or
        tablet.
Information we obtain from these devices includes:
Device attributes: information such as the operating system, hardware
          and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available
          storage space.
Device operations: information about operations and behaviors
          performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or
          backgrounded.
Identifiers: unique identifiers, device IDs.
Device signals: Bluetooth signals, and information about nearby Wi-Fi
          access points, beacons, and cell towers.
Data from device settings: information you allow us to receive through
          device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location,
          camera or photos.
Network and connections: information such as the name of your mobile
          operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address,
          connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices
          that are nearby or on your network, so we can do things like help you
          stream a audio from your phone to your TV.
Information from partners.
Service Providers(like Facebook) can send us information through
        business tools we use, including our Facebook Login, our APIs and SDKs.
How is your data used
Managing our relationship with you
We are delighted that you have chosen our app to get better insights
        into how you sleep and thereby hopefully improve your sleep quality. To
        manage our relationship and provide the app and thereto related services
        in a satisfactory and error free manner, we need to process your
        personal data. Please find more detailed information on how we process
        your data when we manage our relationship, below.
Why we process this data
Description
The personal data we process
Where we got it from
Legal basis for doing so
How long will we keep your data?
Create and manage your user account
If you create a user account, we will process the data you have
                provided in order to create, maintain and manage your account.
Name, email address, password.
You.
Our agreement with you (GDPR art 6.1(b)). If you do not provide
                the data, you will not be able to create an account.
One (1) year after your last activity.
Manage payments and returns
Payments and returns are handled by iTunes and Google Play. If
                you have registered your email address in the app, we will
                receive information on your payments and returns.This data will
                also be kept for bookkeeping purposes.
Active subscription and returns.
iTunes or Google Play.
Our agreement with you (GDPR art 6.1(b)).
One (1) plus seven (7) years.
Provide customer support
If you have any questions or problems with the app, you can
                contact our customer support team who will help you with any
                questions or problems you may have.
Primarily, we will only process technical data (e.g. IP
                addresses, timestamps, log files, device type and operating
                system).Only in limited situations, additional information
                (including health data) may be required to resolve the issue.
You/the app.
Technical data is processed based on our agreement with you
                (GDPR, art 6.1(b)). In most cases, we need to process this data
                to be able to help you with your request.Health data is
                processed based on your consent (GDPR, art 6.1(a) and art
                9.2(a)).
We will delete or anonymise the data as soon as the support
                ticket is resolved.
Marketing and communication
To send you notifications and respond to you when you contact
                us. If you have agreed to receiving e-mails from us, we may send
                you service and marketing related notices. If you want, you can
                unsubscribe to all our e-mails at any point. The information
                about how you unsubscribe is always presented in the email
                you’ve received.
Email address.
You.
Legitimate interest assessment (GDPR, art 6.1(f)).We assess that
                our legitimate interest to communicate with you outweighs the
                potential (but unlikely) impact this may have on your rights and
                freedoms. For more information on this particular balancing
                test, please contact us.
Until you opt-out from communication via email, or one (1) year
                after our relationship has ended.
Improve and personalize the services and to develop new ones
We may use your data to troubleshoot and protect against errors;
                perform data analysis and testing; conduct research and surveys;
                and develop new features and services.
Technical data (e.g. IP addresses, timestamps, log files, device
                type and operating system). For this purpose we may also process
                your location data.
You/the app.
We will only do this if we find that this use is compatible with
                the purpose for which the data was originally collected. If so,
                we will rely on the original legal basis.
Three (3) years from collection.
Respond to legal requests/requirements
We may preserve or disclose information about you to comply with
                a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to
                assert legal rights or defend against legal claims; or to
                prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse,
                violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the app
                or the physical safety of any person.
All data in the app.
You/the app.
Use for this purpose is, by definition, compatible with the
                original purpose and no separate legal basis is
                required.Furthermore, any health data covered by the request
                which is necessary to process in order to establish, exercise or
                defend legal claims or whenever a court is acting in its
                judicial capacity will also be processed (GDPR; art 9.2(f)).
As long as we have to to establish, exercise or defend the claim
                in question.
Personalize your online experience and the advertisements you see
We use different technologies to collect information, including cookies
        and web beacons. to collect information about your use of the app and
        other websites and online services, including your IP address, device
        identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time
        spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information.
        This information may be used by us and others to, among other things,
        analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content,
        deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the app
        and other websites and online services, and better understand your
        online activity. For more information about interest-based ads,
        including to use ad industry tools to opt out of having your web
        browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please
        visit
www.aboutads.nfo/choices
(if you are in the EU, please visit
www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Your mobile device should also include a feature that allows you to
        opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for
        behavioral advertising purposes.
Store your sleep data on our servers
To protect your health data (i.e. sleep data) from loss you can choose
        to use our backup service by creating an account in the app. Then, we
        ensure that your health data are saved even if something would happen to
        the app on your device. We will store all the data available in the app
        on our secure servers, hosted by Amazon Web Services, Inc. (Learn more
        about Amazon Web Services under “How we share your personal data and who
        we share it with”.)
We will keep your health data in the backup until you withdraw your
        consent by deleting your account in the app. If you withdraw your
        consent we will immediately delete or anonymise your health data. If you
        unsubscribe to the app, we will keep your data for up to one (1) year,
        in case you change your mind within this period of time and want to
        start a new subscription. We will delete or anonymise your data one (1)
        year after your unsubscription.
As you may understand, this means that your data may be processed both
        within the United States, as well as in other locations outside the
        United States. In addition, your data will generally be encrypted during
        transit and rest, and the data stored bv us and Amazon Web Services will
        be pseudonymised.
Protect the rights and property of us and others
In some scenarios, we may use your data and personal information to
        detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other
        illegal activities so as to protect the rights and property of us and
        others, including to enforce our agreements and policies. If you feel
        your transaction was declined in error, please contact us for assistance
        at shuteye_support@enerjoy.life.
Promote the app or enable campaigns
With your consent, we may use your personal information to facilitate
        contests, sweepstakes, and promotions and process and deliver entries
        and rewards. You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by
        following the instructions in those emails or by logging into your
        account. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails,
        such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
How we share your personal data and who we share it with
We also use other service providers that may process your data on our
        behalf. When we communicate with you, for example via e-mail, your
        e-mail address may be transferred to Microsoft, who provide e-mail and
        communication services.
Your rights
You can exercise many of your rights directly in the app or on your
        device. You are always welcome to contact us directly and we will help
        you with your request.
Right to information and access
You have the right to know if we process personal data about you. If we
        do, you also have the right to receive information about the personal
        data we process and why we do it. You also have the right to receive a
        copy of all personal data we have about you.
If you are interested in specific information, please indicate it in
        your request. For example, you can specify if you are interested in a
        certain type of information (e.g. what contact and identification
        information we have about you) or if you want information from a certain
        time period.
Right to have erroneous data corrected
If the data we hold about you are incorrect, you have the right to have
        it corrected. You also have the right to supplement incomplete
        information with additional information that may be needed for the
        information to be correct.
Once we have corrected your data, or it has been supplemented, we will
        inform those we have shared your data with about the update, provided
        that it is not impossible or too cumbersome. If you ask us, we will also
        tell you who we have shared your data with.
If you request to have data corrected, you also have the right to
        request that we limit our processing during the time we investigate the
        matter.
Right to have data deleted
In some cases, you have the right to have your data deleted. You have
        the right to have your data deleted if:
The data is no longer needed for the purposes for which we collected
          it,
You withdraw your consent, if applicable,
The data is used for direct marketing and you unsubscribe from it,
You oppose use that is based on our legitimate interest and we cannot
          show compelling grounds that outweigh your interests,
The personal data has been used illegally, or
Deletion is required to fulfill a legal obligation.
You can delete specific data points, for example sleep sessions or
        comments posted by yourself, directly in the app. If you are not using
        the online backup services you can simply just uninstall the app in
        order to remove any stored data. If you choose to delete your account
        (or if you withdraw your consent), please note that while most of your
        information will be deleted within a few days, it may take up to thirty
        (30) days to delete all of your information, like the data stored in our
        backup systems. We may preserve data for legal reasons or to prevent
        harm.
If we delete data following your request, we will also inform those we
        have shared your data with, provided that it is not impossible or too
        cumbersome. If you ask us, we will also tell you who we have shared your
        data with.
Objecting to data use
You have the right to object to processing that is based on our
        legitimate interest. If you object to the use, we will, based on your
        particular situation, evaluate if our interests in using the data
        outweigh your interests in the data not being used for that purpose. If
        we are unable to provide compelling legitimate grounds that outweigh
        yours, we will stop using the data you object to – provided we do not
        have to use the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. If
        you object to the use, you also have the right to request that we
        restrict our use during the time we investigate the matter.
You always have the right to object to, and thus unsubscribe from,
        direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent
You have the right to withdraw your consent for a specific processing at
        any time. You can withdraw your consent in the privacy settings by
        contacting us at shuteye_support@enerjoy.life.
Your withdrawal will not affect processing that has already been carried
        out.
Right to turn off mobile push notifications/alerts
With your consent, we send promotional and other push notifications to
        your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by
        changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Right to request restriction
Restriction means that the data is marked so that it may only be used
        for certain limited purposes. The right to restriction applies:
When you believe the data are incorrect and you have requested
          correction. If so, you can also request that we limit our use while we
          investigate if the data are correct or not.
If the use is illegal but you do not want the data to be deleted.
When we no longer need the data for the purposes for which we
          collected it, but you need it to be able to establish, assert or
          defend legal claims.
If you object to the use. If so, you can request that we limit our use
          while we investigate if our interest in processing your data outweighs
          your interests.
Even if you have requested that we restrict our use of your data, we may
        also use the information for reasons relating to an important public
        interest.
Our policies for children
We appreciate the importance of taking additional measures to protect
        children’s privacy.
We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of
        18. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 uses
        the app please contact us and we will endeavor to delete that
        information from our databases.
Changes to privacy notice
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If
        we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of
        the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice
        (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a
        notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever
        you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed
        about our information practices and the choices available to you.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding your personal information, as
        described below.
Access: You have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that
        we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used,
        disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal
        information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your
        personal information. How to Submit a Request. To submit an access or
        deletion request, email us at shuteye_support@enerjoy.life. To opt-out
        of the sale of your personal information, email us at
        shuteye_support@enerjoy.life.
Additional Information. If you choose to exercise any of your rights
        under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory
        treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may
        charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.
Facebook Data Deletion Instructions
ShutEye is a Facebook login app. Below are the Facebook Data Deletion
        Instructions.
If you want to delete your activities for ShutEye, you can remove your
        information by following these steps:
Go to Your Facebook Account’s Setting & Privacy. Click ” Setting “.
Then, go to ” Apps and Websites” and you will see all of your Apps
        activities.
Select the option box of ShutEye.
Click the ” Remove” button.
Click the Removed sub-tab and click on ShutEye.
Copy the User ID and email it to shuteye_support@enerjoy.life for a
        request of data deletion.
Right to Know and Right to Delete
For any of the personal information described above, you can request to
        know what personal information we collected, disclosed and used, and
        request that we delete your personal information at any time.
To exercise your right to know and right to deletion, please submit a
        request by emailing shuteye_support@enerjoy.life. We will need to verify
        your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your
        identity, we will generally require the matching of sufficient
        information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in
        our systems.
Upon verification of your request, we will delete (and direct our
        service providers to delete) your personal information from our records.
Contact information
E-mail address: shuteye_support@enerjoy.life
Versions in other languages than English
The original version of this Privacy Notice is written in English. To
        the extent a translated version of the Privacy Notice is in conflict
        with the English version, the English version shall prevail.