Privacy agreement
The public letter respects and protects the privacy of users. This Privacy Policy will tell you how we collect and use information about you and how we protect it. Be sure to read this Privacy Policy and agree to all privacy terms before you become a public letter user. The terms of this Privacy Policy are effective immediately upon your registration as a Public Credit User and are binding on you and the public letter.
First, the user information we may collect
The following information about you may be collected, stored and used when we provide services. If you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to register as a user or enjoy some of the services we offer, or you may not be able to achieve the desired results of the service.
Information you provide
Relevant personal information that you provide to us when registering for an account or using our services, such as phone number, ID number, bank card number, etc.
The shared information that you provide to other parties through our services and the information that you store when you use our services.
Your information shared by other parties
Information about your sharing provided by other parties when using our services.
The information we obtained from you
When you use the service, we may collect the following information:
Log information, which refers to technical information that may be automatically collected by cookies, web beacons, or other means when you use our services, including: device or software information, such as your mobile device, web browser, or access to us. Configuration information provided by other programs of the service, your IP address and the version and device identifier used by the mobile device; and other information and content details that you are required to provide when using our services.
Location information, which is information about your location that you collect when you turn on device location and use our location-based services. You can stop collecting your location information by turning off location.
Transaction information means that we analyze the transaction data information formed on your public letter platform and form a user credit database.
Your information provided by the partner institution
We will check the identity, contact information, etc. of your personal identity, telecommunications information, address, location, etc. in your credit report through third-party organizations (including but not limited to through the legal credit information agency personal credit information base database and external data). Information and related person information, as well as credits such as personal loans, various types of credit cards and external guarantees, various transaction records formed in commercial activities, personal credit transaction information and public expense payments, illegal and illegal information, and other non-bank information, Get your portrait, work status, income status, family situation, social relationship, recruitment application, and your transaction history and usage information in the public letter.
Second, how we may use user information
Ensure that the products and services we provide to you are secure when we provide services for authentication, customer service, security, fraud monitoring, archiving and backup purposes;
Help us design new services and improve our existing services;
Make us more aware of how you access and use our services to respond to your individual needs in a targeted manner;
Software certification or management software upgrades;
Let you participate in surveys about our products and services.
In order for you to have a better experience, improve our services or other uses that you agree to, we may collect information or personalize the information collected through a certain service, subject to relevant laws and regulations. For our other services. For example, information collected when you use one of our services may be used in another service to provide you with specific content or to show you information that is not universally relevant to you. If we provide the option in the relevant service, you can also authorize us to use the information provided and stored by the service for our other services.
Third, we may share user information with third parties
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
If you fail to repay the principal and interest of the loan, we will contact the public (including but not limited to the lender, contacts updated from time to time in your mobile address book, contacts updated from time to time in the contact phone, and social accounts provided by you. People or groups) disclose your user information;
When other registered users initiate a lawsuit against your breach of contract in a public letter activity, we will wait for the registered user's request to disclose your user information to such registered users;
Provide your user information to these institutions at the request of the administrative and judicial authorities;
When the creditor entrusts collection, provide your user information to the entrusted recipient;
When you apply for related products and services through a public letter platform to a third-party partner institution, we will provide your user information to third parties according to your authorization;
We and our affiliates may associate your personal information with our affiliates, partners and third party service providers, contractors and agents (eg communication service providers who send text messages or push notifications on our behalf, for us) Share the map service provider that provides location data (they may not be in your jurisdiction) in order for us to provide or improve our services;
As our business continues to grow, we and our affiliates may engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset transfers or similar transactions, and your personal information may be transferred as part of such transactions;
A situation where your user information must be provided to a third party as required by law;
Fourth, how do we protect user information?
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. However, please understand that due to technical limitations and various malicious means that may exist, in the Internet industry, even if you do everything you can to strengthen security measures, you will not always be 100% secure. You need to understand that the systems and communication networks you use to access our services may be problematic due to factors beyond our control.
Modification of the privacy policy
Due to changes in laws and regulations, and in order to keep pace with new developments and possible trends in the Internet, we may revise this policy from time to time. Therefore, we reserve the right to implement such modifications at our sole discretion, as these amendments result in a substantial reduction in your rights under this Privacy Policy, and we will promptly notify you or push you by posting notices on the homepage before the amendments become effective. Notify you in other ways. In such a case, if you continue to use our services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.