Home-Banner-Dark-Golf-1920×1080
The Ultimate Mobile Video Coaching Platform
Capture Anywhere. Analyze Everywhere.
Home-Banner-Dark-Baseball-1920×1080-1
The Ultimate Mobile Video Coaching Platform
Capture Anywhere. Analyze Everywhere.
Home-Banner-Dark-T&F-1920×1080
The Ultimate Mobile Video Coaching Platform
Capture Anywhere. Analyze Everywhere.
Home-Banner-Dark-Softball-1920×1080
The Ultimate Mobile Video Coaching Platform
Capture Anywhere. Analyze Everywhere.
Home-Banner-Dark-Swimming-1920×1080
The Ultimate Mobile Video Coaching Platform
Capture Anywhere. Analyze Everywhere.
Record. Analyze. Share.
Onform equips coaches with powerful tools to enhance athlete performance through video analysis. Easily capture, analyze, and share HD videos to provide detailed feedback for skill development.
01
Record
Capture HD video with ease using 5 different recording modes.
02
Analyze
Break down performance with powerful tools.
03
Share
Provide instant feedback and share videos effortlessly.
Start Your 14-Day Free Trial Today
Download Onform today and start coaching with instant analysis and seamless sharing. No credit card required. After 14 days, choose the
pricing
plan that’s right for you.
For Coaches & Athletes with all features
For Athletes only with limited features
Your All-In-One Video Analysis App
Whether you’re coaching on the range, in the field, or remote, transform your mobile device into a powerful tool that accelerates your athlete’s development. Record, analyze, and share your insights instantly from wherever you are.
Analyze technique in slow motion and frame-by-frame
Record short-form HD video
Share videos and provide feedback instantly
Accessible On All Your Devices
Our video analysis app is designed to be accessible across devices, ensuring you always have access to your video library.
Grow your coaching business
Onform makes it easy to set up and organize your athletes so that your business can scale. Whether you’re a private instructor with a few students, or part of a larger coaching organization with thousands of athletes, Onform has you covered. Our platform streamlines communication, enhances performance analysis, and fosters growth.
Onform Is Used by Coaches and Athletes Throughout Top Sporting Organizations Around the World
Our Features. Your Sport.
Discover how our powerful video analysis and sharing features provide coaches with tools to streamline training, boost performance, and maximize potential in
any
sport.
NEW
3D Visualization
Visualize swing characteristics like slide and sway with 3D analysis tools
NEW
4-Way Video Player
View up to 4 angles at once – even pull in the 3D model for a complete view
NEW
Centralized Admin Tools
Bulk invite students, manage staff, and organize multi-location academies.
Record & Capture
Capture 1080p HD video  @ up to 240fps for detailed analysis with 5 recording modes
Video Analysis
Annotate and analyze movements with drawing tools and voice-overs
Instant Feedback
Provide immediate, actionable feedback directly in the app
Stay Organized
Ensure your videos, athletes, and teams stay organized with titles, tagging, and collections
Automatic Cloud Backup
Every video is automatically backed up to our cloud to save your device storage
Multi-Angle Capture
Record from multiple angles for comprehensive analysis
Manual Shutter Speed
Capture clear, stop-motion HD video and eliminate motion blur
Technical Support
Access technical support via phone or email
Data Privacy
Secure and encrypted HIPAA-Compliant platform
Start Your 14-day Free Trial Today
Download Onform today and start coaching with instant analysis and seamless sharing. No credit card required. After 14 days, choose the
pricing
plan that’s right for you.
For Coaches & Athletes with all features
For Athletes only with limited features