Privacy Policy
Last modified: February 7, 2023
Shenzhen Juyun Tianxia Technology Co., Ltd (“we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the principles of privacy and fair use that underpin our values to offer a transparent and quality service. We want you to be confident that your personal information is safe and secure with us. Therefore, we have established the Privacy Policy to explain how we treat your information and protect your privacy when you use this software (the “Software”) and services this Software provided (the “Service”), and the rights and options available to you regarding your information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected.
By using the Software, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term of this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Software.
This Privacy Policy contains the following sections:
1. Information We Collects and Purposes of Collection
Information You submit
(1)Camera and Photos.
In order to use some features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device.
(2)Facial Features Information.
When you use the face recognition function, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album. We will then use the sdk provided by third parties to analyze the facial features data in the photos, and process the photos, feedback the effect drawing to you. Such effect drawing will not contain any personal identifiable information. For such data, photo and effect drawing, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties.
The purpose of processing such information is only to operate the face recognition functions of the App (including but not limited to Baby Prediction).
(3)Support Related Information.
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may collect your email address, and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support.
The purposes of collection of such information are: (1) to operate and update the Software and the Services; (2) to improve and customize the Software and the Services; (3) to maintain, test and monitor the quality and operation of the Software; (4) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback.
Information We Collect Automatically
(1)Technical Information. We may use API provided by IOS to collect certain technical information regarding your device, and your use of the Software and Services , including the type, name and version of operating system : (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID; (iv) location; (v) Apple ID.
(2)Usage Information. We may use API provided by IOS to collect certain usage related information regarding your use and interaction with your device, including the Software and Services, such as when and how you use the Software and Services, how you use your internet browser and internet search related applications, the web pages you visit and the content you see, access and utilize on such web pages; for example, offerings and advertisements that you view, use and access, how you use them and your response to them, how frequently you use them, your search queries and the time and date of your searches.
(3)Social Networks. We may use API provided by IOS to collect your interactions on social networks through the Software and Services.
(4)Payment data. We may use API provided by Apple Store to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored by third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
The purposes of the information that is processed automatically are:(1) to operate and update the Software and the Services, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features; (2) to improve and customize the Software and the Services; (3) to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software.
If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
2. How Your Information May be Shared?
(1) We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
(2) We will not rent or sell your personal information to the third- party, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations, we may share your information with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or providing service to the Software. We do not have power to control or influence these third- parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal information with any third-party organizations, please do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
The Software may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the Software from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our Software, including the information or content contained within them.
(3) We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances: (i) as required by law; (ii)when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
3. Security of Your Information
We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We use firewalls, encryption technology and Network access designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for your data. We also protect your privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of your information. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
4. How long we maintain your personal information?
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations.If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we( and any third parties with whom we cooperate) will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account. However, some information may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
5. Right of Access, Modification and Deletion of Your Information
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Service. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
6. Privacy Policy Concerning Children
The Service offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
7. Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory.
The Software and Service work over the Internet. We may store and process your information in various locations throughout the world. Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Software and/or Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
8. How to Contact us.
If you have any questions or concerns with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at: CuriosityLabApp@outlook.com. We may modify, update and publish this Privacy Policy in the Software from time to time. Please continue to play close attention to this Policy.