English
繁體中文
简体中文
Wise Shell App Privacy Policy
Wise Shell App Privacy Policy
1.    Introduction
This application (“App”) has been developed and is operated and maintained by or on behalf of Wise Shell Technology Co., Ltd. (“Wise Shell”, “we” or “us”).
The Wise Shell is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information whilst striving to provide the very best user experience.
2.    We will only collect the information you provide to the App Store to register an account.  We will only use your information in accordance with this privacy policy.
3.    How we use the information that we collect
The relevant App Store owns the information it collects when you purchase this App through the App Store. They may share some of that information with us, depending on the selections you have made. We will use it, as applicable, to:
·      provide you with services or information that you have requested or products or services that you have ordered, such as Apps and subscriptions to Apps;
·       monitor or improve the performance of, and products and services available through, this App;
·       monitor compliance with our terms and conditions of use of the App, enforce our rights and protect the safety of others including investigating and if necessary removing any content about which we receive a complaint;
·       for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority
By providing us with your personal information, you consent to us processing your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to.
4.    Maintenance and storage of information: Your information is collected through the relevant App Store and certain information is passed on to us. We may store that information on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of the Wise Shell Technology Co., Ltd. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
5.    Links to other websites: this App may contain links to other websites.  Notwithstanding this, we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers. Before using such third party websites, it is incumbent upon you to check their privacy policy.
6.    Security: While every effort will be made to adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information, Wise Shell Technology Co., Ltd. will not be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any of your information on servers owned and maintained by or on behalf of Wise Shell Technology Co., Ltd..
7.    Policy changes: By using this App you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use. We may amend this privacy policy and/or the terms of use from time to time. If we do so, an updated version will be available through a link in the App. You will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of this App.