Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Background
The privacy of your personal and non-personal information is afforded the highest level of importance by
Peri Studio Inc.
We will strictly comply with all relevant legislative requirements, and, in the event of any inconsistency, the legislative requirements will override the provisions of this document. We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and such amendments will take effect from the date of issue on our website.If you are a minor at law (which usually means you are aged under 18 in countries including Australia and the United States, though this age may vary depending on where you are located), you must get your parent or guardian’s permission before providing us with any personal information. We may collect Non-Personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our Websites/Apps.
Consent:
By Connecting, Entering, Accessing or Using our Apps/Web you agree to Privacy Policy and it also means that you have read carefully about the collection and use of your personal and non-personal information through our apps and website and support channels.  To opt out, please stop using our WEB and for Apps and Games you can Opt Out from within the app/game from Privacy Controls.
Collection of Information:
We may collect information to improve user experience. Please read types of information below.
·
Non-Identifiable & Anonymous Information / Non Personal Information.
We are not aware of the uniqueness of the User from whom we have collected the Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information is any open information which does not enable identification of an individual User, and which is available to us while such User is entering into and/or using the Site/App/Game. Non-personal Information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioural information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the User on the Site/App/Game, type of operating system, User’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the Site, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, etc.
·
Personally Identifiable Information / Personal Information.
This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature. Users of the Site/App/Game automatically provide their IP address (or Mac Address) mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes as further detailed below. In addition, Personal Information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the User:
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, through your active acceptance to the Terms and the Privacy Policy and from Consent Dialog from within App/Game.
We may also collect following information
·      IP address; Country code;
·      IDFAs, IDFVs, Advertising IDs;
·      Language; Locale (specific location where a given language is spoken);
·      Time zone, session start/stop time,
·      Network status (WiFi, etc.), browser plug-in types and versions;
·      User agent string (UA), platform, SDK version, timestamp;
·      All apps installed;
·      Technical device information (e.g. device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, software, mobile phone carrier, Internet service provider, API key identifier for application, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) on Android, Android ID, Android Serial No);
How Information is Collected:
Information can be collected automatically and Programmatically
1.    When you are browsing our Site
2.    When you are Using/Playing our App/Game
3.    When you contact us through Email/Facebook and/or other Support Channels
Purpose of Information Collection
1      Non Personal Information is used for statistical and research purposes and for customization and improvement of our
Site/App/Game
2      Personal Information is used to be able to Reply you when you contact through support channels(Facebook/Email)
3      Personal Information like Location/IP is used to show you Ads according to your location, this is called contextual advertisement.
4      We use the information we collect about you/your device to deliver services to you and to operate our business. Such use by us and by our Partners may include:
Delivering Our Services:
Developing, delivering and improving our products, services, and content, tailoring our products and services, providing software updates and product support, understanding and analysing trends in connection with usage of the Apps, administering the Apps, and customer communications.
Displaying Advertisements:
Displaying third party advertisements in our Apps and showing advertisements for our Apps in other publisher’s apps.
Cross-promotion:
Cross Promoting our Apps and services, meaning we may promote one of our Apps while you are playing a different App of ours.
Analytics and Research
: understanding and analyzing trends in connection with the usage of the Apps, gathering demographic information about our user base, data about where the App was downloaded from. We may also create reports and analysis for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with our Apps and services, or to test our new game features and content. We use the data we receive from Third Party Social Network only for internal analytics. For opting out from analytics please visit Opt-Out Section of this Privacy Policy.
Use and Disclosure of Information:
In general, we will not use or disclose personal information about you otherwise than for the purpose of providing or offering goods and services to you, for any other purpose that you may reasonably expect, for any other purpose authorized by law, or for any other purposes disclosed to or authorized by you. This may include disclosures to organizations that provide us with professional advice, such as solicitors, accountants and business advisors.
It may be necessary for the information to be disclosed to other organizations in the course of our provision of services, or for the conduct of our business. These other organizations may include other parties involved in the provision of services to you, our business partners involved in the software, applications and/or services we provide to you, and other organizations providing services to us, such as payment processors or hosting services. We direct all such organizations to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed to them and to not use your information for any purpose other than to provide services on our behalf or to us.
We may use your personal information to provide you with any goods, services, or functionality you have requested; to respond to any inquiries you have made through our customer service features, to send you newsletters, promotions or marketing materials. We will provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials in the future. You may also opt out of receiving such materials at any time in accordance with the instructions provided in this Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information may be used by us for administrative, analytical, statistics compilation, research, optimization, security and other purposes. Specifically, we may use your Non-Personal Information to respond to customer service inquiries and to protect against cheating, crime or fraud or for other security reasons and for providing you advertising that better suits your interests. We may collect your Non-Personal information to track your use of our Websites/Apps to help us learn more about your gaming activities and understand your preferences and tendencies so that we can personalize your experience, provide you with in-game offers and notifications that are tailored to you, and otherwise enhance your gaming experience.
We may provide aggregated or anonymous information to third parties for the purposes of developing and delivering targeted advertising. We will not share your personal information with such third parties without your consent.
We may use information held about you to verify your compliance with any terms and conditions that may apply to the use of our software, applications and/or services.
The precise information required to be provided will vary depending on the circumstances requiring disclosure of that information.
Any personal information submitted to us online, including via the software and/or services, may need to be processed by a third party. By submitting personal information online or via the software and/or services, you consent to the disclosure of that information to a third party, who may be located overseas, for the sole purpose of processing the submitted information.
Below are provider names of some of the third party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the privacy policy of our third-party service providers.
·       Admob:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
·       Unity Ads:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
·       Chartboost:
https://answers.chartboost.com/hc/en-us/articles/200780269-Privacy-Policy
·       Google Analytics:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
·       Firebase:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
·       Game Analytics:
http://www.gameanalytics.com/privacy
·       AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
·       IronSource:
http://www.ironsrc.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/ironSource-Privacy-Policy.pdf
·       Heyzap:
https://www.heyzap.com/legal/privacy
·       ConsoliAds:
http://web.consoliads.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising:
By using our Website/Apps, you may be offered advertising content. We or the ad networks we use may utilize ad-serving technologies that use cookies, beacons, tracking pixels and other technologies that are placed within the ads and allow us or our networks to collect Non-Personal Information. Non-Personal Information such as age and gender may be used to ensure that appropriate advertising is offered to you. Usage Data and Non-Personal Information such as advertising identifiers may be used to determine how many clicks an ad received, to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns, to determine the proper amount of repeat views of a given ad, and/or to deliver ads that best relate to your interests. Depending on your device and its operating system, you may be able to choose to prevent your device’s ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising or reset your device’s ad identifier by changing the settings of your device.
Transfer of Information Overseas:
You expressly agree that we may transfer and store your information on servers and equipment located in any territory, including, without limitation, Australia and the United States of America etc.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent any misuse, theft, loss, alteration, destruction, unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to Other Websites/Apps/Games:
Our game may contain advertising and links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Minors:
To use of Site/App/Games, you must be over the age of thirteen. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of thirteen are not using the Site.
OptOut:
We have created an opt-out option within our Apps. You may choose it by visiting Privacy Controls and Selection No from Consent Screen, the Consent Screen is shown when you launch the App/Game for the first time, afterwards if you wish to change you can do it from Privacy Controls from within the app. Opting Out will mean that you will still be served ads, but they will not be tailored to your preferences. Opting out will also effect on Analytics and other 3rd Party SDKs used. Please note you cannot OptOut when you are using our website.
Deletion of Information:
Information when not needed will be deleted by us and we will also make sure that information when not required is deleted by our 3rd Party Partners. If you wish to delete your information you can send us request to delete your information. We will need some additional information from you to delete your information. Send us your queries regarding deletion of your information and in case you have any questions at
periperistudio@gmail.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Funity3d.com%2Flegal%2Fprivacy-policy&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw0njRJiS6j2pKe5H-tQ5Z5n:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 2
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms