Zurich International online
Privacy
This Privacy Statement, effective from 15
th
January 2024 sets out how we, Zurich, as defined below, will process and use personal information entrusted to us. Zurich is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy Statement explains how we use the information we collect and the safeguards we have in place to protect your privacy.
Collecting your personal information
We collect the information you provide to us on this website. This may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address, and other details you input and/or generate.
We may also record information about the way you use our website, in order to improve the way it operates including the technical specification and security of the website.
Using your personal information
We will use the personal information provided by you to set up your unique user profile, to answer your queries, to provide you with information on our products (where you have indicated that you wish to receive such information), to provide you with any of our other services that you request, for technical and security purposes and/or to meet any governmental, legal and/or regulatory requirements. In doing so we may share your personal information with other Zurich companies, any parties authorised to act on behalf of Zurich, any Zurich fiscal representative, service providers and/or relevant financial professionals.
If you provide us with an e-mail address, we may correspond with you by e-mail using that address.
Statistical information obtained from monitoring website usage, or information provided by you relating to your experience of using this website, may be shared with third parties in order to assist in the development, maintenance, technical support and protection of this website and of Zurich.
Personal Information may be disclosed to governmental, legal
, tax
and/or regulatory entities or similar parties, if required by any law or regulation.
Further details on how we use personal information collected on this site can be found in the Data Protection section of the Terms & Conditions.
Your use of ZIO
By agreeing to the ZIO Terms and Conditions of Use, you acknowledge how we will use your personal information as set out in this Privacy Statement.
If we decide to change the Privacy Statement, you will need to agree to the changes
as part of the ZIO Terms and Conditions of Use when you next log on to your personal ZIO account so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances it is disclosed.
If you're a Corporate member, we'll remove your access to ZIO two years after you make the final withdrawal from your account. Your privacy rights will remain unchanged and all data is subject to Zurich's data retention periods. If you need to retrieve your data, please get in touch.
Information Security
The Internet is not a secure medium of communication and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. We are not responsible for any damages you, or others, may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of such information. However we will implement
all appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure the protection of the data we process and have various security measures in place to protect your personal information, including the following:
- Servers are maintained in a secure location at all times which can only be accessed by authorised personnel and/or third parties.
- Firewalls are used to monitor communications and block unauthorised traffic.
- Our internal procedures provide for the secure and confidential handling of information at all stages, through access, disclosure and storage.
Further Information
·
If you have any queries in relation to this Privacy Statement please use the “Contact us” facility on this website.
If you would like to learn more about how we use your personal information,
for Zurich International Life please
click here.
Or, for Zurich Eurolife S.A. please
click here.
Cookies
When you use this website we will log your IP (Internet Protocol) address (this is a unique reference number allocated to a computer when accessing the Internet) and collect information about the way you use the website during your visit. This information is used for site navigation and systems’ administration, technical and security purposes and for the development of our website facilities.
In certain situations we may use cookies in order to recognise you as a site user and to personalise your visit. A cookie is a small file sent to a web browser by a web server. We only use cookies for the purposes stated above and, where necessary, for the full operation of the website.
You can set your browser to reject cookies but if you do so you will be unable to enjoy full site functionality. For more information about how to reject cookies, please refer to the browser settings on the computer you are using.
Links
From time to time we may include links on this website to other sites that we believe you may find useful. These websites may have their own privacy statement, which may differ from ours. If you choose to use these links, please ensure that you consider the content of any privacy statement located on the linked website. Any websites connected with this website are not within our control and we bear no responsibility for their content.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Protocol
SSL Protocol ensures that data cannot be read by other computers as it travels between your browser and our server. Digital certificates allow you to verify that your browser is communicating with our server and not another server posing as our server.
If you receive SSL certificate warning messages presented by the browsers (e.g. invalid date, entrusted certifying authority, name mismatch, failed to retrieve revocation list and so on), please do not continue with the application and contact gbe.ithelpdesk@zurich.com for further instructions.
Information about our group of companies
The following legal entities, as further described below, may control your personal information from time to time:
Zurich International Life Limited, registered office –
Zurich House, Isle of Man Business Park, Douglas, IM2 2QZ, British Isles: registered number 20126C. Zurich International Life Limited provides life assurance, investment and protection products and is authorised by the Isle of Man Financial Services Authority.
Zurich Eurolife SA, registered office – Building Elise, 21 rue Léon Laval, L-3372 Leudelange, Luxembourg: registered number B51753. Telephone +352 26 642 1, Fax +352 26 642 650, Email
lux.info@zurich.com
.
www.zurich.lu
. LU VAT number 1660 2944. Zurich Eurolife S.A. is a life insurance company incorporated under the laws of Luxembourg and falls under the exclusive supervision of the Luxembourg insurance regulator, the Commissariat aux Assurances (7, boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Luxembourg).
Copyright © 2025 Zurich
Copyright © 2025 Zurich