General Privacy Policy
(Last revision on: 31 May 2023)
A. Scope
This data protection information applies to visitors to our website, and to customers, interested individuals and applicants.
B. Controller
Generally speaking, the controller is ELATEC GmbH, Zeppelinstr. 1, 82178 Puchheim, Germany. The companies of the Elatec Group are joint controllers pursuant to Art. 26 of the GDPR for processing in the context of joint customer data management and applicant management. The Group consists of: ELATEC GmbH (Zeppelinstr. 1, 82178 Puchheim), Elatec Systems GmbH (Schwieberdinger Str. 44, 71636 Ludwigsburg) and sesamsec GmbH (Finsterbachstr. 1, 86504 Merching). The single point of contact for data subject enquiries and requests is ELATEC GmbH, Zeppelinstr. 1, 82178 Puchheim, Germany, Phone: +49 (0)89 552 9961 0, Fax: +49 (0)89 552 9961 129, Email:
info-rfid@elatec.com
for the joint controllers.
You can reach our data protection officer and the joint controllers’ joint data protection officer as follows: Email:
datenschutz@hjp.de
, Phone: +49 (0)6841 9816 0, Fax: +49 (0)6841 9816 29. Our data protection officer will offer you quick and easy assistance if you have any questions or wish to assert your rights as a data subject.
C. Visitors to our website
The following policy relates to data processing in the context of our website. Even though we have taken organisational and technical measures to ensure that our website is protected as consistently as possible, the occurrence of a security vulnerability in electronic communication channels cannot, of course, be completely ruled out. This is why visitors to the website are also free to obtain information about us or to send information to us by other means.
We process the usage and communication data generated by your visit to our website for the purpose of presenting this website. Any use beyond this does not take place. Additional processing operations may be carried out by the integrated third-party services that we use to improve this website’s presentation or functionality.
1. Nature and scope of data processed
In principle, usage data (e.g. web pages visited, access times) and communication data (e.g. browser information, IP addresses) and processed.
2. Browser and server data
Please note that your browser transfers information to us when you simply use the website. The purpose of this transfer is to technically enable you to visit the website. The data is required to process the information request. In this respect, the nature of the information transferred also depends on your settings and technical specifications. This is why the following data may be collected when you access our website:
IP address
Time of access
Page accessed or name of the file accessed (URL)
Status information (e.g. error codes)
The amount of data transferred
Browser information (web browser used, operating system, language setting, etc.)
The data is used for statistical and security-related purposes. This data is not disclosed to third parties. This website itself does not use any techniques aimed at evaluating individual users’ access behaviour. Personal usage profiles are not created. The data is stored for the specified purposes for a maximum of 7 days.
3. Cookies
Cookies are stored on your computer when you use our website. The legal basis for use is Section 15 (1) of the German Telemedia Act and Section 15 (3) of the German Telemedia Act in compliance with Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard drive by the browser you use and through which the party that sets the cookie receives certain information. Cookies are a technical means of ensuring that the website works and of improving the user experience. They are used so that information can be stored across several pages, for example. We use cookies for the following purposes:
Storing user settings.
We use the following types of cookies:
Transient cookies (temporary use)
Persistent cookies (time-limited use).
The latter may be used by third-party providers. The cookies serve our interest in ensuring that our website is easy to use and in improving our website.
The transient cookies are deleted when you close the browser. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period of time, which can vary depending on the cookie in question. The deletion periods correspond to the specifications of the third-party provider in question.
You can delete the cookies at any time in your browser’s security settings. You can also make settings in your browser so that it rejects certain or all cookies. However, we would like to point out that, if you do so, this may restrict the website’s functionality. We store cookie-related information separately from any other data that may be provided to us. This data is explicitly not linked to your other data.
4. Categories of data subject
Visitors to the website are affected by data processing carried out by our website.
5. Purpose of processing
Providing an online presence
Ensuring user interactability
Security measures
6. Duration of storage
The criterion for the duration of personal data storage is the respective legal retention period and the purpose of processing. Once the period has elapsed, the corresponding data is routinely deleted if it is no longer required to achieve the purpose of processing.
The specific storage periods are indicated within this policy for the individual data processing operations.
7. Legal basis
Several provisions set out in the GDPR that provide express permission can be considered legal bases: First of all, Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR serves as the basis for processing operations where your consent is obtained for the processing operation. Should your consent extend to processing by the above-mentioned Group, this shall also apply to future members of the Group that are affiliated with a member of the Group by means of a majority shareholding. For such processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (e.g. in cases of enquiries about our services), processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR. In the case of the fulfilment of tax obligations, processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR. In the case of this website, data processing is predominantly based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. This basis for permission applies if processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest belonging to the controller or a third party, provided that the data subject’s interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms are not overridden.
The specific interests are reflected in each case at the point of the processing operation.
8. Technical security measures
We maintain up-to-date technical and organisational measures to ensure data security, particularly to protect your personal data from risks during data transfer operations and from third-party access. They will be adapted accordingly in line with the state of the art.
9. Third-party providers
If we allow third parties to participate in processing, this is done exclusively based on a legal standard of permission and in compliance with the legal provisions. This standard of permission may be your consent, a legal obligation or our legitimate interests.
10. Hosting
The hosting services we use are for the provision of the following services: Infrastructure and platform services, software tools, computing capacity, storage space and maintenance services that we require for the purpose of operating this website.
The hosting provider processes the usage data based on our legitimate interest in effectively and securely providing this website pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
Usage data includes the data described under ‘Nature and scope of data processed’. This data is deleted after seven days.
11. Links to other websites
Our website contains links to third-party websites. This privacy policy applies only to content on our website and does not cover third-party websites linked to this site. We do not have any influence over the legality of the contents of these sites or over how they handle personal data. If you have any questions about the content or data protection practices of such third-party providers, please contact the provider in question.
12. Plugins
a) Cookiebot
This website uses a cookie consent banner incorporating technology from Cybot A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter referred to as ‘Cookiebot’) to obtain effective user consent for cookies and cookie-based applications that require consent.
The integration of a corresponding JavaScript code means users are shown a banner where they can consent to certain cookies and/or cookie-based applications by ticking the corresponding checkboxes when they access the page. In this case, the banner blocks the setting of all cookies that require consent until the user in question gives corresponding consent by ticking the corresponding checkbox. This ensures that such cookies are only set on the user’s terminal device in question if they have given their consent. For the cookie consent banner to be able to clearly assign page views to individual users and to individually collect, log and store for the duration of a session the consent settings that the user made, the cookie consent banner collects and transfers to and stores on Cookiebot servers certain user information (including the IP address) when our website is accessed.
These data processing operations are carried out pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR based on our legitimate interest in ensuring legally compliant, user-specific and user-friendly consent management for cookies and therefore in designing our website in a legally compliant manner. Another legal basis for the described data processing operations is Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR. As the controller, we are subject to the legal obligation to make the use of technically unnecessary cookies dependent on respective user consent.
We have entered into a processing agreement with Cookiebot, where applicable, by which we obligate Cookiebot to protect data belonging to visitors to our website and not to disclose the same to third parties. For more information about how Cookiebot uses data, please refer to the Cookiebot privacy policy at
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
.
b) Google Maps
We embed online maps and the ‘Google Maps’ navigation service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The service’s privacy policy is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. An option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
. This service is used to provide a better and clearer representation of our geographical location and easier visitor accessibility. It cannot be ruled out in this respect that data will also be transferred to other Google servers. Google LLC ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
c) Google Remarketing
We use the Google Remarketing application provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The purpose of this application is to display our ads based on the user’s interests to the user after their visit to our website during their further use of the internet within the Google advertising network. Use is solely for the purpose that coincides with our interests. The user’s interaction on our website is analysed (e.g. which offers the user was interested in) for this purpose. Remarketing is carried out by means of cookies stored in the browser, through which Google records and evaluates users’ usage behaviour when visiting various websites and anonymised data. This allows Google to determine the previous visit to our website. The legal basis for this, and particularly for setting cookies, is Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR. The user’s data may be transferred to the USA. According to its own statements, Google does not combine the data collected in the context of remarketing with your personal data that Google may store. In particular, pseudonymisation is used in remarketing according to Google.
d) Google Tag Manager
We use the ‘tag manager’ provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The service’s privacy policy is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. An option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
. The tags set up using Google Tag Manger ensure the collection of data that is passed on to the target system. Because the data is only passed on, the system does not collect or store the data itself. According to the provider, Google Tag Manager is a cookie-less domain, so it cannot collect any personal data in this way.
e) Google APIs
We use Google APIs provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The service’s privacy policy is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. An option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
. This makes our website more resistant to bottlenecks in the available bandwidth and gives our visitors a fast and reliable connection to our website. When you access a page, your browser loads the required files (particularly web fonts) using the content delivery network (CDN) into your browser cache via the address so it can display texts and fonts correctly. The service allows the operator to gain knowledge that our website was accessed with your IP address. Use of the CDN is in the interest of creating a uniform and appealing website design, as well as ensuring a fast and reliable connection to our website. The basis for authorisation is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. It cannot be ruled out in this respect that data will also be transferred to other servers. Google LLC ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
f) gstatic
We use a web service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The service’s privacy policy is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. An option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
. The legal basis for data processing is
Art. 6 (1) (a) and (f) of the GDPR
. The legitimate interest lies in the website working faultlessly and in continuously improving and optimising our website, as well as operating our website in an economically sensible way. Use is solely for the purpose that coincides with our interests. You will find more information about how the transferred data is handled in the indicated Google privacy policy. A option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
During processing, it cannot be ruled out that data will also be transferred to other servers. Google LLC ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
g) Google Analytics
Based on your consent, primarily via our consent banner (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR), we use Google Analytics, an analytics service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, for the purpose of continuously improving and optimising our website, as well as operating our website in an economically sensible way. Use is solely for the purpose that coincides with our interests. Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, which are text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website may also be transferred to and stored on a Google server in the United States. If IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will, however, truncate your IP address beforehand within member states of the European Union or other states that are parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of this website, compiling reports on website activities and providing the website operator with other services relating to website and internet use.
The IP address transferred by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies by changing the relevant setting in your browser software; however, please note that if you do so, you may be unable to use all of this website’s functions in full. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection, transfer and processing of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
.
This website uses Google Analytics with the ‘_anonymizeIp()’ extension. This further processes IP addresses in truncated form, so they cannot be directly attributed to a person. Insofar as the data collected about you makes you personally identifiable, this is therefore immediately excluded and the personal data is thus immediately deleted. We use Google Analytics to analyse how our website is used and improve it on a regular basis. The statistics acquired allow us to improve our website and to design it in a way that is more interesting to you as a user. For the exceptional cases where personal data is transferred to the USA, Google LLC ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
Information about the third-party provider: Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of service:
https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en
, data protection overview:
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html
, and the privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=uk
.
This website also uses Google Analytics to perform a cross-device analysis of visitor flows, which is carried out using a user ID. You can disable cross-device analysis of your use in your customer account. A multitude of websites use Google Analytics in the manner described. You can permanently prevent the collection of data by installing a plugin in your browser:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB
. Furthermore, you can also prevent the storage of cookies by means of your basic browser settings. You can also disable Google Analytics for your visit to our website by opting out.
h) jQuery
Our website uses JavaScript code from the website
www.jquery.com
provided by JSFoundation, Inc., Attn.: Privacy Office, 1 Letterman Drive, San Francisco, CA 94129, USA. jQuery (also known as ‘jQuery Core’) is a free JavaScript library that provides functions for DOM navigation and manipulation. The jQuery base library consists of a JavaScript file that contains all the basic DOM, event, effect and Ajax functions. This service is used to improve the website’s visual design, functionality and faster availability. For more information, please refer to the JS Foundation’s privacy policy at
https://js.foundation/about/governance/privacy-policy
. JSFoundation, Inc. ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
i) unpkg
The unpkg web service provided by Npm, Inc., 1999 Harrison Street #1150, Oakland, CA 94612, United States of America (hereinafter referred to as ‘unpkg’), is reloaded on our website. unpkg is used as a content delivery network (CDN). With the CDN, contents of this website (such as scripts and stylesheets) are delivered faster using a network of regionally distributed servers. Your browser must establish a connection to the unpkg servers for this purpose. unpkg thereby receives information that this website has been accessed using your IP address. If the files in question have already been loaded from the CDN on another page, your browser will usually automatically fall back on the cached copy instead. If you have enabled JavaScript in your browser and have not installed a JavaScript blocker, your browser will transfer personal data to unpkg as appropriate. This processing is carried out pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR based on the legitimate interest in providing and optimising this website in a swift and secure manner. You will find more information about how the transferred data is handled in unpkg’s privacy policy at
www.npmjs.com/policies/privacy
. unpkg ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law. You can prevent unpkg from collecting and processing your data by disabling the execution of script codes in your browser or by installing a script blocker in your browser.
j) BootstrapCDN / jsdelivr
We use BootstrapCDN to load CSS files, JavaScript, fonts or images from its server. This makes our website more resistant to bottlenecks in the available bandwidth and gives our visitors a fast and reliable connection to our website. When you access a page, your browser loads the required files (particularly web fonts) using the content delivery network (CDN) into your browser cache via the address so it can display texts and fonts correctly. The service allows the operator to gain knowledge that our website was accessed with your IP address. Use of the CDN is in the interest of creating a uniform and appealing website design, as well as ensuring a fast and reliable connection to our website. The basis for authorisation is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. More information and the operator’s privacy policy can be found at:
https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/privacy-policy
.
k) Amazon AWS / Cloudfront
We use Amazon Web Services (AWS) / Cloudfront to have program code and storage space readily available. AWS are services provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109, USA. This makes our website more resistant to bottlenecks in the available bandwidth and gives our visitors a fast and reliable connection to our website. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 (1), sentence 1, (f) of the GDPR. When you access a page, your browser loads the required files. AWS is a US cloud computing provider that was established in 2006 as a subsidiary of the online mail order company Amazon.com. The service’s privacy policy can be found at
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr
. Amazon Web Services, Inc. ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law.
l) BITE
We use a service provided by the provider BITE GmbH, Magirus-Deutz-Strasse 12, 89077 Ulm (hereinafter referred to as ‘BITE’) on our website to implement the application process.
The information provided by cookies concerning use of the website is transferred to BITE servers to implement the service. BITE may also transfer this information to third parties if doing so is stipulated by law or if third parties process this data on BITE’s behalf. As a provider, BITE warrants that it provides its services only by means of its own server structures within the Federal Republic of Germany. The purpose of the transfer is to ensure that the application process runs smoothly and to provide better functionality and faster availability of a corresponding website. The legal basis for personal data processing is our legitimate interest in processing according to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. Our legitimate interest is based on the fact that we would like to provide a modern, encrypted and convenient application system. Personal data is deleted once the purpose has been fulfilled.
You will find more information about how the transferred data is handled in BITE’s privacy policy at
https://www.b-ite.de/legal-notice.html
.
m) YouTube
We embed the opportunity to play videos offered by the ‘YouTube’ platform provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The service’s privacy policy is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. An option to control the provider’s processing of your data is available at:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
. During processing, it cannot be ruled out that data will be transferred to other Google servers.
n) Kununu
Our website uses the Kununu button (plugin) provided by the social network Kununu, which is operated by Kununu GmbH, Neutorgasse 4 – 8, Top 3.02, 1010 Vienna, Austria, a subsidiary of the parent company Xing GmbH & Co. KG, Dammtorstrasse 30, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. When you access a page on our website that features a button like this, your browser establishes a direct connection with the Kununu servers. The content of the button is transferred directly to your browser by Kununu and integrated into the web page by the same. We are thus enabling our visitors to quickly and reliably integrate job offers on our website and an underlying economic / promotional purpose. The legal basis for use is Art. 6 (1), sentence 1, (f) of the GDPR.
We would like to point out that we, as the website operator, are not aware of the content of the data transferred or the purposes for which it is used by Kununu. We have no influence over the amount of the data that Kununu collects with the button. Please refer to Kununu’s privacy policy (
http://www.kununu.com/info/agb
) or Xing’s privacy policy (
https://privacy.xing.com/en
) to find out about the purpose and scope of data collection, further processing and use of the data by Kununu, your rights in this regard and possible settings you can make to protect your privacy. Please log out of your user account beforehand if you do not want Kununu to be able to assign your visit to our site to your Kununu user account.
o) Twitter
We have integrated what are known as ‘social plugins’ (‘plugins’) provided by Twitter, a microblogging service provided by Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (hereinafter referred to as ‘Twitter’), on our website.
The plugins are marked with a Twitter logo (e.g. in the form of a blue ‘Twitter bird’). You can find an overview of the Twitter plugins and what they look like here:
https://about.twitter.com/en_us/company/brand-resources.html
. When you access a page on our website that features a plugin like this, your browser establishes a direct connection to Twitter’s servers. The content of the plugin is transferred directly to your browser and integrated in the page by Twitter. The integration means that Twitter is informed that your browser has accessed the relevant page on our website – even if you don’t have a Twitter profile or aren’t logged into Twitter at that moment in time. This information (including your IP address) is transferred by your browser directly to a Twitter server in the USA and stored there. If you are logged into Twitter, Twitter can directly assign your visit to our website to your Twitter account. If you interact with the plugins (e.g. click the ‘Tweet’ button), the corresponding information is also transferred directly to and stored on a Twitter server. The information will also be published on your Twitter account and displayed to your contacts there.
Please refer to Twitter’s privacy policy (
https://twitter.com/privacy
) to find out about the purpose and scope of data collection, further processing and use of the data by Twitter, your rights in this regard and possible settings you can make to protect your privacy. If you do not want Twitter to assign the data collected via our website directly to your Twitter account, you must log out of Twitter before visiting our website.
p) HubSpot
We use the HubSpot service for various purposes. HubSpot is a US-based software company with a subsidiary in Ireland: HubSpot, 2nd Floor, 30 North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland, Phone: +353 1 5187500 (hereinafter referred to as ‘Hubspot’).
Hubspot is an integrated software solution that covers various aspects of our online marketing activities. These aspects include: Email marketing, social media publishing and reporting, reporting, contact management (e.g. user segmentation and CRM), landing pages and contact forms. Hubspot allows visitors to our website to learn more about our company, download content and provide their contact information and other demographic information. This information, and the content of our website, is stored on servers belonging to HubSpot, our software partner. We may use it to contact visitors to our website and to determine which of our company’s services are of interest to them. All the information we collect is subject to this privacy policy. We use all the information collected for the sole purpose of optimising our marketing measures. Additionally, we may also use Hubspot to provide contact forms.
The following data may be collected and processed using Hubspot as part of our efforts to optimise our marketing measures: Geographic location, browser type, navigation information, referral URL, performance data, information about how often the application is used, mobile app data, login credentials for the HubSpot subscription service, files viewed locally, domain names, pages viewed, aggregated usage, operating system version, internet service provider, IP address, device identifier, duration of visit, where the application was downloaded from, operating system, events occurring within the application, access times, clickstream data, device model and device version
Data processing is carried out according to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR based on our legitimate interest in swiftly and securely providing and optimising our website. Another legal basis for the described data processing operations is your consent according to Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, which can be revoked at any time. The personal data will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose of processing. The data is deleted as soon as it is no longer needed to fulfil the purpose. In the context of processing via HubSpot, data may be transferred to the USA. Hubspot ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law
You will find more information about HubSpot’s privacy policy at
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
. HubSpot’s information regarding EU data protection regulations can be viewed at
https://legal.hubspot.com/security
. For more information about the cookies that HubSpot uses, please visit
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
and
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy
.
q) Wistia
We have integrated components provided by the operating company Wistia Inc., 17 Tudor Street, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA, on our website.
Wistia stores IP addresses that are necessary for accessing and delivering videos and a player from video providers. Furthermore, anonymised data concerning access and how long the delivered content is viewed for is stored with the help of cookies. The integration requires Wistia to be able to identify users’ IP addresses. The IP address is required so that content can be sent to the user’s browser. If you access an individual page on our website that a Wistia component (video) is located on, your internet browser will be prompted by the component to download a corresponding illustration of the component. So Wistia knows which specific pages you have visited on our website. If you are logged into Wistia at the same time, the video provider can track which of the pages on our website featuring a video you have navigated to. If you do not want information to be transferred to video providers, log out of the video provider before accessing our website. The purpose is to integrate videos on our website in a user-oriented and optimum way. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR based on our legitimate interest in fulfilling this purpose. You can find further details and data protection information about Wistia at:
https://wistia.com/privacy
.
r) LinkedIn Insight Tag and LinkedIn Analytics
Subject to your consent, the LinkedIn Insight Tag on this website is used with the LinkedIn Analytics function for retargeting and tracking purposes, and for remarketing too. The LinkedIn Insight Tag and LinkedIn Analytics are operated by the LinkedIn Corporation, 1000 W. 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. LinkedIn ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law. The controller responsible for personal data processing when a data subject lives outside the USA or Canada is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag and LinkedIn Analytics to target marketing advertising to visitors to this website based on their previous use of this website as soon as they visit the LinkedIn social network. A direct connection to LinkedIn servers is established using the LinkedIn Insight Tag when visitors visit this website. This sends the information that a visitor has accessed this website to the LinkedIn server. LinkedIn processes this information and can assign it to a visitor’s personal LinkedIn user account. With the help of the LinkedIn Insight Tag, we also want to make sure that our LinkedIn ads match users’ potential interests and are not annoying. The LinkedIn Insight Tag also allows us to track the effectiveness of LinkedIn ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users were redirected to our website after clicking on a LinkedIn ad (‘conversion’). Furthermore, when using the LinkedIn Insight Tag, we use the additional enhanced advertising function for tracking purposes. Here, data such as users’ telephone numbers, email addresses or Facebook IDs are transferred to LinkedIn (in encrypted form) to form target groups. You can find more information about the ‘enhanced advertising’ at
https://business.linkedin.com/marketing-solutions/native-advertising/lead-gen-ads
.
The legal basis for use of the LinkedIn Insight Tag is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. We have a legitimate interest with regard to marketing purposes, as this promotes the placement of more relevant ads. You can disable the LinkedIn Insight Tag here at any time when you are logged into LinkedIn:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/enhanced-advertising
. The legal basis for processing data collected in connection with LinkedIn Analytics is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR. Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. We only use LinkedIn Analytics tracking if you explicitly allow this.
For general information about how LinkedIn collects, processes and protects data, please see LinkedIn’s privacy policy at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
. LinkedIn processes data in the context of LinkedIn’s data use policy. Accordingly, general information about displaying LinkedIn ads and specific information and details on the LinkedIn Insight Tag and how it works are available at
https://business.linkedin.com/marketing-solutions/native-advertising/lead-gen-ads
. Information about setting cookies can be found in the cookie policy at
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie_policy
. You can find an opt-out option here:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
. You have the right on grounds relating to your particular situation to object to such processing at any time. To exercise this right, you can disable the use of tracking cookies at any time in this website’s tracking cookie settings.
s) Social plugins – links
'
Our site contains links to our pages on social media sites. No data is transferred to the platforms yet when the corresponding links are displayed. Should you wish to visit any of these sites, please note that, by doing so, you are leaving the scope of this privacy policy with respect to platform operation.
t) Newsletter
With your consent, you can subscribe to our newsletter, which we use to inform you of our current interesting offers and events concerning our company. The goods and services advertised correspond to our product portfolio.
We use the ‘double opt-in procedure’ for subscription to our newsletter. This means that, once you have subscribed, we send an email to the specified email address requesting your confirmation that you would like to be sent the newsletter. If you do not confirm your subscription, your information will be blocked and will ultimately be automatically deleted. Additionally, we store the IP addresses you use and the times of subscription and confirmation. The purpose of this procedure is to prove your subscription and, if necessary, to resolve potential misuse of your personal data (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR).
Only your email address is mandatory for sending the newsletter. Any other, separately marked data that may be provided is voluntary and used to address you personally. If you do not want to provide your name, you can also enter a pseudonym. Following your confirmation, we store your email address for the purpose of sending the newsletter. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1), sentence 1 (a) of the GDPR.
You can revoke your consent to receiving the newsletter and unsubscribe from it at any time. You can confirm your revocation by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter email, using our website or by emailing or sending a message to the contact details provided in the legal notice.
We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when we send the newsletter. For the purpose of this evaluation, the sent emails include ‘web beacons’, ‘tracking pixels’ and single-pixel image files that are stored on our website. To carry out the evaluations, we link the aforementioned data and the web beacons to your email address and an individual ID. We use the data obtained in this way to create a user profile so we can tailor the newsletter to your individual interests. We record when you read our newsletters and which links you click on in them, and infer your personal interests from this. We link this data to actions you perform on our website.
You can object to this tracking at any time by clicking on the separate link provided in each email or by informing us by means of another contact channel. The information is stored for as long as you are subscribed to the newsletter. After unsubscribing, we store the data for purely statistical purposes and in an anonymous format. Such tracking is also not possible if you have disabled automatic image display in your email program by default. In this case, the newsletter will not be displayed to you in full and you may be unable to use all the functions. The aforementioned tracking takes place if you opt to display the images manually.
u) Downloading technical documentation and software (e.g. whitepaper, DevPack)
You can use our contact forms and the request forms to send a message to our specialist departments or to request a whitepaper. They are primarily used to contact interested individuals with regard to our products and services. Please note that your message cannot be assigned to a specific recipient at first; instead, it will be distributed to the contacts in our company by the designated office. If you would like to address your request directly to a specific contact, without receiving information from other contacts in our company, we kindly ask that you send us your request over the telephone or by post, naming the specific contact.
The only mandatory information for sending the contact forms or request forms is your email address or your full name and the company name. Any other, separately marked data that may be provided is voluntary and used to address you personally. If you do not want to provide your name, you can also enter a pseudonym.
We delete requests as soon as they are no longer required and there is no further legal obligation to retain them. We regularly review the necessity; furthermore, the legal archiving obligations that may particularly arise from tax law or commercial law apply.
v) Contact form / request form
You can use our contact forms and the request forms to send a message to our specialist departments or to request a whitepaper. They are primarily used to contact interested individuals with regard to our products and services. Please note that your message cannot be assigned to a specific recipient at first; instead, it will be distributed to the contacts in our company by the designated office. If you would like to address your request directly to a specific contact, without receiving information from other contacts in our company, we kindly ask that you send us your request over the telephone or by post, naming the specific contact.
The only mandatory information for sending the contact forms or request forms is your email address or your full name and the company name. Any other, separately marked data that may be provided is voluntary and used to address you personally. If you do not want to provide your name, you can also enter a pseudonym.
We delete requests as soon as they are no longer required and there is no further legal obligation to retain them. We regularly review the necessity; furthermore, the legal archiving obligations that may particularly arise from tax law or commercial law apply.
w) Registration with Facebook Connect
Instead of registering directly on this website, you can register with Facebook Connect. The provider of this service is Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Ireland. However, according to Facebook, the data collected is also transferred to the USA and other third countries.
If you choose to register with Facebook Connect and click on the ‘Login with Facebook’ / ‘Connect with Facebook’ button, you will be automatically redirected to Facebook’s platform. You can log in there with your user credentials. This will link your Facebook profile to this website or our services. This link gives us access to your data that is stored on Facebook. This mainly includes the following: Facebook name, Facebook profile and cover picture, Facebook cover picture, email address stored on Facebook, Facebook ID, Facebook friends lists, Facebook likes, date of birth, gender, country, language
This data is used to set up, provide and personalise your account. Registration with Facebook Connect and the associated data processing operations are based on your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR). You may revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future.
Insofar as personal data is collected on our website using the tool described here and forwarded to Facebook, we and Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland, are joint controllers who are responsible for this data processing operation (Art. 26 of the GDPR). The joint responsibility is limited exclusively to collecting the data and transferring it to Facebook. Data processing by Facebook that takes place once we have forwarded the data does not fall under our joint responsibility. The obligations incumbent on us jointly have been set out in a joint processing agreement. You can find the text of the agreement at:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/controller_addendum
. According to this agreement, we are responsible for providing the privacy information when using the Facebook tool and for implementing the tool on our website in a privacy-safe manner. Facebook is responsible for the data security of Facebook products. You can assert your rights as a data subject (e.g. access requests) regarding the data that Facebook processes directly with Facebook. If you assert your rights as a data subject with us, we are obligated to forward them to Facebook.
Data transfer to the USA is based on the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. Facebook ensures and provides adequate safeguards to comply with European data protection law. Details are available here:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/EU_data_transfer_addendum
,
https://en-gb.facebook.com/help/566994660333381
and
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
For more information, please see the Facebook Terms of Service and the Facebook Privacy Policy. You will find them at:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/about/privacy/
and
https://en-gb.facebook.com/legal/terms/
.
x) JIRA Ticketing software
We make use of the JIRA application of Atlassian. Pty Ltd, Level 6, 341 George Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. This web application is aimed at error management, troubleshooting and operational project management Our web site provides an access form for the creation of tickets which can subsequently be managed by the relevant departments. Usage is based on consent to the processing of an enquiry. Data transfers to the hoster are based on standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission. For more information on the Atlassian hoster, please visit
https://www.atlassian.com/trust/privacy
or
https://www.atlassian.com/trust/privacy/country/europe-and-gdpr
.
y) Matomo web analytics service
This web site uses the Matomo web analytics service to evaluate user access to the site. The legal basis for use of the service is provided by article 6 subsection 1 line 1(f) of the GDPR. The specific purpose of use is to improve our web site and tailor it to your needs on the basis of data collected anonymously. Information gathered in this way is exclusively stored on our servers in Germany.
For the purpose of evaluation, the cookies which are described above are generally stored on your computer. However, no cookies will be stored before or without your respective consent in our cookie/consent banner, or you can prevent the storage of cookies in whole or in part through settings in your browser. Thus, Matomo is used in the cookieless mode, and the functionality of the website may also nevertheless be restricted. Before granting your consent, or if your consent is not given, we only collect anonymized data by using Matomo. The IP addresses are anonymized (IP masking), so that an allocation to individual users will not be possible. In this case, no cookies will be stored on your device as well.
This processing is based on our legitimate interest in optimizing our website for our outward representation and the security-related logging of compiled user visits to detect anomalies. Data will not be used for any other purposes. The anonymous data collection will moreover prevent the tracking of users across various websites, or within the same website over several days. So-called user profiles cannot be created as a result.
You can also stop the anonymous data collection. If you click the following link, your data will not be added to the anonymous statistics:
authentication.matomo.cloud/index.php
In addition, our web analyse service respects the DoNotTrack default setting, if it has been enabled in your browser.
This website uses Matomo with the activated "Anonymize Visitors' IP addresses" setting. This means that IP addresses will be processed in abbreviated form, a direct link to a person can be thus excluded. This data is neither passed on to third parties nor linked with other data. The Matomo platform is an open-source project. To view the third-party provider’s data privacy policy, please visit
matomo.org/privacy-policy/
. Additional information can be found on the data privacy page of the cloud service provider at
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-privacy-policy/
on the servers of which the service is hosted.
13. Calendly appointment booking
We are using the planning and organisation tool Calendly of the provider Calendly, Inc., 115 E Main St., Ste. A1B, Bufort, GA 30518, USA (hereinafter: Calendly).
After having been invited to make an appointment, you will be thus redirected to Calendly. Personal data in the form of contact details such as name and email address will be processed. Displaying and selecting the planning and organisation of appointments shall be the purpose of data processing.
The legal basis for data processing shall be Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. A contract on order data processing according to Art. 28 GDPR has been concluded between us and Calendly. We are not aware that Calendly passes on personal data to any third party. Calendly, Inc. ensures and provides sufficient guarantees for complying with European data protection law, for example by using EU standard contractual clauses. You will find more information on the processing of your data and data protection when making an appointment at
https://www.calendly.com/privacy
.
D. Applicants
1. Purposes and legal basis of processing your application data
We process personal data about you for the purpose of your application for employment, insofar as doing so is necessary for the decision to establish an employment relationship with us. The relevant legal basis is Section 26 (1) in conjunction with (8), sentence 2 of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), insofar as personal data about you is processed for the purpose of your application for employment, provided that doing so is necessary for the decision on the establishment of an employment relationship with us. Furthermore, personal data about you may be processed insofar as doing so is necessary to defend established legal claims against us arising from the application process. The legal basis for data processing is Art. 6, (1), sentence 1, (f) of the GDPR. The legitimate interest results from the procedural steps associated with the purpose and is, for example, a burden of proof in proceedings under the German General Act on Equal Treatment (AGG).
Insofar as an employment relationship is established, the respective joint controller company is entitled pursuant to Section 26 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act to further process the personal data already received from you for the purposes of the employment relationship if doing so is necessary for implementing or terminating the employment relationship or for exercising or fulfilling the rights and obligations arising from the employee interests group resulting from a law or a collective agreement, a works agreement or a service agreement (collective agreement).
2. Processed categories of personal data
Elatec processes your personal data associated with your application. This may include general personal data (such as your name, address and contact details), information about your professional qualifications and school education, information about further professional training, or other information that you provide in connection with your application. Furthermore, in individual cases, we may process work-related information that you have made publicly available, such as a profile on professional social networking sites.
Please do not submit any information that is unrelated to the application. In particular, we request that you do as we do, and refrain from sending information revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, as well as your genetic data, biometric data uniquely identifying a natural person, health data or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation.
3. Sources of processed data
The data is usually collected directly from you. This is done by sending your application documents to the Elatec Group (e.g. by using our online application form). In individual cases, job-related information that you have made publicly available may also be processed (e.g. information that is accessible through a profile on a professional social networking site). Such a case particularly exists if you disclose a profile on a social media platform as part of the application process or contact us using such a profile or communication channel for the purpose of the application.
4. Categories of recipients
The Elatec Group may transfer your personal data to its affiliated companies under Art. 4 (19) of the GDPR to the extent that doing so is permissible in the context of the purposes and legal bases set out above. Furthermore, personal data is processed on our behalf based on contracts pursuant to Art. 28 of the GDPR, particularly by host providers or providers of applicant management systems.
Your data will be forwarded within the organisation to the Group’s HR department and the departments of the company in question that are entrusted with the decision-making process. The latter are particularly the decision-makers within the department where the position you have applied for is located.
5. Erasure of your data
The Elatec Group stores your personal data for as long as is necessary to make a decision concerning your application. Insofar as an employment relationship between you and Elatec is not established, Elatec may furthermore continue to store data insofar as doing so is necessary for defence against potential legal claims. In this case, the application documents will be deleted six months after you are notified of the rejection decision, unless longer storage is necessary due to legal disputes.
This only time that this regulation does not apply is if you have agreed to be included in Elatec’s applicants pool. The applications stored in the applicants pool may be used for subsequently advertised positions that fit the applicant’s profile. However, personal data in the applicants pool will also be deleted after three years at the latest. Once this period has elapsed, you must resubmit your information to the Elatec Group for it to be considered in further application processes.
6. Application form
You can submit an application to us using the application form. This forms part of our online application process, which is encrypted and convenient in this modern format. The personal data you provide for this purpose will be distributed to the appropriate contacts in our company (i.e. to the employees who are responsible for preparing and carrying out the application process).
Mandatory data for sending the application form that we receive from you is the data that you enter online in the application form on the application platform and the files that you upload (such as your cover letter, passport photo, CV, certificates, etc.).
We process your personal data for the purpose of initiating an employment relationship. The legal basis for processing in this regard is derived from Section 26 of the German Federal Data Protection Act. To provide the application form, we use the external service provider BITE GmbH, Magirus-Deutz-Strasse 12, 89077 Ulm, which supports us in operating the application portal strictly pursuant to instructions and with which separate contracts for commissioned data processing have been concluded. Data is not transferred to third countries.
If we are unable to make you a job offer, if you reject a job offer or if you withdraw your application, we reserve the right to retain the data you have provided based on our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR) for up to six months from the end of the application process (rejection or withdrawal of the application). The data is then deleted and the physical application documents are destroyed. Retention particularly serves as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. If it is evident that the data will be required after the six-month period has elapsed (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), the data will only be deleted when the purpose for continued retention no longer applies. Retention for a longer period of time lasting up to 12 months in our talent pool may also take place if you have given your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR) by ticking the corresponding box in the application form or by other means or if legal retention requirements prevent erasure.
7. Data transfer to a third country
There are no intentions to transfer your data to a third country.
E. Customers and interested individuals
We process personal data in the context of customer relationships insofar as doing so is necessary for the conclusion, performance or preparation of a contract. The relevant legal basis is Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR, insofar as Elatec carries out processing operations for which it obtains consent for a specific processing purpose. If personal data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case, for example, with processing operations that are necessary for the delivery of goods or the provision of another service or consideration, processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR. This also applies to such processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (e.g. in the case of (prospective) customer enquiries about our products or services). If our company is subject to a legal obligation by which personal data processing becomes necessary (e.g. for the fulfilment of tax obligations), processing is based on Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR. Processing operations may also be based on the permission basis set out in Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. This is possible in the case of processing operations where processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest belonging to Elatec or a third party, provided that the data subject’s interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedoms are not overridden.
When you contact us (e.g. using the contact form, by email, over the telephone or using social media), the user’s details are processed pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR for the purpose of dealing with and handling the contact request. Users’ details may be stored in a customer relationship management system (‘CRM system’) or similar communication organisation system. Processing in the context of CRM is the joint responsibility of the Elatec Group.
1. Processed categories of personal data
Elatec processes your personal data in connection with the contractual relationship. This also applies to data belonging to interested individuals who are informed of potential services. In terms of categories of personal data, this may be general information (e.g. name, address and contact details), contract-related communications or past contract history.
2. Sources of processed data
The data is usually collected directly from you. This happens, for example, when you hand over your business card or give us your name and contact details. Indirect collection takes place in cases where customers’ personal data is transferred to us by third parties. This is the case, for example, when a contact at a company that is our customer is appointed by the customer company. In individual cases, job-related information that you have made publicly available may also be processed, as it can be accessed using the likes of a profile on a professional social networking site or the company website. Should you disclose data from third parties to us, please ensure that you have the permissions to disclose the data and that the necessary consents for processing by us under this policy have been obtained from the data subject.
3. Categories of recipients
The Elatec Group manages the customer data in the context of joint responsibility within the Elatec Group. It may transfer your personal data to its affiliated companies under Art. 4 (19) of the GDPR, insofar as doing so is permissible in the context of the purposes and legal bases set out above. Personal data is also processed on our behalf based on contracts pursuant to Art. 28 of the GDPR, particularly by host providers or providers of CRM systems.
Your data will be forwarded within the Elatec Group’s organisation to the Sales department and the departments entrusted with processing the contractual relationship.
4. Erasure of your data
Elatec stores your personal data for as long as it is required by law or for as long as there is a statutory retention period. Inactive customer or prospect accounts are regularly deleted from the system. If the data cannot be erased due to conflicting legal retention requirements, it will be blocked instead. In a first stage, blocking can also be carried out by means of work instructions that prohibit employees’ access to and use of the data.
5. Data transfer to a third country
Transfer to a third country may take place in the case of support requests depending on country-specific customer requirements. Likewise, in the context of processors, ensuring the necessary safeguards for transfer to a third country.
6. Newsletter
We use the ‘double opt-in procedure’ for subscription to our newsletter. This means that, once you have subscribed, we send an email to the specified email address requesting your confirmation that you would like to be sent the newsletter. If you do not confirm your subscription, your information will be blocked and will ultimately be automatically deleted. Additionally, we store the IP addresses you use and the times of subscription and confirmation. The purpose of this procedure is to prove your subscription and, if necessary, to resolve potential misuse of your personal data (Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR). Following your confirmation, we store your email address for the purpose of sending the newsletter. The legal basis is Art. 6 (1), sentence 1 (a) of the GDPR. You can revoke your consent to receiving the newsletter and unsubscribe from it at any time. You can confirm your revocation by clicking on the link provided in every newsletter email, using our website or by emailing or sending a message to the contact details provided in the legal notice. We would like to point out that we evaluate your user behaviour when we send the newsletter. For the purpose of this evaluation, the sent emails include ‘web beacons’, ‘tracking pixels’ and single-pixel image files that are stored on our website. To carry out the evaluations, we link the aforementioned data and the web beacons to your email address and an individual ID. We use the data obtained in this way to create a user profile so we can tailor the newsletter to your individual interests. We record when you read our newsletters and which links you click on in them, and infer your personal interests from this. We link this data to actions you perform on our website.
7. Miscellaneous processing for advertising purposes
We use your data to inform you of the products and services that we in the Elatec Group offer. Our marketing may include measures such as the use of data for advertising purposes, data storage, address matching, selection measures or advertising scoring. Targeting is directed to the contact details available to us and may include targeting by electronic communication (including social media), post and telephone, as well as personal contact. For this purpose, addresses and telephone numbers are acquired from the address dealer Lusha Systems Inc, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1410, Boston, MA 02199, United States. This includes telephone numbers, addresses and e-mail addresses of employees of potential client companies. Lusha Systems Inc. guarantees to comply with the data protection regulations according to the German Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection regulations. This serves to protect the Elatec Group's overriding legitimate interests in addressing potential customers in an advertising manner in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 Sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. If consent to use for advertising purposes has been declared, Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR shall be the relevant legal basis. If applicable, the mail shots and advertising calls are provided as part of processing on behalf of one of our service providers, to whom the data is passed on for this purpose. In these cases, the necessary agreements under data protection law have been concluded. The storage and use of data for these purposes can be objected to at any time by sending a message to the contact option stated in this data protection declaration. If deletion from the address pool of an address dealer is requested, it must be contacted directly, and the objection must be declared to the address dealer.
F. Contact the data protection officer
You are welcome to contact our data protection officer for all questions related to personal data processing and exercising your rights under the GDPR using the following details:
datenschutz@hjp.de
, Phone: +49 (0)6841 9816 0, Fax: +49 (0)6841 9816 29
G. Your rights as a data subject
You have the right to receive (free of charge, at any time and without any need to state reasons) information about data concerning you that we have stored, as well as about the origin, recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is disclosed and the purpose of the storage. You can have the data that we collect about you rectified or erased, restrict processing of the same and exercise your right to data portability at any time. Furthermore, you also have the opportunity to exercise your right to object.
Rectification, erasure or restriction of processing
: You have the right to request that Elatec immediately rectify inaccurate personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
Right to object
: Insofar as personal data concerning you is processed based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of this data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. We no longer process this personal data unless Elatec can demonstrate compelling and legitimate grounds for processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms, or if processing serves to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
Right to object
: If processing is based on your consent, you have the right at any time to revoke your consent, without such revocation having any impact on the lawfulness of processing carried out based on consent until the same is revoked. You can contact us or our data protection officer at any time using the above-mentioned details for this purpose.
Right to erasure
: You have the right to request that Elatec immediately erase personal data concerning you, and Elatec is obligated to immediately erase personal data where one of the following grounds applies:
The personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
You object to the processing and there are no other overriding legitimate grounds for the processing.
The personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation under Union or member state law that we are subject to. This will not apply where processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that requires processing under the law of the European Union or the member states that we are subject to.
Right to restriction of processing
: You have the right to request that Elatec restrict processing where one of the following prerequisites applies:
You dispute the accuracy of the personal data for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
Processing is unlawful and you refuse erasure of the personal data and instead request that use of your personal data be restricted.
Elatec no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or you have objected to the processing until it has been determined whether our legitimate grounds override yours.
If processing was restricted, such personal data may – with the exception of storage – only be processed with your consent, for establishing, exercising or defending legal claims, for the protection of rights of another natural or legal person, or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or of a member state.
If you have obtained a restriction on processing pursuant to the above list, we will inform you before the restriction is lifted.
Right to lodge complaints
: Regardless of another administrative or judicial legal remedy, you have the right to lodge complaints with a supervisory authority, particularly in the member state where your place of residence, your workplace or the place of the suspected violation is located if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you is in violation of the GDPR. You can also contact the Elatec Group’s data protection officer. You can reach them on the following details:
datenschutz@hjp.de
, Phone: +49 (0)6841 9816 0, Fax: +49 (0)6841 9816 29
H. Need to provide personal data
The provision of personal data is neither legally nor contractually required, nor are you obligated to provide the personal data. However, the provision of personal data is necessary for concluding a contract with us. So, unless you provide us with personal data, we will not enter into a contractual relationship with you. If a contract has not been concluded yet, we follow the principle of collecting as little data as possible. Nevertheless, a minimum amount of contact data is necessary so we can provide you with the information you require about our products and services and so we can provide our service.
I. No automated decision-making
No automated decision-making takes place on a case-by-case basis under Art. 22 of the GDPR.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
19
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x11]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
_abck
Used to detect and defend against replay-cookie-attacks – The cookie is necessary for the security and integrity of the website.
ak_bmsc
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
bm_mi
Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website.
bm_sv
Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website.
bm_sz
Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website.
cb_admin
Identies the Cookiebot system onboarding
CrossConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
cb_experiments
This cookie is used to ensure the correct version of a page is displayed to the user. It assigns a variant flag (a, b, or c) as part of an A/B testing process to maintain a consistent user experience across page visits. This cookie does not store personal information or track user behavior beyond delivering the correct page layout.
Usercentrics
3
Learn more about this provider
__akfp_storage_test__
Used to detect whether the website can store user data in local storage.
ASP.NET_SessionId
Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests.
dummy
Used to detect whether the website can store user data in local storage.
Zendesk
2
Learn more about this provider
_zendesk_authenticated
Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status.
_zendesk_shared_session
Preserves users states across page requests.
cookiebot.com
manage.cookiebot.com
2
ASPXAUTH [x2]
Identifies the user and allows authentication to the server
cookiebot.zendesk.com
g2.com
g2crowd.com
support.cookiebot.com
4
__cf_bm [x4]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cookiebot.zendesk.com
support.cookiebot.com
3
_cfuvid [x3]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
img.sct.eu1.usercentrics.eu
imgsct.cookiebot.com
2
1.gif [x2]
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
p28.zdusercontent.com
support.cookiebot.com
2
_zendesk_session [x2]
Preserves users states across page requests.
pi.pardot.com
resources.cookiebot.com
4
visitor_id#-hash [x4]
Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
9
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x3]
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
MasterPopup
Pending
_answer_bot_service_session
Used in context with the Zendesk Answer Bot function – This function sets an account-ID, in order to identify users upon support-requests and detect whether an existing help-article is relevant.
loglevel
Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session.
cb_preferences
Remembers whether the user has minimized or closed pop-up messages on the website. And to maintain filter selection when browsing the website.
cb-currency
Stores the user's currency preference
userlang
Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website.
Intercom
3
Learn more about this provider
intercom-device-id-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
intercom-id-#
Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
intercom-session-#
Sets a specific ID for the user which ensures the integrity of the website’s chat function.
Zendesk
1
Learn more about this provider
ZD-automaticAnswers
Used in context with the Zendesk Answer Bot function – This function sets an account-ID, in order to identify users upon support-requests and detect whether an existing help-article is relevant.
js.intercomcdn.com
manage.cookiebot.com
support.cookiebot.com
3
intercom.intercom-state-# [x3]
Remembers whether the user has minimized or closed chat-box or pop-up messages on the website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
FPID
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
FPLC
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Hotjar
5
Learn more about this provider
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
YouTube
1
Learn more about this provider
yt-player-headers-readable
Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings.
Zendesk
1
Learn more about this provider
hc:#:recently_visited_articles
Registers which articles the user has visited in a Zendesk knowledge base.
cdn.amplitude.com
7
AMP_unsent_#
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AMP_#
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AMP_MKTG_#
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AMP_TEST [x3]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AMP_TLDTEST
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
cb_mktg
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Google
24
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga [x5]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_# [x5]
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gat [x3]
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
_gid [x3]
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
Google Icon
Pending
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
pagead/gen_204/
Pending
Intercom
1
Learn more about this provider
gtm_id
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
3
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Microsoft
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Pardot
1
Learn more about this provider
lpv#
Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open.
Reddit
4
Learn more about this provider
rp.gif
Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function.
_rdt_uuid [x3]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
YouTube
38
Learn more about this provider
#-# [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
iU5q-!O9@[#COOKIETABLE_ADVERTISING#]nbsp;[x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
requests [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt.innertube::nextId [x2]
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases [x2]
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name [x2]
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
pardot.com
resources.cookiebot.com
2
pardot [x2]
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
pi.pardot.com
resources.cookiebot.com
4
visitor_id# [x4]
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
Cross-domain consent
7
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
www.cookiebot.com
admin.cookiebot.com
manage.cookiebot.com
support.cookiebot.com
www.cybot.com
admin.usercentrics.eu
account.usercentrics.eu
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/13/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This means that cookies which are categorized as necessary, are processed based on GDPR Art. 6 (1) (f). All other cookies, meaning those from the categories preferences and marketing, are processed based on GDPR Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the
Cookie Declaration
on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our
Privacy Policy
.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Skip to content
www.cookiebot.com
Last update: March 3, 2025
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information.
I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE
The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the
Usercentrics A/S
Havnegade 39
1058 Copenhagen
Denmark
Phone: + 45 50 333 777
Email:
mail@usercentrics.com
Company registration number DK34624607
You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to
privacy@cookiebot.com
.
II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA
1. Scope of processing
In principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
2. Legal basis
The processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).
If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1.
3. Storage and deletion of your data
In principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.
We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract.
3.1. Data Retention Policy
Due to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account.
Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account.
End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account.
3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements
You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations.
3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion
No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy.
III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES
1. Scope of data processing
Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes:
1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs);
1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you);
1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you;
1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers;
1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert.
2. Data processed
2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g. this is  information like
– Information about the type and version of your internet browser,
– The operating system of your computer or smartphone,
– Your internet service provider,
– Your IP address,
– Date and time of your access,
– Geographic location,
– Websites from which you came to us,
– Websites that you visit from our site;
We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f).
The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days.
The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website.
2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan.
IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS
1. Description and scope of data processing
On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored.
Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored.
In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise.
2. Legal basis for processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a).
3. Purpose of the data processing
The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request.
4. Duration of storage
If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified.
5. Revoking consent and removal possibility
You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case.
V. WEBINARS
Usercentrics offers from time to time webinars, to which you can sign up from our website. In these cases the data put in the sign-up form during the sign-up process will be used by Usercentrics for the purposes of the webinar and communication regarding the webinar and other relevant topics. If the webinar is organized together with a partner, then the data might be shared with them. The data is processed on the legal basis of consent, Art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a GDPR. You have the right to withdraw your consent to process your data at any time by contacting
privacy@cookiebot.com
.
VI. NEWSLETTER
When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service at any time by contacting us at
unsubcribe@usercentrics.com
or by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time.
You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter.
Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters.
VII. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS
1. Scope of data processing
You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes:
1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours;
1.2 To identify you as a contracting party;
1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com;
1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you;
1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested);
1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions;
1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you;
1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or
1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.]
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”.
2. Data processed
If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed:
“Account Data”
When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details.
“Configuration Data”
We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”).
“System Generated Data”
The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.:
In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager.
In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, or if you check our privacy policy, sign up for our newsletter or download a resource, please  note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.
The UTM parameters and other identifiers allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are:
Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website.
Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels.
Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately.
Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better.
Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video.
Coupons: identifiers added to a campaign in order to track interactions with a campaign element or apply a discount.
The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 13.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers.
Aggregated statistical data on End User consents.
3. Legal basis for processing
Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
4. Purpose of the data processing
Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures.
5. Opposition and removal possibility
You always have the option to cancel your account. You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion.
VIII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/
for information on the cookies we use.
IX. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE
In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA.
The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law.
Your rights under California Privacy Law
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”)
You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including:
The categories of personal information collected
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information
The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared
The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by law
Right To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”)
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies.
Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”)
You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file.
Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information
You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page.
Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights
You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right.
Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information
Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use.
How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct
You may submit your request by sending an email to
privacy@cookiebot.com
.
We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements.
Response Timing and Format
Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request.
Children Under the Age of 16
Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16.
X.  MINORS
Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information. If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at
privacy@cookiebot.com
and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at
privacy@cookiebot.com
.
XI. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS
We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services.
The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites.
As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences.
The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties.
For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object.
We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences:
Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of
an agreement on joint processing of personal data
(so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller).
Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data
Privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Opt-out:
https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads
and
https://www.youronlinechoices.com
.
Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Privacy policy:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland).
Privacy policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Opt-out:
https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
.
Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland).
Privacy policy:
https://twitter.com/de/privacy
Opt-Out:
https://twitter.com/personalization
.
LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland).
Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of
an agreement on joint processing of personal data
(so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum).
Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries:
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
Privacy policy:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Opt-out:
https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out
.
Google my business
We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”).
We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services. The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy:
Google privacy policy
We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts.
If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to.
We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website.
XII. THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites.
XIII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES
13.1 Recipients of Data
Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential.
We will also share data among the Usercentrics entities (Usercentrics A/S, Usercentrics GmbH, Cybot A/S (including CYBOT A/S, odštěpný závod office in Prague), Usercentrics Unipessoal, Usercentrics Inc.), here also including sharing data among Cookiebot™ and Usercentrics products when needed. All the entities may have access to personally identifiable information on a need to know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential (joint controller agreement). See more information under section 13.3.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data.
In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us.
In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand.
If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so.
If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection.
13.2 Data Transfer to third Countries
As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art. 45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations.
If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed.
13.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties
Processor
Function
Data Processing
Location
Legal Basis
Privacy Policy of Processor for further information
Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway
Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142
USA
CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)
Geolocation to show the right cookie banner
IP addresses on the end user.
Database in the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.akamai.com/legal/privacy-and-policies/privacy-statement
Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
Analytics service
IP address, Geographical location
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://amplitude.com/privacy
Auth0, Inc, 10800 NE 8th Street, Suite 700, Bellevue, WA 98004, USA
Provides login and authentication options
Email address, password and IP address.
If you login with Google, your name and potentially your photo will also be processed.
Data will be shared among the Cookiebot™ and Usercentrics products.
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f
https://www.okta.com/privacy-policy/
Beamer provided by Joincube, Inc., 3500 South Dupont Highway, Dover, DE 19901, USA
Provides method to collect customer feedback and provide customer communication like alerts
First and last name, email address, IP address, referring URL and domain, pages visited, device type, operating system and browser type
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.getbeamer.com/privacy-policy
BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia
CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider)
P addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times
Database in the European Union
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://bunny.net/privacy/#:~:text=We%20do%20not%20store
Chili Piper Inc., 228 Park Ave S # 78136
NewYork, New York 10003-1502, USA
Booking and Meeting Platform
Meeting date, time and title, guest list, first name, last name, e-mail address
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.chilipiper.com/privacy-policy
Conversion Linker,
Google Ireland Limited,
Google Building, Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland
Conversion Measurement
IP Address, Usage data, Pages viewed, Referrer URL, Cookie information, Clicked advertisements, Click path, Clicks, Date and time of visit
In Ireland and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America
Monitoring service for cloud applications
IP address
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/
G2.com, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Suite 600, Chicago IL 60606, USA
Analytics service
IP address, Unique ID, Date and time of visit,
Page visited, Geographical location, Website activity
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland
By accepting the use of Google Ads, “Enhanced Conversion” will also be activated
Advertising
Web analytics service
Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time of visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info
For Enhanced conversion: email address, phone number, name, street and number, city, zip code and country
In Ireland and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
(By consenting to the use of Google Analytics data will also be shared with Google Ads for marketing purposes. Please see above under “Google Ads” for more information about this provider.)
Advertising
Web analytics service
Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL, Hashed e-mails
In Ireland and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Impact Tech, Inc.
223 E. De La Guerra Street, Santa Barbara, CA 93101, United States of America
Affiliate marketing
IP address, Browser information, Pages visited, Date and time of visit, Website activity, User data
USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://impact.com/privacy-policy/
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen
Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware
corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA;
Webchat service/chat function on our website
All information we receive in the chat function + type of account
In Ireland and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.intercom.com/legal/privacy
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland
(If you download our content directly through LinkedIn—not related to your cookie consent on
cookiebot.com
—data is shared with Google Ads for the purpose of retargeting. Please see above under “Google Ads” for more information about this provider.)
The data processed will be shared with Expandi.io (ProfitSoft B.V., Meerenakkerplein 51, Eindhoven, 5652BJ, the Netherlands), for the automation of communication and interaction on LinkedIn . You can find further information
here
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) –
Advertising
Web analytics service
Device info, IP address, Referrer
URL, Timestamp, Browser info, Hashed e-mails
In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?src=li-other&veh=www.linkedin.com
Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland
Facebook Pixel –
Advertising
Web analytics service
FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type, Hashed e-mails
In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland
Data hosting for CMP
Advertising
Web analytics service
Consent data
MSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth,
Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed, Hashed e-mails
Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-gb/privacystatement
Nexi (Nets A/S), Klausdalsbrovej 601, 2750 Ballerup, Denmark
Payment provider
Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information
Denmark
Locations worldwide
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.nexigroup.com/en/privacy-policy/
https://www.nets.eu/gdpr/pages/privacy-notice-for-nets.aspx
PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg
Payment provider
PayPal information,
Payment data,
Order number, Credit Card information,
Credit check and statistical data if applicable,
Address data if applicable
Worldwide
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.paypal.com/dk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Reddit for Business Reddit UK Limited,
5 New Street Square, London, United Kingdom, EC4A 3TW
Advertising service
IP address, User agent, Referrer URL, Advertising cookie information, sStandard event data, Device information, Browser information, OS Version, Screen width/height, Hashed e-mails.
United States of America
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.reddit.com/policies/privacy-policy
Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,
80636 Munich,
Germany
(By consenting to the use of Salesforce data will also be shared with LinkedIn for marketing purposes. Please see above under “LinkedIn” for more information about this provider.)
Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.
Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders.
Account data, Contact information, info from courses (percentage of the courses and the certification).
This data will be kept in Salesforceafter termination of the agreement with Cookiebot™.
Data will be shared among the Cookiebot™ and Usercentrics products
In the USA (San Francisco, CA)
For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.
For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA.
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy
SayMine Technologies
Data Privacy Request Management Tool
name, email address and other data shared by the requester
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. c
https://www.mineos.ai/legal/portal-privacy-policy
Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,
Rosenheimer Str. 143C
81671 Munich, Germany
Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email
Emails
EU and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
Sentry/Functional Software, Inc.,
45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
Error logging for frontend errors happening for users of our product.
IP address
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://sentry.io/privacy/
Storylane Inc., 2261 Market Street #4813, San Francisco, CA 94114, United States of America
Interactive Demo Platform
IP address
United States of America
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://www.storylane.io/privacy-policy
Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4
DK-6200 Aabenraa
DENMARK
Payment provider
Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information
Denmark
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.sydbank.dk/privat/kontakt/persondata
Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39
1058 Copenhagen
Denmark
Consent Management Platform Provider and Website Controller
Consent Data and other data as mentioned in this privacy policy
Denmark
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Valuecase GmbH,
Axel-Springer-Platz 3, 20355 Hamburg, Germany
Mutual Project Management Software to enhance sales cycle speed and conversion rates
Name, email address, company name, and other information you include in the system as a prospect.
Germany (EU)
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.valuecase.com/company/privacy-policy
Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark
Bookkeeping and accounting system
Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, Address
Other applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice
Denmark
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.e-conomic.dk/sikkerhed/privacy
YouTube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Advertising
Web analytics service
Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed
In Ireland and the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
(By accepting the use of Zendesk, the following additional Zendesk features will be accepted:
Zendesk Advanced AI
Intelligent triage
Intelligence in the context panel
Generative AI for agents
Macro suggestions for admins
Autoreply and internal note trigger actions
Generative AI for Help Center)
Support system for better communication with you
Name, Email address, IP address,
Any other information provided by you,
Data will be shared among the Cookiebot™ and Usercentrics products
Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, Germany
Data may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there.
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b
https://www.zendesk.de/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/#georedirect
https://support.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/5729714731290-Zendesk-AI-Data-Use-Information?
Zoom Video Communication Inc.,
55 Almaden Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Jose, CA 95113, USA
Cloud-based video conferencing service (ex. webinars)
Contact information (name, email address, phone number), IP address, Browser type, Location, Language preference,
Referral URL, User ID, Date and time stamp
In the USA
GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a
https://explore.zoom.us/en/privacy/#_Toc44414842
XIV. YOUR RIGHTS
If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us:
Right to information (Article 15 GDPR)
Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR)
Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR)
Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR)
Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order.
Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR)
Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR).
In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “
Name of the person responsible
“.
You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency.
XV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA
Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner.
Find out more information in our
Data Processing Agreement
.
XVI. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement
Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our
website and services
and our
Data Processing Agreement
.
XVII. UPDATES
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated.
This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 3, 2025.
Click
here
to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 2, 2025.
Stay informed
Join our growing community of data privacy enthusiasts now. Subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter and get all the latest updates right in your inbox.
Subscribe
By clicking on “Subscribe” I confirm that I want to subscribe to the Cookiebot™ newsletter. I can easily cancel my Cookiebot™ newsletter subscription and revoke consent to use my data by clicking the unsubscribe link or I can write to unsubscribe@usercentrics.com to make the request.
Privacy policy
.
Age*
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html:
Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities.
See how.
Faster, smarter marketing
Introducing Google Marketing Platform, a unified advertising and analytics platform for smarter marketing and better results.
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Sign in to Google Marketing Platform
Easy-to-use tools for small businesses
Get free tools to make the most of your marketing, from site and app analytics to intuitive testing and more.
See small-business solutions
Advanced solutions for large enterprises
Make deeper customer connections to drive better marketing results with a complete set of advertising and analytics solutions.
See enterprise solutions
Our Adidas teams
work together in one environment
where we can see audience insights, what creative we’re running and where, how it’s performing, and make changes almost in real time.
Chris Murphy
,
          Head of Digital Experience,
              Adidas
GMP_Logo_analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Learn more about Analytics
Analytics
Understand your customers so you can deliver better experiences.
Tag Manager
Manage all your tags without editing code.
Campaign Manager 360
Get a complete view of all your digital media campaigns.
Display & Video 360
Reach today’s always-connected audiences wherever they are.
Search Ads 360
Get real-time data and unified insights for your search campaigns.
1
Bain report: How top brands grow with timely customer connections.
New research from Bain shows how leading marketers are using platform integrations and technology to boost customer engagement by delivering more relevant experiences in the moment.
Read more
Case Study
Deckers Brands drives business growth with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
Feature Brief
Control how data is used in Google Analytics
Read more
Guide
Meeting the data challenge with Google Marketing Platform and Google Cloud
Read more
1
See all resources
Let’s partner up.
Whether you’re looking for help with a single project or a bigger, long-term partnership, Google Marketing Platform Partners have the resources and expertise you need to help you achieve more with your marketing.
Find a partner
Help when you need it.
We’re here to support you every step of the way, whether you use a single product or the entire Google Marketing Platform.
Get support
Sub-policy 3
https://js.foundation/about/governance/privacy-policy:
A safe and modern home for the web
OpenJS promotes the widespread adoption and continued development of key JavaScript technologies worldwide.
Become a member
JSConf North America
Home to projects that are changing the web
Browse all projects
Join the OpenJS Foundation
The OpenJS Foundation is the central place to support collaborative development of JavaScript and web technologies. Interested in joining? Learn more about membership benefits and how to join!
Join the foundation
Our members support the community
The OpenJS Foundation recognizes the critical supporting role of these organizations, and thanks them for their ongoing support of our project communities.
Recent posts
February 6, 2025
Strengthening Node.js Security: Key Updates, New Protections
January 15, 2025
CodeRabbit Joins the OpenJS Foundation as a Silver Member
CodeRabbit Membership
December 5, 2024
Sub-policy 4
https://www.npmjs.com/policies/privacy:
Skip to search
Skip to content
Site navigation
About npm
Getting started
Setting up your npm user account
Creating a new user account on the public registry
Creating a strong password
Receiving a one-time password over email
About two-factor authentication
Configuring two-factor authentication
Accessing npm using two-factor authentication
Recovering your 2FA-enabled account
Managing your npm user account
Managing your profile settings
Changing your npm username
Deleting your npm user account
Requesting an export of your personal data
Paying for your npm user account
Upgrading to a paid user account plan
Viewing, downloading, and emailing receipts for your npm user account
Updating user account billing settings
Downgrading to a free user account plan
Configuring your local environment
About npm CLI versions
Downloading and installing Node.js and npm
Troubleshooting
Generating and locating npm-debug.log files
Common errors
Try the latest stable version of node
Try the latest stable version of npm
Packages and modules
Introduction to packages and modules
About the public npm registry
About packages and modules
About scopes
About public packages
About private packages
npm package scope, access level, and visibility
Contributing packages to the registry
Creating a package.json file
Creating Node.js modules
About package README files
Creating and publishing unscoped public packages
Creating and publishing scoped public packages
Creating and publishing private packages
Package name guidelines
Specifying dependencies and devDependencies in a package.json file
About semantic versioning
Adding dist-tags to packages
Updating and managing your published packages
Changing package visibility
Adding collaborators to private packages owned by a user account
Updating your published package version number
Deprecating and undeprecating packages or package versions
Transferring a package from a user account to another user account
Unpublishing packages from the registry
Getting packages from the registry
Searching for and choosing packages to download
Downloading and installing packages locally
Downloading and installing packages globally
Resolving EACCES permissions errors when installing packages globally
Updating packages downloaded from the registry
Using npm packages in your projects
Using deprecated packages
Uninstalling packages and dependencies
Securing your code
About audit reports
Auditing package dependencies for security vulnerabilities
Generating provenance statements
About ECDSA registry signatures
Verifying ECDSA registry signatures
Requiring 2FA for package publishing and settings modification
Reporting malware in an npm package
Integrations
Integrating npm with external services
About access tokens
Creating and viewing access tokens
Revoking access tokens
Using private packages in a CI/CD workflow
Docker and private modules
Organizations
Creating and managing organizations
Creating an organization
Converting your user account to an organization
Requiring two-factor authentication in your organization
Renaming an organization
Deleting an organization
Paying for your organization
Upgrading to a paid organization plan
Viewing, downloading, and emailing receipts for your organization
Updating organization billing settings
Downgrading to a free organization plan
Managing organization members
Adding members to your organization
Accepting or rejecting an organization invitation
Organization roles and permissions
Managing organization permissions
Removing members from your organization
Managing teams
About the developers team
Creating teams
Adding organization members to teams
Removing organization members from teams
Managing team access to organization packages
Removing teams
Managing organization packages
About organization scopes and packages
Configuring your npm client with your organization settings
Creating and publishing an organization scoped package
Policies
Terms of Use
Open Source Terms
Private Terms
Code of Conduct
Package Name Disputes
npm License
Privacy Policy
Unpublish Policy
Copyright and DMCA Policy
Logos and Usage
Security
Replication and web crawler policy
Threats and mitigations
npm CLI
CLI Commands
npm
npm access
npm adduser
npm audit
npm bugs
npm cache
npm ci
npm completion
npm config
npm dedupe
npm deprecate
npm diff
npm dist-tag
npm docs
npm doctor
npm edit
npm exec
npm explain
npm explore
npm find-dupes
npm fund
npm help
npm help-search
npm init
npm install
npm install-ci-test
npm install-test
npm link
npm login
npm logout
npm ls
npm org
npm outdated
npm owner
npm pack
npm ping
npm pkg
npm prefix
npm profile
npm prune
npm publish
npm query
npm rebuild
npm repo
npm restart
npm root
npm run-script
npm sbom
npm search
npm shrinkwrap
npm star
npm stars
npm start
npm stop
npm team
npm test
npm token
npm undeprecate
npm uninstall
npm unpublish
npm unstar
npm update
npm version
npm view
npm whoami
npx
Configuring npm
Install
Folders
.npmrc
npm-shrinkwrap.json
package.json
package-lock.json
Using npm
Registry
Package spec
Config
Logging
Scope
Scripts
Workspaces
Organizations
Dependency Selectors
Developers
Removal
Changelog
npmjs.com
Status
Support
GitHub
Policies
Privacy Policy
Privacy Questions and Answers
See Details
Table of contents
What's most important?
How does npm collect data about me?
What data does npm collect about me, and why?
npm collects data about how you use npm software and registries
npm collects data about how you use the website
npm collects account data
npm collects package data
npm collects payment card data
npm collects data about correspondence
npm collects data about use of npm.community
Does npm share data about me with others?
npm uses cookies
How can I make choices about data collection?
Where does npm keep data about me?
How does npm handle data under the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
How does npm handle data under the California Consumer Privacy Act?
How can I see what data is publicly available about me?
How can I change data about me?
What is npm's policy on unpublishing packages?
How does npm notify others about published data that's erased?
What happens if npm merges with or is bought by another company?
What are npm's information practices regarding information belonging to children?
Who can I contact about npm and my privacy?
How can I find out about changes?
This notice describes how
npm, Inc.
, or
npm
for short, collects and uses data about you.
What's most important?
That depends on your personal situation, which is why you should read on and decide for yourself. But at a minimum, absolutely every npm user should understand:
The npm public registry is for making software available to everyone online.
But:
Software comes from people, and says something about us.
So:
Think carefully about what packages to publish, what data you put in those packages, and what others might do with that data.
When you create an account, certain contact information is displayed publicly in the npm platform. And when you upload a package, your name and contact information may become associated with that package.
If you find yourself in a jam,
open a support ticket
.
How does npm collect data about me?
npm collects data about you:
when you use the
npm command
, the
npx command
or another program to access the
npm public registry
,
Enterprise registries that npm hosts
,
private packages
, such as when you're publishing a software package, and APIs for functionality like account and permissions management
when you browse the npm website,
npmjs.com
when you use either the npm command or the website to create an npm account, update your account, and sign up for npm services
when you send support, privacy, legal, and other requests to npm
when working with and researching current and potential customers
When researching potential customers, npm staff sometimes search the public World Wide Web or paid business databases. Otherwise, npm doesn't buy or receive data about you from data brokers or other private services.
npm may inadvertently collect data about you if it is included in software packages that you or others upload.
What data does npm collect about me, and why?
npm collects data about how you use npm software and registries
When you use the
npm
command, the
npx
command, or other software to work with the npm public registry, an Enterprise registry that npm hosts, or private packages, npm logs data that might be identified to you:
a random, unique identifier, called
npm-session
, for each time you run commands like
npm install
the names and versions of your project's dependencies, their dependencies, and so on, that come from the npm public registry,
but not of other dependencies, like Git dependencies
the versions of Node.js, the npm command, and the operating system you are using
an
npm-in-ci
header, showing whether the command was run on a continuous integration server
the scope of the package for which you ran
npm install
, as an
npm-scope
header
a
referrer
header that shows the command you ran, with any file or directory paths redacted
data about the software you're using to access the registry, such as the
User-Agent
string
network request data, such as the date and time, your IP address, and the URL
npm uses this data to:
fulfill your requests, such as by sending the packages you ask for
send you alerts about security vulnerabilities that may affect the software you're building, when you run
npm install
or
npm audit
keep registries working quickly and reliably
debug and develop the
npm
command and other software
defend registries from abuse and technical attacks
compile statistics on package usage and popularity
prepare reports on trends in the developer community
improve search results on the website
recommend packages that may be relevant to your work
npm collects data about how you use the website
When you visit
www.npmjs.com
,
docs.npmjs.com
, and other npm websites, npm uses cookies, server logs, and other methods to collect data about what pages you visit, and when. npm also collects technical information about the software and computer you use, such as:
your IP address
your preferred language
the web browser software you use
the kind of computer you use
the website that referred you
npm uses data about how you use the website to:
optimize the website, so that it's quick and easy to use
diagnose and debug technical errors
defend the website from abuse and technical attacks
compile statistics on package popularity
compile statistics on the kinds of software and computers visitors use
compile statistics on visitor searches and needs, to guide development of new website pages and functionality
decide who to contact about about product announcements, service changes, and new features
npm collects account data
Many features of npm services require an npm account. For example, you must have an npm account to publish packages to the npm public registry.
To create an npm account, npm requires a working email address and an available user name. npm uses this data to provide you access to features and identify you across npm services, publicly and within npm.
You do not have to give your personal or legal name to create an npm account. You can use a pseudonym instead. You can also open more than one account.
If you sign up for an account, then npm will publish account data for the whole world to see on user pages
like this one
. npm also publishes account data through the npm public registry, which is available for everyone to see, and Enterprise registries that npm hosts for others to find with commands like npm owner ls tap.
If you give npm a personal name or names on social media like
GitHub
and
Twitter
through the website, like when you include this on your profile or user page, npm publishes that data along with the email address and user name for the account. You don't have to give npm a personal name or any social media names, and you can remove this data at any time by updating your user page.
npm uses your email to:
notify you about packages published using your account
reset your password and help keep your account secure
add metadata to packages that you publish
contact you in special circumstances related to your account or packages
contact you about support requests
contact you about legal requests, like DMCA takedown requests and privacy complaints
announce new npm product offerings, service changes, and features
send you tips about how to better use free and paid services
send you messages about paid services you might want
npm collects package data
When you use npm publish or other software to publish packages to the npm public registry, an Enterprise registry that npm hosts, or as a private package, npm collects the contents of the package, plus
metadata
, including your account data. Other npm users may also publish packages that include data about you, such as the fact that you contributed code to a package.
npm uses data in packages to provide those packages to you and others who request them:
When you publish a package to the npm public registry, or change a package from private to public, npm makes the package and metadata available to everyone, online.
When you publish a package to an Enterprise registry that npm hosts, or as a private package, npm makes all of that data available to other users according to how the registry or the private packages account is configured. You may be able to configure who can access the package, or that may be up to others, such as the administrator of your company's Enterprise registry.
Making package data available to others allows them to download, build on, and depend on your work.
npm collects payment card data
To sign up for paid services, npm requires your payment card data. npm itself does not collect or store enough information to charge your card itself. Rather,
Stripe
collects that data on npm's behalf, and gives npm security tokens that allow npm to create charges and subscriptions.
npm uses your payment card data only to charge for npm services.
npm instructs
Stripe
to store your payment card data only as long as you use paid npm services.
npm collects data about correspondence
npm collects data about you when you send npm support requests, legal complaints, privacy inquiries, and business inquiries. Those data usually include your name and email address, and may include your company or other affiliation.
npm uses contact data to:
respond to you
compile aggregate statistics about correspondence
train support staff and other npm personnel
review the performance of npm personnel who respond
defend npm from legal claims
npm collects data about use of npm.community
npm collects data about visits, user accounts, and forum data on
npm.community
, the discussion forum for users of npm products and services. npm uses data from npm.community to collaborate with the development community, and to inform development decisions about the command-line interface and other software.
Does npm share data about me with others?
npm shares account data with others as
mentioned in the section about account data
.
npm shares package data with others as
mentioned in the section about package data
.
npm publishes posts and other content you submit to
npm.community
.
npm does not sell information about you to others. However, npm uses services provided by other companies to provide npm services. The types of service providers that npm uses include:
Companies that enable us to offer features on our website, such as to display your avatar
Companies that facilitate the efficient distribution of content
Cloud computing platforms and services that host our discussion forums
Services that assist with the detection of spam, scams, abuse others, or other violations of our
terms of service
Payment processors
Platforms to help us receive, manage, and respond to support requests
Platforms for internal communication
npm uses cookies
npm's website only uses cookies strictly necessary to provide, optimize and secure the website. For example, we use them to keep you logged in, remember your preferences, authenticate your device for security purposes, analyze your use of the service, compile statistical reports, and provide information for future development of npm. The website uses internal cookies for analytics purposes, not any third-party analytics or service providers.
By using the website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your computer or device. If you disable your browser or device’s ability to accept these cookies, you will not be able to log in or use the website.
How can I make choices about data collection?
You choose what data the npm publish command includes in package data. You can use an
.npmignore
file in your package to keep specific files out of the package. You can also use a
files list in package.json files
to instruct npm to include only specific files that you name, in addition to standard files like
README
files,
LICENSE
files, and package.json.
To double check the data that you will share in a package that you plan to publish, run the
npm publish --dry-run
command. If you are running an older version of the npm command, run the npm pack command to create a
tarball
, then check its contents, such as with
tar tvzf $tarball
.
To publish a package to the npm public registry, npm's terms of service require you to
license npm to share it
. If a package is made public, it is available for everyone online to see. However, your
choice of public license for your package
may affect what others can do with data about you in your package.
npm does not respond to the
Do Not Track HTTP header
.
Where does npm keep data about me?
npm stores account data, data about website use, data about registry use, and private packages on servers in the United States of America. metadata about those packages worldwide, via content delivery networks.
npm stores package data published to Enterprise registries that npm hosts, plus metadata about them, in cloud computing zones of customers' choosing.
By using the npm platform, you consent to the collection and storage of your data as outlined in this section.
How does npm handle data under the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
npm respects privacy rights under
Regulation (EU) 2016/679
, the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). npm processes "Personal Data" on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide our services; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing our services where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedom related to data privacy. Information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities, as described above.
If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, or United Kingdom, you are entitled to certain rights, like the right to:
complain about our data collection or processing actions with the supervisor authority concerned. You can find a list of data protection authorities
here
.
access to information held about you.
ask us to correct or amend inaccurate or incomplete information we have about you.
ask us to erase data that under certain circumstances, like (1) when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, (2) you withdraw consent and no other legal basis for processing exists, or (3) you believe your fundamental rights to data privacy and protection outweigh our legitimate interest in continuing the processing.
request that we restrict our processing if we are processing your data based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest as an exercise of official authority (including profiling); using your data for direct marketing (including profiling); or processing your data for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
When you exercise your rights, npm may need to verify your identity and provide us with information before we access records containing your information. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact npm by
opening a support ticket
. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request or may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
How does npm handle data under the California Consumer Privacy Act?
npm respects the rights of California residents under the
California Consumer Privacy Act
(CCPA). Where we collect information that is subject to the CCPA, that information we collect and your rights are described below.
Categories of personal information we collect:
Personal Identifiers
:
Name and email address when you create an account. You will also be asked to create a username and we will assign one or more unique identifiers to your profile. We use this information to provide our services, respond to your requests, and send information to you.
We also collect your social media handle and basic account information if you provide it to us or interact with our services, such as our help desk, through social media.
We collect your payment information through our service provider, Stripe, as described above.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
: device identifiers such as IP address and user agent; the assigned unique IDs in cookies (as described below); information about how you arrived at and navigated through our Services.
Geolocation Data:
We do not collect your specific longitude and latitude. However, we do collect imprecise location (e.g., your IP address).
Professional or employment-related information:
If you apply for employment with us, information about your employment history.
Education information:
If you apply for employment with us, information about your educational history.
We may collect any other information about you contained in software packages uploaded to our site, as described above under the "npm collects package data" section. We also collect the contents of your communications with us, e.g., when you submit a question to us through a web form or comments to us on social media.
We may disclose any of the categories of personal information listed above and use them for the above-listed purposes or for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. Our disclosures of personal information include disclosures to our "service providers," which are companies that we engage for business purposes to conduct activities on our behalf. The categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described below.
Rights under CCPA:
Access/Right to Know
: You have the right to request access to personal information we collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it.
Deletion
: You have the right to request that we erase data we have collected from you. Please note that we may have a reason to deny your deletion request or delete data in a more limited way than you anticipated, e.g., because of a legal obligation to retain it.
To exercise your rights above, you can
open a support ticket
. When we process your request, we must verify your identity by asking you to (1) provide personal identifiers that we can match against information we may have collected from you previously; and (2) confirm your request using the email stated in the request.
Opt-out of sale:
California residents have the right to request that we stop "selling" their personal information. A "sale" of personal information is defined broadly: "selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration." We do not sell your information as defined by the CCPA.
Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the Personal Information only for that function.
We may also disclose information to other entities who are not listed here when required by law or to protect our Company or other persons, as described in our Privacy Policy.
How can I see what data is publicly available about me?
You can access your account data at any time by visiting your account page on
www.npmjs.com
. Your account page also lists all the packages published under your account or other accounts.
You can access package data by downloading the packages, as long as they're public or you have permission to access them.
You can see metadata about packages by running npm info $package, or by accessing the appropriate
registry's API
. Registry APIs provide metadata in standard
JSON
format, and packages as
tarballs
.
How can I change data about me?
You can change your personal account data and payment card data at any time by visiting your account settings page on
www.npmjs.com
. You can change account and payment data for Enterprise by
contacting support
.
You can close your npm account at any time by e-mailing
contacting support
. Closing your account removes the profile from the public registry but does not automatically erase packages published under your account. We may retain some data about you internally even where you close your account.
npm's
unpublish policy
determines when you can erase packages from the npm public registry. The unpublish policy strikes a difficult balance between the purpose of publishing and hosting packages, others' reliance on what has been made public, and individual rights and freedoms.
If another user improperly publishes personal data about you, in a package or otherwise,
open a support ticket
.
Please note that while
npm publishes notices about published data that's been erased
, npm can't make everyone who has downloaded published package data or account data erase that data on your behalf. Choosing a public license, such as an open source software license, may encourage and allow storage, distribution, and use of package data indefinitely. Nearly all popular open source software licenses actually require preserving personal data that attributes the software to you, such as copyright notices, as a condition of permission for the software.
What is npm's policy on unpublishing packages?
Please see
our policy on "unpublishing" packages
or
our terms of service
for more information on erasing packages.
If you accidentally publish a package that threatens your privacy, or discover someone else has published a package that does,
open a support ticket
. npm can and will take down packages in specific, exceptional situations to protect you, especially if others violate your privacy. Using npm to violate others' privacy is against our
terms of service
.
How does npm notify others about published data that's erased?
npm takes a few steps to notify others who may be copying data from the npm public registry that published data has been erased:
npm publishes new placeholder versions of some erased packages, with
README
files that mention the package has been erased, and why.
npm's
registry APIs
, special software services that others use to copy data from the npm public registry, send update messages about packages that have been erased.
What happens if npm merges with or is bought by another company?
We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Policy.
What are npm's information practices regarding information belonging to children?
npm's site and services are intended for users age sixteen and older. npm does not knowingly collect information from children. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from anyone younger than the age of 16, we will delete that information.
Who can I contact about npm and my privacy?
Please
open a support ticket
. You may also contact our Data Protection Officer directly.
Our United States HQ:
GitHub Data Protection Officer
Attention: npm Data Protection
88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St.
San Francisco, CA 94107
United States
or our EU Office:
GitHub BV
Vijzelstraat 68-72
1017 HL Amsterdam
The Netherlands
How can I find out about changes?
This version of npm's privacy questions and answers took effect June 3, 2020.
npm will announce the next version on the
npm blog
. In the meantime, npm may update
its contact information
by updating the page at
https://docs.npmjs.com/privacy
, without an announcement. npm may change how it announces changes in future privacy versions.
You can review the history of changes in
the Git repository for npm's public policies
.
Table of contents
What's most important?
How does npm collect data about me?
What data does npm collect about me, and why?
npm collects data about how you use npm software and registries
npm collects data about how you use the website
npm collects account data
npm collects package data
npm collects payment card data
npm collects data about correspondence
npm collects data about use of npm.community
Does npm share data about me with others?
npm uses cookies
How can I make choices about data collection?
Where does npm keep data about me?
How does npm handle data under the EU General Data Protection Regulation?
How does npm handle data under the California Consumer Privacy Act?
How can I see what data is publicly available about me?
How can I change data about me?
What is npm's policy on unpublishing packages?
How does npm notify others about published data that's erased?
What happens if npm merges with or is bought by another company?
What are npm's information practices regarding information belonging to children?
Who can I contact about npm and my privacy?
How can I find out about changes?
Sub-policy 5
https://www.bootstrapcdn.com/privacy-policy:
Quick Start
Get your production ready CDN links below. You can also automate your upgrades by pulling the latest versions from our API.
v5.3.3
CSS
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
JavaScript
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
JavaScript Bundle
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
v4.6.2
CSS
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
JavaScript
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
JavaScript Bundle
Click to copy
HTML
Click to copy
Pug
Click to copy
Haml
Click to copy
LEARN MORE
Check what makes us production ready
Sub-policy 6
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 7
https://privacy.xing.com/en:
Privacy at XING
Menu
Introduction
Your privacy
Your security
Who to contact
Updates
Privacy Policy
Your data.
Our responsibility.
We want you to know just how important protecting your data and privacy is to us.
Build a successful network.
Membership in a jobs network is essential when pursuing a career, and data forms the foundation.
XING is trusted.
More than 20 million members already entrust XING with their personal and professional data.
Cultivate your career.
Your data enables us to provide tailored suggestions that help you boost your professional network and further your career.
It's both our duty and our commitment.
We do everything we can to safeguard data. We have an extensive set of security measures in place that extend beyond the legal requirements.
Privacy made in Germany.
Founded in Hamburg, XING has always complied with some of the strictest privacy laws in the world.
Actions speak louder than words.
Learn more about the security measures we have in place and how you can tailor your privacy settings to suit your preferences.
Find out about your privacy
Sub-policy 8
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 9
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Legal
For Customers
Customer Terms of Service
Product Specific Terms
Jurisdiction Specific Terms
Data Processing Agreement
Product and Services Catalog
Acceptable Use Policy
HubSpot Security Program
Content Moderation @HubSpot
For Partners
App Partner Program Agreement
Solutions Partner Program Agreement
Marketing Affiliate Program Agreement
HubSpot for Startups Partner Agreement
Education Partner Agreement
For Developers
HubSpot Developer Terms
HubSpot Developer Policy
Acceptable Use Policy
For Everyone
Website Terms of Use
Website Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
European Union Digital Services Act
Modern Slavery Statement
Other Legal Docs
Community Terms of Use
Marketplace Terms of Use
HUG Program Agreement
UX Research Participation Agreement
Back to Legal Stuff home
HubSpot is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data we collect and process in the course of our business. HubSpot acts in different ways when processing data:
(i) HubSpot acts as a controller of your personal data when you sign up for our products and services, visit our websites or interact with us through other channels (for example in person events). We use this data for a variety of purposes, including to provide our products and services to you, contact you about relevant content, and improve and promote our products and services.
(ii) HubSpot acts as a processor when our customers use our products and services to collect and process personal data in connection with their sales, marketing, and other business activities. In this case, we act as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of personal data) under the HubSpot
Data Processing Agreement
included in the
Customer Terms of Service
.
(iii) HubSpot also acts as a controller when we collect and process personal data about individuals in their professional capacity, and make that information available to customers for their own sales, marketing, and other business activities. This includes personal data we may collect indirectly about you, such as from publicly available sources, our customers, or other third parties. For more information see the “What Information We Collect and Process” section.
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This Privacy Policy describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction.
(i) For information about how to exercise your privacy rights when HubSpot acts as a controller of personal data, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section.
(ii) To opt out and delete your personal data from our commercial dataset of professionals, please fill out
this form
.
(iii) If you wish to exercise your privacy rights regarding Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please refer to the customer policies and contact the customer directly.
We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, notify you directly (for example, by sending you an email notification). Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
.
1.
What
Information We Collect and Process
2.
How We Use Personal Data
3.
How We Share Personal Data
4.
How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally
5.
How We Store and Secure Personal Data
6.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
7.
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
8.
California Privacy Rights
9.
Other Important Privacy Information
10.
Google Integrations
11.
Contact Us
1
. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PROCESS
1.1 Information You Provide to HubSpot.
When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (such as HubSpot.com, the Hustle.co, etc.) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below.
1.1.1 When You Visit Our Websites. We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself.
1.1.2 INBOUND and Other Event Information. When you register for
INBOUND
or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration. Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events.
1.1.3 Account and User Information. We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service.
1.1.4 Payment Information. We collect payment and billing information when you register for or purchase paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process.
1.1.5 Testimonials. We may post testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data.
1.2 Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service.
Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may process Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our
Customer Terms of Service
.
We generally store and process information about and on behalf of our customers on our servers as a processor (or service provider) based on a customer’s instructions and in accordance with our
Customer Terms of Service
.  Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes.
If you have questions about the Personal Data we process on behalf of a customer, please contact the customer directly and refer to their policies.
1.3 Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service.
1.3.1 Usage Data. We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account.
We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see the "How We Share Personal Data" section.
1.3.2 Mobile. When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers.
1.3.3 Log Files. Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc.), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses.
When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings:
(i) when a HubSpot User logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;
(ii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by our product and services; or
(iii) when an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms).; or
(iv) third-party features and content from other companies.
Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
1.3.4 Third Party Integrations
You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account.
Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data.  We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see the
"Connect apps to HubSpot"
knowledge base article.
1.4 Information We Collect From Other Sources.
1.4.1 HubSpot Partners. We may receive information about you, or Users of your HubSpot Account (if applicable), from our global network of partners. We may receive this data through a number of ways, including through our deal and lead registration processes.
We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. You can read more information about our co-marketing program at https://www.hubspot.com/co-marketing-request-form. For more information about how we share data with our partners, review the "Partners" subsection of the "How We Share Personal Data" provision of this privacy policy.
1.4.2 Third Parties. We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners.
1.4.3 Personal Data from Different Sources. We may collect Personal Data about you from other sources, such as third party providers and publicly available sources (like social media platforms). This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our products, services, and records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications, and promote events.
1.4.4 Other HubSpot Companies and Affiliates. We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot.
1.5 Information We Collect and Process in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. HubSpot collects business contact and similar professional data from various sources, including publicly available sources, third party providers, and customers who use our enrichment products. This information powers our commercial dataset. We provide information from our commercial dataset to customers who choose to use enrichment products within the Subscription Services as part of their sales, marketing, and other business activities.
If you’d like to remove your Personal Data from our commercial dataset, complete and submit
this form
. For more information about how to exercise your privacy rights and choices, please see the “Your Privacy Rights and Choices” section for more information.
1.6 Information We Collect and Process via the HubSpot Tracking Code. Our Customers may install the HubSpot Tracking Code on their website to collect information about website visitors. HubSpot uses information collected by the tracking code, such as IP addresses and online identifiers, to improve our products and services, including our commercial dataset. We store information about website visitors on our servers and process this data for our own purposes as a controller.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the
"Install the HubSpot tracking code"
knowledge base article to learn more about data sharing with HubSpot.
2
. HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA
2.1 To Communicate with You About the Product and Services. We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for our products and services, to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters.
We also use your information to recommend new products and services and to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs.
If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
2.2 To Provide the Subscription Service. We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support.
2.3 To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services. We use professional data, log files, and usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in.
We may use Customer Data to support and develop AI features and functionality within the Subscription Service and similar products and services that rely on machine learning. You may opt out of having your Customer Data used to train HubSpot models by emailing
privacy@hubspot.com
.
We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product.
HubSpot Terms Tip: Please see the "
Opt out of HubSpot's machine learning data use"
knowledge base article to learn more about how your Customer Data is being used to train HubSpot models.
2.4 To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users. We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we associate automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number.
2.5 To Market and Promote the Subscription Service. We use Personal Data to advertise, market, and promote our products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use information like your email or physical address to send information or HubSpot content to you we think may be of interest to you, including by post, email, or other means.  We may also send you marketing communications relating to our business.
You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you. If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests.
We may reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded.  We may also reach out to you via SMS, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt out of those communications.
Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
We may use information collected from third party service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and improved services, personalized communications, event promotion, and to otherwise improve the user experience.
2.6 Other Purposes if We Obtain Your Consent. We may use your data for other purposes when you give us consent to do so.
2.7 Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only). If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted
here
.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you.
If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
3
. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
3.1 Service Providers.
We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards.
3.2 Partners. We may share your personal data with trusted HubSpot partners to: (i) contact you based on your communication preferences; (ii) help us perform statistical analysis; (iii) provide sales support; (iv) provide customer support; and (v) to improve our partner programs and Subscriptions Services. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data.
We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about their privacy practices and how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. You will always have a choice as to whether to disclose your Personal Information to our co-marketing partners. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see
this page
.
3.3 Advertising Partners. We allow advertising networks to collect information about your interactions with our websites in order to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads. We may also share Personal Data, such as your email address, with our advertising partners to deliver Hubspot’s personalized ads on other companies' sites or mobile apps.  You can opt out of having your data disclosed to our advertising partners through this
form
.
3.4 Corporate Events. If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data.
3.5 Public Forums. Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g., HubSpot Community, Connect.com, etc.). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in the"Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section of this Privacy Notice. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information; we will let you know if we are unable to and why, if permitted.
3.6 Compelled Disclosure. We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the
Customer Terms of Service
for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our
Data Disclosure and Transparency Report
.
3.7 HubSpot, Other Companies, and Affiliates. We may share your Personal Data with our current and future parents, Affiliates, subsidiaries, and other entities under common control and ownership to the extent necessary to fulfill your request or for other purposes permitted under this Privacy Policy.
3.8 HubSpot Customers in Connection with Our Enrichment Products. We may share Personal Data about individuals in our commercial dataset with our customers that use our enrichment products. Customers may use this information for their sales and marketing activities. We rely on our legitimate interests, as well as those of our customers, to collect and share data for the purposes listed. HubSpot’s and our customers’ legitimate interests are not more important than your privacy rights, and we process your data on the basis that people would expect their work-related data to be shared in this way. See the “Information We Collect and Process In Connection With Our Enrichment Products” section for more information.
4
. HOW WE TRANSFER PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONALLY
4.1 International Transfers within the HubSpot Group. To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information that may include Personal Data to other HubSpot Affiliates who act as subprocessors, where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see
Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement
for a list of impacted HubSpot Affiliates and their locations.
This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we rely upon the the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where required.  We also have additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), as described more in detail in the
HubSpot Trust Center
.
4.2 International Transfers to Third Parties. Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved Data Privacy Framework Standard Contractual Clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK.
4.3 Data Privacy Framework Notice. HubSpot complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively “the Data Privacy Framework”).
HubSpot has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from the European Union, and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-US DPF Principles with regard to the processing of Personal Data received from Switzerland. If there is any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles will govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are located in the EU, UK or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the Personal Data that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where Personal Data we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party or used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via the details provided below.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, HubSpot commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the DPF Principles should first contact HubSpot at
privacy@hubspot.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF Principles-related complaints within 45 days.
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, HubSpot commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of TRUSTe Dispute Resolution, are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the DPF website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the DPF Principles. HubSpot is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.
In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot will remain liable under the DPF Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Please note that under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
5. HOW WE STORE AND SECURE PERSONAL DATA
5.1 Data Storage and Security. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see
https://trust.hubspot.com/
.
5.2 Retention of Personal Data. How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the "Privacy Rights and Choices" section.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account.  We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created.
The data we process on behalf of customers connection with the Subscription Service is stored and secured according to the
HubSpot Customer Terms of Service
and Customer
Data Processing Agreement
.
6. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
6.1 Cookies. When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our
Cookie Policy
.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see the
HubSpot Cookie Policy
as updated by us from time-to-time, without additional notice.
6.2 Advertising. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info/
(or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads.
7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
7.1 Personal Data Requests. Depending on your location and applicable laws, you may have the following data protection rights:
(i) Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.
(ii) Objection or Restriction. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.
(iii) Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
To exercise any of these rights:
(i) for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use
this form
;
(ii) for the Hustle, please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the sharing of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
For all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle), you may also write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Please note that to protect Personal Data, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination.
We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. Depending on your location, and applicable laws, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available on the European Data Protection Board member page
here
.
If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers in most cases and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable.
7.2 Anti-Spam Policy. Our
Acceptable Use Policy
applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service.
7.3 To Unsubscribe From Our Communications. You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through the following methods:
(i) by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;
(ii) updating your communication preferences;
(iii) for HubSpot, by contacting us on the
HubSpot Privacy Request Form
;
(iv) for the Hustle by contacting us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(v) for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer.
Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their HubSpot Account or the Subscription Service.
7.4 To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications. Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 Applicability. This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents.
If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access.
8.2 How We Collect, Use, and Disclose Your Personal Information. We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months:
(i) Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources.
(ii) Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you.
(iii) Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device.
(iv) Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device.
(v) Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you.
(vi) Professional data, such as your job title and company.
(vii) Other Personal Data, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service.
(viii) Inferences drawn from any of the above categories, alone or in combination.
The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in the “How We Share Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy. The period of time for which we retain this information is described in the “How We Store and Secure Personal Data” section of this Privacy Policy.
In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” or “shared” (as defined under the CCPA) certain information, including identifiers, to our advertising partners. We have also “sold” or “shared” certain information, including identifiers, approximate location data, and professional data to our customers.
8.3 Your California Rights. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. These rights include:
(i) The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Data we have collected and maintained about you in the past 12 months.
(ii) The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Data collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions.
(iii) The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you.
(iv) The right to request information concerning the categories of Personal Data (if any) that we disclose to third parties or affiliates for their direct marketing purposes.
(v) The right to limit the use of sensitive personal information means that you have the right to direct businesses to only use your sensitive personal information for limited purposes. We only collect sensitive personal information (such as your payment information), as defined by applicable laws for the purposes allowed by law or with your consent. We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.
(vi) The right to appeal means that you can appeal any decision by us to deny your privacy rights under applicable laws.
(vii) The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights.
We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
8.4 How to Exercise Your California Rights. You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Data, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name and your email address. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Data. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.
We will respond within the time frame permitted by applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Please use the contact details below, or see the  "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section above, if you would like to:
(i) Access this policy in an alternative format;
(ii) Exercise any of your rights described above;
(iii) Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or
(iv) Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf.
8.5 Right to Opt Out of "Sale" or "Sharing". HubSpot collects data from publicly available sources or other third-party sources and discloses that information to our customers who purchase our enrichment products. This may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” under certain state privacy laws, such as the CCPA. Please see the "Information We Collect and Process in connection with our enrichment products” section for more information.
We may also "share" your Personal Data, as defined under the CCPA , with third party advertising partners to deliver personalized ads on HubSpot's behalf on other companies' sites or mobile apps. Please see the  "Advertising Partners" section for more information.
If you’d like your information to be removed from our commercial dataset, or would like to opt out from the "sharing" of your Personal Data for our advertising and marketing activities, please fill out
this form
.
You can also control the personalized advertising you see by using these services:
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
or
https://optout.aboutads.info
/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising and you will continue to receive generic ads.
We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Data of children under 16 years of age.
9. OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
9.1 Information About Children. HubSpot's websites, products, and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us
here
, so that we may delete the information.
9.1.1 Children's Information In the Subscription Service. Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to collect children's information, which may be included in Customer Data, under our
Customer Terms of Service
. For more information about how we process data on behalf of our customers as a processor, review the 'Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use the Subscription Service’ subsection of this privacy policy.
9.2 Third Party Dispute Resolution. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
10. GOOGLE PRODUCTS AND INTEGRATIONS
10.1 Google reCAPTCHA. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in
Google's Privacy Policy
. Additional information on Google services and products is available in
Google's Terms of Service
.
10.2 Gmail Integration. If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.
By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive, private, or highly confidential information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. Google Workspace APIs are not used to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or ML models.
If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access this data in the "
Connect your personal email
" knowledge base article.
10.3 Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data. HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
10.4 Google Calendar Integration. The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events.
10.5 Google Drive Integration. As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing.
10.6 Google Search Console. You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties.
10.7 Chrome Extensions.
10.7.1 Sales Extension. You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. Once installed, the Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.
10.7.2 Collect Extension. The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration.
10.7.3 Social Extension. The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published.
HubSpot Terms Tip: The Social Extension only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted at this ''
Install and use the HubSpot Social Chrome extension
" knowledge base article.
10.8 YouTube Integration. If you are a HubSpot Customer and choose to use the YouTube integration with your HubSpot Subscription Services, you will be asked to give us access to information from your YouTube account and have the option to link your accounts.
By using the YouTube integration with the Subscription Service you grant the HubSpot Subscription Service access to information associated with your YouTube account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your YouTube account to identify content you have elected to track in order to provide you with features in the Subscription Services. The Subscription Service will store information from your YouTube account. You understand that the information from your YouTube Account you track in the Subscription Services may be visible to other Users within your HubSpot Account.
Your use of HubSpot’s YouTube integration is subject to the YouTube Terms of Service available at
https://www.youtube.com/t/terms
and the Google Privacy Policy available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
In addition to the typical data deletion functionality supported in the Subscription Services, Customers may have the option to revoke the YouTube integration from your HubSpot account, in the Google security settings page at
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
HubSpot Terms Tip: You can learn more about how we access information or remove access to your Google account by following the steps in the "
Remove access to HubSpot in your Google account
" knowledge base article.
11. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format:
(i) for HubSpot contact us on our
Privacy Request Form
;
(ii) for the Hustle please contact us at
privacy@thehustle.co
; or
(iii) You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at:
Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer
HubSpot, Inc.
Two Canal Park
Cambridge, MA 02141 USA
Sub-policy 10
https://knowledge.hubspot.com/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy:
×
close
We use cookies to improve HubSpot’s site. Some cookies are necessary for our website and services to function properly. Other cookies are optional and help personalize your experience, including advertising and analytics. You can consent to all cookies, decline all optional cookies, or manage optional cookies. Without a selection, our default cookie settings will apply. You can change your preferences at any time. To learn more, check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Accept all
Decline all
Manage Cookies
Knowledge Base
right
Account & Setup
right
Privacy & Consent
right
Cookies set on HubSpot's websites
All products and plans
HubSpot is committed to privacy and protecting individual rights on the internet.
When you visit HubSpot websites for example, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, HubSpot automatically collects information using tracking technologies like cookies and tracking pixels.
HubSpot may use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate through websites, and to gather demographic information about HubSpot's user base. Learn more about
how HubSpot use cookies on its websites and how to manage your cookie preferences
.
HubSpot websites
Some of the HubSpot websites you might be visiting are:
www.hubspot.com
www.hubspot.de
www.hubspot.fr
www.hubspot.es
www.hubspot.jp
br.hubspot.com
app.hubspot.com (the HubSpot product)
www.inbound.com
connect.com
ecosystem.hupspot.com
academy.hubspot.com
community.hubspot.com
thehustle.co
ir.hubspot.com
Please note:
tracking pixels (e.g, ptq.gifs) are used to record anonymous data, such as page views and clicks. These don’t store any personal information and are not considered cookies.
If your site is hosted on the HubSpot product or uses the HubSpot tracking code, learn more about
cookies set in a visitor's browser by HubSpot
.
Learn about cookies
HubSpot websites use different types of cookies. Some cookies are necessary for the websites and services to function properly. Others are optional and help HubSpot to perform analytics, provide different functionality, or engage in targeted advertising.
Below is a list of the types of cookies may be set on your browser when you visit a HubSpot website.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies are cookies that are required for HubSpot's sites to function properly. The table below includes some examples of necessary cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
__cfduid
Cloudflare
Detection of malicious actors.
__hs_opt_out
HubSpot
Used by the cookie banner to remember not to ask the visitor to accept cookies again.
_hs_cookie_cat_pref
HubSpot
Saves the preferences chosen by the visitor from the cookie banner.
laboratory-anonymous-id
HubSpot
Session-based cookie platform to show and group individual user sessions in an anonymous and non-identifiable way, to allow
HubSpot.com
to work properly. It's discarded at the end of a session.
hs_login_email
HubSpot
Verifies the users email for log-in purposes to the HubSpot product.
hsgn
HubSpot
Necessary for login to the HubSpot product
ak_bmsc
Akami
Used by Akamai to optimize site security by distinguishing between humans and bots. bm_sv.
Hubspotapi
Hubspot
Allows the user to access the app with the correct permissions.
Hubspotapi-csrf
Hubspot
Used for CSRF prevention - preventing third party websites from accessing your data.
Hubspotapi-lax
Hubspot
Test cookie HubSpot uses to identify if the user’s browser accepts SameSite Lax cookies. It helps determine if HubSpot can make the Hubspotapi cookie SameSite Lax in the future, which is currently set as
SameSite None
.
Hubspotapi-prefs
Hubspot
Used with the hubspotapi cookie to remember whether the user checked the "remember me" box (controls the expiration of the main cookie's authentication).
Hubspotapi-strict
Hubspot
Similar to hubspotapi-lax, a test cookie which HubSpot uses to identify if the user’s browser accepts SameSite Strict cookies. It helps us determine if HubSpot can make the Hubspotapi cookie SameSite Strict in the future, which is currently set as
SameSite None
.
hs_langswitcher_choice
Hubspot
Sets browser language for user.
gbu9uvfhph6a0mdatwbzomssrlboczvs
E-Hawk Talon
Used to prevent fraudulent signups on their sign-up pages. It expires at the end of the session.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies are used to enhance the performance of a website. They're non-essential cookies controlled by the cookie banner. Without them, certain functions of the website may not be available.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of funtionality cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
The table below includes some examples of functionality cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
messagesUtk
HubSpot
This is the cookie used for
the
chatflows tool
. If you're a visitor, you can chat with a an agent on the site.
__hs_cookie_cat_pref
HubSpot
Records your category preference from the cookie banner after selection.
hs_high_contrast
HubSpot
Sets high-contrast settings on the site for the user.
gbu9uvfhph6a0mdatwbzomssrlboczvs
E-Hawk Talon
Used to prevent fraudulent signups on their sign-up pages. It expires at the end of the session.
Analytics cookies
Analytics cookies are non-essential cookies controlled by the cookie banner. They're used to track how users navigate and interact with the website. The information collected is used to help us improve the website.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of analytics cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
The table below includes some examples of analytics cookies.
Cookie name
Vendor
Purpose
_ga
Google
The main cookie used by Google Analytics, enables the service to distinguish one visitor from another.
_gid
Google
Used for Google Analytics to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
__hssc
HubSpot
Tracks sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. It expires in 30 minutes.
__hssrc
HubSpot
Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser. If this cookie doesn't exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it's considered a new session. It contains the value "1" when present. It expires at the end of the session.
__hstc
HubSpot
The main cookie used for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, HubSpotutk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session). It expires in six months.
hs-messages-is-open
HubSpot
Used to determine and save whether the chat widget is open for future visits.
It's set in your visitor's browser when they start a new chat, and resets to re-close the widget after 30 minutes of inactivity.
Hubspotutk
HubSpot
Keeps track of a visitor's identity. It's passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts.
It contains an opaque GUID to represent the current visitor.
__utma
Google
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the JavaScript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exist. It's updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
Advertisement cookies
Advertisement cookies are ad-pixel cookies (such as Facebook, LinkedIn, and Google). They're used to track user behavior, gather insights for us to deliver tailored ads to you.
If you're a visitor to a HubSpot site, you can opt out of advertisement cookies or manage your cookie preferences using the option provided in the cookie banner or the
Manage cookies
link in your browser.
You may have certain rights regarding the collection and use of your data under applicable data protections laws including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act. To opt out of having your information disclosed to advertising vendors, you can opt in your
Privacy Preferences
or through the
Your Privacy Choices
link in the footer of HubSpot website.
The table below includes some examples of advertisement cookies.
Cookie Name
Vendor
Purpose
UserMatchHistory
LinkedIn
These cookies are set by LinkedIn for advertising purposes, including: tracking visitors so that more relevant ads can be presented; allowing users to use the
Apply with LinkedIn
or the
Sign-in with LinkedIn
functions, collecting information about how visitors use the site, etc.
bscookie
LinkedIn
Used by LinkedIn to track the use of embedded services. LinkedIn "drops" on third party sites.
bcookie
LinkedIn
Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform and for diagnostic purposes.
_fbp
Facebook
A third-party cookie placed by Facebook and identified as the cookie that reports that behavior to Facebook. Facebook can then use the data it collects to understand that user better and show better, more relevant advertising.
_gcl_au
Google
Stores campaign information to provide Google Ads with a more reliable way to measure the interactions customers have with your business.
_uetsid
Bing
Used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site.
_uetvid
Bing
Used by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows HubWSpot to engage with a user that has previously visited a HubSpot website.
Privacy & Consent
Was this article helpful?
Yes
No
Thanks for letting us know. How would you describe this article?
Inaccurate: it doesn’t reflect what I see in the product
Unclear: it’s difficult to understand
Missing information: it’s not comprehensive enough
Irrelevant: it doesn’t match what I searched for
Great! Is there anything we could change to make it even more helpful?
Is there anything we could change to make this article helpful?
Allow HubSpot to contact me about my documentation feedback.
Email address
Only used if we need clarification on your feedback.
Thank you for your feedback, it means a lot to us.
Sorry this feedback form requires JavaScript to function.
This form is used for documentation feedback only. Learn how to
get help with HubSpot
.
0 / 0
Table of contents
HubSpot websites
Learn about cookies
down
Menu  Learn about cookies
Necessary cookies
Functionality cookies
Analytics cookies
Advertisement cookies
Related content
Table of contents
/privacy-and-consent/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy
Menu
Related content
Sub-policy 11
https://wistia.com/privacy:
Wistia
Wistia
Product
Video management
Hosting
Upload and store all your videos.
Embedding
Publish your videos wherever you want.
Ad-free player
Fast playback without any distractions.
Galleries
Give your video series a home.
Localization
Dub & translate your videos in 30+ languages.
Video marketing
Webinar hosting
Whip up seamless live events in no time.
Lead generation
Amp up ROI with lead gen forms.
SEO
Get more eyeballs on your videos.
Engagement
Encourage interaction with your content.
Wistia API
Build custom video experiences for your site.
Video creation
Recording
Capture yourself, your screen, or both.
Editing
Trim and polish videos in a snap.
Collaboration
Your team’s feedback, all in one place.
Video analytics
Analytics
All things video performance.
Video integrations
Marketing automation
Use video with HubSpot, Marketo, or Pardot
All integrations
See Wistia’s full integrations library.
Features Overview
Learning Center
Learning Center
Go from a camera-shy beginner to a video marketing pro.
Subscribe now
Blog
Support
Developer Docs
Customer Stories
Webinars
Tutorial Videos
Asset Library
Blog Categories
Marketing
Production
Product Updates
Wistia Culture
2024 State of Video Report
Level up your video strategy with insights from over 90 million videos, 100,000 businesses, and 2,000 professionals.
Pricing
Watch Demo
Talk to Sales
Log in
Get started
Jump to section
Introduction: Who We Are and Why We Collect Your Information
I. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
II. What Information Does Wistia Collect?
III. What Does Wistia Do With Personal Information?
IV. Will Wistia Share Any of the Personal Information it Collects?
V. What Is Wistia’s Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information?
VI. How Long Does Wistia Retain Your Personal Information?
VII. What Are Users’ Rights to Control Their Personal Information?
VIII. What Are Wistia’s Service Differences?
IX. Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
X. Children’s Privacy
XI. Contractual or Statutory Requirement
XII. Failure to Provide Personal Information
XIII. Automated Decision Making
XIV. Data Privacy Framework
XV. Changes to this Privacy Policy
XVI. Questions or Concerns; Contact Information
Jump to section
Introduction: Who We Are and Why We Collect Your Information
I. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
II. What Information Does Wistia Collect?
III. What Does Wistia Do With Personal Information?
IV. Will Wistia Share Any of the Personal Information it Collects?
V. What Is Wistia’s Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information?
VI. How Long Does Wistia Retain Your Personal Information?
VII. What Are Users’ Rights to Control Their Personal Information?
VIII. What Are Wistia’s Service Differences?
IX. Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
X. Children’s Privacy
XI. Contractual or Statutory Requirement
XII. Failure to Provide Personal Information
XIII. Automated Decision Making
XIV. Data Privacy Framework
XV. Changes to this Privacy Policy
XVI. Questions or Concerns; Contact Information
Introduction: Who We Are and Why We Collect Your Information
Wistia, Inc. (“Wistia,” “we,” “us,” “our”) knows that our users (“you,” “your”) create and manage marketing content, video series, and other educational and creative content. Our products permit our customers (“Customers”) to create and distribute videos, audio recordings, and other media (collectively, the “Media”) while also measuring viewer and user engagement with that Media (all such individuals that view and use the Media, the “Users”).
We care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the various websites owned and operated by Wistia under the wistia.com domain, including, without limitation, the
https://wistia.com/
website (each, a “Website, and collectively, the “Websites”), accessing, listening to, or viewing Media hosted by Wistia and/or accessing or using any other functionalities, features, content, applications or services offered from time to time by Wistia in connection with the Websites or Media (collectively, the “Services”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your information in the following ways.
I. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of (1) personally identifiable information, as defined by numerous statutes in the United States (such statutes, the “PII Laws”), (2) information protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) amendments, and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“CalOPPA”), (3) the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), (4) the Connecticut Personal Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”); (5) the Montana Consumer Data Privacy Act (“MCDPA”); (6) the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”); (7) the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPA”); (8) Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDP”), and (9) Utah Consumer Privacy Act (“UCPA”); (10) personal data, as defined by the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), (11) the Switzerland Data Protection Act (“DPA”), and (12) the UK General Data Protection Agreement (“UK GDPR”); and (13) personal information, as defined by Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronics Documents Act (“PIPEDA,” and collectively with the PII Laws, CCPA, CalOPPA, the SHIELD Act, and GDPR, the “Privacy Laws”)  (collectively, “Personal Information”), which we gather when you are accessing, viewing or using any of our Websites, Media and/or Services.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. For our treatment of the Personal Information of students under the age of 16 (each such student, a “Student,” and collectively, “Students”) collected while providing the Services to public schools, charter schools, private schools, and other entities providing educational or tutoring services (collectively, “Schools” and each individually, “School”) providing such services to Students, please see Section X below and our
Schools &
Students Privacy Policy Addendum
.
II. What Information Does Wistia Collect?
Wistia does not collect Personal Information indiscriminately. We limit the type of Personal Information and the amount of Personal Information to what is necessary to fulfill the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. With that in mind, we collect the following types of information:
A. Information You Provide to Us
We may collect Personal Information from you when you visit any of our Websites, register for or subscribe to any Media or Services, contact us with questions or concerns, and/or otherwise interact with the Websites, Media, or Services. For example, when you register for our Services, we may collect your name, phone number, user name, and e-mail address in combination with a password or security question to access the Services, and your payment information. Similarly, you may provide information to your user profile or upload video, audio recordings, images, or other content to a Website. Where Users or Customers provide video, audio recordings, images, or other Personal Information of one or more individuals, we rely on that User or Customer to obtain the explicit consent of those individuals. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, although that may affect the functionality of the Services.
A.1 Google User Data
From time to time, Customers may import and upload Media to the Website or Services directly from the Google drive. While we permit this, we want you to understand that when you provide any such Media to the Website or Services, we may gain access to, collect, and process certain data associated with that Media. This includes but is not limited to: (1) Contents of the Media, such as the actual contents of the uploaded Media including its audio and visual components; (2) Metadata, such as the technical specifications (file format, resolution, size, device used to capture the Media, and software or application used to create the Media, etc.), descriptive elements (title, file name, and keywords, etc.), administrative information (author name or username, copyright information, and the date and time the Media was uploaded or created, etc.), and usage metrics (views, interactions, and user engagement, etc.); and (3) Connected Data, which may include any other data directly or indirectly related to the imported or uploaded Media. Please note that any data collected by us pursuant to this clause will be processed, stored, used, and shared in the same manner and for the same purposes as other information that is subject to this Privacy Policy.
Google’s use and processing of Personal Information is governed by the Google Privacy Policy, available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
B. Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you interact with any of our Websites or Media, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including data related to Media viewing, listening to, or accessing (including when you stop and start Media, how many and which Media of a particular Customer you watched, and how many times you watched, listened to, or accessed particular Media), data related to use of Services, IP address, device, “cookie” information, and the page you requested.
An “IP address” is a number assigned to a computer by an Internet service provider “ISP” to access the Internet. In most consumer cases, an IP address is dynamic (changing each time connect to the Internet), not static (unique to a particular user’s computer).
“Cookies” are small text files placed to your computer or mobile device to recognize your browser or mobile device and customize the look and feel of a website for you. Cookies remember information about you, your preferences, and your device for a better user experience. Wistia does not collect any information about you, your preferences or your device using Cookies. If you click on a link to a third party website, such third party may transmit cookies to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties.
C. E-mail and Other Communications
We may contact you, by email or other means; for example, we may communicate with you about your use of any of the Websites. When we do this, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service.
If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference by visiting our email preference page. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Websites, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
D. Information Purchased from Third Parties
Wistia may purchase from third parties, like Clearbit, Personal Information about Users who provide their email address or register for the Services, using the Personal Information those Users provide as the basis to obtain further Personal Information. This information may include names, titles, companies, and firmographic information. Wistia may retain YouTube API Services to provide aggregate, statistical information about the access to, views of, and use of Media that Customers post to YouTube. Personal Information generated automatically by your access to, views of, and use of Media may be aggregated and included in that statistical information.
E. Special Categories of Personal Information
In certain situations, Users may provide information to user profile or upload video, audio recordings, images, or other contact to a Website that may reveal certain limited types of Personal Information that is of a sensitive nature (Sensitive Personal Information), including information about the following:  (1) Personal Information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, (2) data concerning health, and data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation. (3) financial information, and your geographic location. In such cases, we may process Sensitive Personal Information to provide Services to Users who provided such information. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, Sensitive Personal Information is considered to be a special category of Personal Information.
Where we collect and use such information as a controller (as defined in the GDPR), we will provide you with a form explaining the collection of such Personal Information and requesting your explicit consent. Where we collect and use such information as a processor (as defined in the GDPR), we rely on the controller to obtain your explicit consent.
F. Sensitive Personal Information
Wistia may collect Sensitive Personal Information, as defined under the CPRA and PIPEDA, in the form of your financial information, messages sent via the Services, and your geographic location.
G. Personal Information Wistia Has Collected in the Last 12 Months
Wistia has collected the following categories of Personal Information in the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document: names; contact information; payment information; IP addresses; geographic location (inferred from IP addresses, as described in Section III below); browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; email confirmations; user name or e-mail address in combination with a password that would permit access to the Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information. Please see the other portions of Section II above for an explanation of the categories of sources from which we collect the information described in the previous sentence. The business purposes of this information are described in Section III below. The categories of third parties we share this information with are described in Section IV.
III. What Does Wistia Do With Personal Information?
A. Use of Personal Information
Wistia uses all categories of Personal Information listed above for any and all legal and legitimate businesses purposes, including:
To personalize and improve our Services, to administer and improve our Media and Websites;
To allow Users to set up their user accounts and profiles;
To communicate with Users and fulfill your requests for certain products and services;
To understand how Users utilize the Websites; Media, and Services
To protect user accounts with user names or e-mail addresses in combination with passwords;
To process payments to Wistia;
To infer your geographic location;
To operate, maintain, develop, and grow Wistia.
At times, we may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners. For example, if you have provided your email address or other Personal Information while accessing Media, we may anonymize that Personal Information when providing Media usage information to our partners.
When we collect IP addresses, geographic location, browser information, device information, information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services, we may also use such information in two ways.
First, we may use such information in aggregate form (including the aggregate statistical information obtained from YouTube API Services), and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate information tells us how often Users use parts of a Website, so that we can make such Website appealing to as many Users as possible.
We may also provide this aggregate information (including the aggregate statistical information obtained from YouTube API Services) to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Websites, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience. In addition, we may also provide Customers with the information listed above so that they may (i) assess, improve, and develop the Media that they make available through the Websites and Services, and (ii) use their Media to maintain and grow their organizations. Such information may include how many and which Media of a particular Customer was watched by a particular user, from where particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user and how many times particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user.
B. Storage of Personal Information
We store and process all electronic Personal Information that we collect in the United States.
IV. Will Wistia Share Any of the Personal Information it Collects?
We share your Personal Information with third parties as described below.
A. Customers
As mentioned above, we may provide Customers with certain identifiable usage information directly related to the Media that such Customers make available through the Websites and Services. Such information may include IP addresses, geographic location, browser information, device information, and information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services (such as how many and which Media of a particular Customer was watched by a particular user, from where particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user and how many times particular Media was watched, listened to, or accessed by a particular user). We may also share names, contact information, geographic location, the content of communications, user profile information and submissions, job titles, employers, and firmographic information which Customers may use to market or further develop their organizations.
B. Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through a website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to enter into such transaction or to receive such service, please review the applicable third party websites’ policies.
C. Agents and Service Providers
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your Personal Information with them to provide products or services to you, for example, processing credit card payments. Unless we tell you differently, our agents and service providers do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We acknowledge our potential liability if our agents misuse your Personal Information.
D. YouTube
Some Customers post Media to YouTube. If you use, view, listen to, or otherwise access such Media on YouTube, YouTube will have access to Personal Information you generate by using, viewing, listening, or accessing that Media, which is then used by YouTube API Services to generate the aggregated statistical information Wistia collects from YouTube API Services, as described in Section II.D of this Privacy Policy. YouTube’s use of Personal Information is governed by the Google Privacy Policy, available at
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
E. User Profiles and Submissions
Certain user profile information, including, without limitation, a user’s name, location, and any video, audio recordings, images or other content that such user has uploaded to a Website, may be displayed to other Users to facilitate user interaction within such Website or to address your request for Wistia’s services. Your account privacy settings allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others. Any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, forums, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload video, audio recordings, images, or other content through the Website and other users can contact you through messages and comments.
F. International Transfers of Personal Information
If and to the extent Wistia transfers Personal Information from another country into the United States, Wistia does so in compliance with the Privacy Laws of the originating country and for purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. If and to the extent we transfer Personal Information of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK to the United States, we do so under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. In addition, we also implement the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the European Commission and Swiss authorities) and the UK Addendum to the Standard Contractual Clauses (approved by the UK authorities) where appropriate. If you have any inquiry regarding our adherence to the Data Privacy Framework, see section XIV below, or contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
G. Business Transfers
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, Personal Information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
H. Protection of Wistia and Others
Wistia will disclose any Personal Information that Wistia reasonably believes is necessary or appropriate to comply with law or court order, enforce or apply Wistia’s Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of Wistia, our employees, our customers, our users, the public, or others. This includes disclosing Personal Information to third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. In addition, in certain situations, Wistia may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Wistia will notify you of any such requests unless prohibited by law.
I. With Your Consent
Except as set forth above, we will obtain your consent before disclosing your Personal Information to a third party.
J. Personal Information Wistia Has Sold to Customers in the Last 12 Months
The CCPA (as amended by the CPRA) defines the sale of Personal Information very broadly. In the traditional sense, Wistia does not sell Personal Information, however we disclose certain Personal Information to our Customers as part of the Services and the hosting of Media we provide to them. As part of our commercial relationships with our Customers, Wistia has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to Customers in the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document: names; contact information; IP addresses; geographic location; browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information.
K. Personal Information Wistia Has Disclosed to Third Parties in the Last 12 Months
In the 12 months immediately preceding the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, listed at the bottom of this document, Wistia has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information to third parties that provide business and operational services to us: names; contact information; payment card information; geographic location; IP addresses; browser information; device information; information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services; email confirmations; user name or e-mail address in combination with a password that would permit access to the Services; the content of communications; user profile information and submissions; job titles; employers; and firmographic information.
V. What Is Wistia’s Legal Basis for Collecting and Using Your Personal Information?
As relevant, Wistia collects and uses your Personal Information (1) pursuant to your informed consent, which you have granted by confirming the prompts produced by the Websites and by continuing to use the Websites, Media, and Services, consistent with the Privacy Policy and Wistia’s terms of use, (2) in order to pursue Wistia’s legitimate business interests in hosting the Media, providing the Services, and maintaining the Websites, and/or (3) in order to perform a contract to which you are a party. Any one or more of the bases in the previous sentence are the legal basis for Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information, depending on how your use of the Websites, Media, and Services, and your relationship with Wistia.
Where individuals appear in Media, Wistia relies on the Media creators to obtain the necessary legal basis for the collection and use of those individuals’ Personal Information.
VI. How Long Does Wistia Retain Your Personal Information?
Except upon the request of an individual, as explained in Section VII below, and except as the law permits and requires, Wistia maintains Personal Information as follows:
A. Logs of unknown users of the Websites are retained for 30 days before deletion.
B. Logs of known users of the Websites are retained while Wistia has reason to believe that particular user may return to use the Websites.
C. Emails submitted and used for marketing are retained while Wistia pursues relevant marketing efforts.
D. Media is hosted and stored for the life of the relevant Customer account, plus up to three years.
Other than as listed above, we will determine the retention period for Personal Information based on the following criteria:
The nature of our relationship with the relevant Customer;
The existence of other ongoing or expected projects with the relevant Customer;
The nature of the Personal Information in question; and
Our business needs.
VII. What Are Users’ Rights to Control Their Personal Information?
Except where permitted or required by Privacy Laws, you have the following rights regarding Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information.
A. Requests to Wistia
You may request the following from Wistia with respect to your Personal Information:
The correction and updating of your Personal Information;
The restriction and deletion of select portions of your Personal Information or all Personal Information;
The categories of Personal Information Wistia has collected about you;
The categories of sources from which Wistia has collected your Personal Information;
The expected period for which the Personal Information will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine the retention period;
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, sharing, and disclosing your Personal Information;
An account of how Wistia has used or is using your Personal Information;
A copy of your Personal Information retained by Wistia, to be delivered in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format to review or to transfer or transmit to another entity without hindrance, to the extent that that is technically feasible;
The categories of third parties with whom Wistia shares your Personal Information;
The categories of your Personal Information that we have shared with third parties, including customers, and the categories of third parties to which we have shared each particular category of Personal Information;
The Personal Information Wistia collects, uses, discloses, and sells;
A list of all third parties that have received your Personal Information from Wistia; and
The specific pieces of Personal Information Wistia has collected about you.
If you request that your Personal Information be erased or deleted or that Wistia otherwise restrict its collection and use of Personal Information, Wistia may not being to avoid terminating or limiting your access to the Websites, Media, and Services.
If Wistia has not collected or used your Personal Information, or has not disclosed your Personal Information to another party, Wistia will inform you of that in response to any of the above requests.
Some information may remain in Wistia’s backup media after erasure or deletion for a period of time. When you request that Wistia update information, Wistia may retain a copy of the unrevised information in Wistia’s records. Wistia also may use any anonymized aggregated statistical data derived from or incorporating Personal Information after it is updated, erased, or deleted, but not in a manner that would identify you.
We will confirm receipt of all such Personal Information requests and provide information about how Wistia will process the request within 10 days of receipt. We will substantively respond to all such requests within 30 days, subject to lawful extension of that period, and there may be a delay in processing a request while we verify that the request is valid and originates from you as opposed to an unauthorized third party.
Our verification process varies based on the source and nature of the request, but may include: comparing data in the request against Personal Information we retain; contacting you using other contact information; requesting further information, although we will avoid doing so to the extent possible; and the consideration of certain factors, including the type, sensitivity, and value of your Personal Information, the risk of harm to you posed by an unauthorized request, the likelihood that fraudulent or malicious actors would seek your Personal Information, the manner in which we interact with you, the available technology, and whether the information you have provided to verify your identity is sufficiently robust to protect against fraudulent requests. To the extent permitted by the Privacy Laws, Wistia retains the right to deny any request if we cannot verify that it originated from you.
Wistia retains records of all of the above requests and our responses for 24 months, unless otherwise prohibited by the Privacy Laws.
With regard to the right to be forgotten online, Wistia will take reasonable steps to inform our Third Parties of your request.  In order to make any of the requests above,
or by contacting us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
All other of the above requests may be made by contacting us at the following link:
https://wistia.com/data-request
Or by sending requests to:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
When you update information, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Please note that some information may remain in our private records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
B. YouTube API Services
If you create and log into a Wistia account using a username or email and password combination, you can revoke Wistia’s access to the information Wistia obtains from YouTube API Services that is derived from your use of the Services and access to Media. You may exercise this right at the Google security settings page,
https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions
.
C. Withdrawal of Consent
You may withdraw your consent at any time by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contacting us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
Please be aware that such withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of Wistia’s use of your Personal Information before such withdrawal. If your consent is withdrawn, Wistia may not being to avoid terminating or limiting your access to the Websites, Media, and Services.
D. “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information”
Wistia does not sell Personal Information as the CCPA (as amended under the CPRA) defines “sell,” but your Personal Information is shared as described in Section IV above. You may opt out of Wistia’s disclosure and sharing of your Personal Information to Customers and other Third Parties by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contacting us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
We will act upon any request to opt out of all sales of your Personal Information within 15 days of receiving your request. We will notify all Customers to whom we have disclosed your Personal Information of your request within 90 days of receiving your request and will inform you when we have done so. If you exercise your right to opt out of the disclosure of your Personal Information to Customers, Wistia will cease disclosing your Personal Information to Customers as of the date Wistia receives the form at the link above.
Wistia will not contact you about opting in to disclosing your Personal Information for at least 12 months following receipt of the form.
Please see Section VIII for an explanation how opting out of the disclosure of your Personal Information to Customers may affect service differences offered by Wistia.
E. “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information”
As described in Section II, we do not knowingly collect Sensitive Personal Information under any of the Privacy Laws, with the exception of messages sent via the Services, your geographic location, and certain financial information that may be collected during the payment process.
You may contact Wistia to request that Wistia limits its use of this Sensitive Personal Information at any time. Doing so may impact certain functions of the Services, including your ability to have ongoing subscriptions with us, allowing other Users to read your messages, and functions that are geographically-based.
To request that Wistia limit its use of your Sensitive Personal Information, please visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
We will act upon any request to limit your Sensitive Personal Information within 15 days of receiving your request.
F. Authorized Agent
You may authorize an agent to take any of the acts permitted in this Section VII on your behalf. To do so, you must provide written and signed authority to the agent, and written and signed notice to Wistia that Wistia may act on such requests by that agent.
G. Requests Regarding Media
Wistia does not collect, process, use, disclose, share, or sell Personal Information from the Media created and distributed by our Customers,
e.g.
, images, voice recordings, etc. If you have any questions regarding the Personal Information contained in particular Media, please contact the party that created or distributed that Media.
H. Object or Challenge
You may object to, or otherwise challenge, Wistia’s collection and use of your Personal Information by visiting our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contacting us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
Wistia will respond within 30 days. Where such objection is received from an individual whose Personal Information Wistia collects and uses as the processor for a controller (as those terms are defined in the GDPR), Wistia will inform the controller of the objection within 30 days.
I. Filing a Complaint
Regulatory authorities that oversee the Privacy Laws typically advise individuals to file an objection or challenge with the company before lodging a formal complaint with a regulatory authority. Please contact us as outlined in the Contact Information section of this Privacy Policy for any complaints and inquiries. We appreciate the opportunity to discuss and solve your complaint.
If you are dissatisfied with Wistia’s response or you wish to file a complaint with a regulatory authority first, please contact the appropriate agency below:
CCPA/CPRA:
California Attorney General
PII Laws: the relevant states’ Attorney General’s office.
CPA:
Colorado Attorney General
CTDPA:
Connecticut Attorney General
MCDPA:
Montana Attorney General
OCPA:
Oregon Attorney General
TDPA:
Texas Attorney General
UCPA:
Utah Attorney General
VCDPA:
Virginia Attorney General
GDPR: the supervisory authority in your European Union member state;
SW DPA:
Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC)
PIPEDA:
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
UK GDPR:
Information Commissioner’s Office
J. Accessibility for Users with Disabilities
If you are unable to review this Privacy Policy or any portion of this Policy, please use the following information to contact us and request an alternative format.
Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
K. Non-Discrimination
Wistia will not discriminate against you because you have exercised any of the rights above or any other rights you retain pursuant to Privacy Laws, including, but not limited to by:
Denying goods or services to you;
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; and
Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Consistent with Privacy Laws, Wistia: (i) retains the right to charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to Wistia by your Personal Information; (ii) may offer financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for the collection, disclosure, or deletion of your Personal Information; (iii) may enter you into a financial incentive program only if Wistia clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, so long as you give Wistia prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time; and (iv) shall not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature. Please see Section VIII for an explanation of Wistia’s service differences.
VIII. What Are Wistia’s Service Differences?
Wistia does not offer any financial incentives for providing your Personal Information. However, there are some service differences when users create an account and provide the necessary Personal Information to do so.
Although much Media and parts of the Services may be used and accessed without providing your Personal Information, other Media, portions of Media, and parts of the Services require users to create and log in to a Wistia account. In doing so, you will provide us with a user name or e-mail address and a password. In return we will permit access to Media and Services that are not viewable or accessible to anonymous users. By creating and logging into an account, you will provide your name and contact information, in addition to your username or email and password combination. Per the terms of this Privacy Policy, you will also permit Wistia to automatically collect, use, and share IP addresses, browser information, device information, and information related to the use of the Websites, Media, and Services. Wistia will also collect, use, and share any information you voluntarily provide in your communications to us, your user profile, and other user-generated submissions and content, consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Consistent with the CCPA, this service difference represents Wistia’s good-faith calculation of how one individual’s Personal Information increases the value of the data we provide to Customers, on average. We calculate this value in conjunction with Customers by comparing the utility of the data collected anonymously against the utility of the Personal Information collected from identified users.
Once you have opted in to this incentive program by creating an account, you may opt-out of this incentive program at any time by deleting your account and/or contacting us:
Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
In light of the value Wistia derives from your Personal Information, if, after creating a Wistia account, you exercise your right to request that Wistia delete your Personal Information or to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information, you will not be able to access some Media and parts of the Services, as described above, because we will not be able to provide that Personal Information to our Customers. However, other requests to exercise your data privacy rights that do not affect Wistia’s ability to provide data to our Customers will not affect such access.
IX. Is Personal Information About Me Secure?
We employ appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical measures to protect your Personal Information, which we regularly review and update as necessary.
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
The Websites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy.
X. Children’s Privacy
Except when providing the Services to Schools that provide educational and tutoring services to Students, we do not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services. For further information regarding our treatment of Personal Information of Students collected while providing the Services to
please see our Schools & Students Privacy Policy Addendum
. Otherwise, if you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, telephone number, or email address.
No one under age 16 may provide any Personal Information to us or through the Services except when doing so as part of receiving educational or tutoring services from a School.
In the event that we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 16 without the involvement of a School or without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible, except as provided below. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 16 who did not provide such information through a School’s use of the Services, please contact us:
Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
Except for Students’ Personal Information obtained while providing the Services to a School, upon request, we will provide a parent or guardian who has provided proper identification with the following: (1) a description of the specific types of Personal Information collected from the child, (2) the opportunity to refuse or permit Wistia’s further collection and use of Personal Information from the child, and (3) a reasonable means for the parent or guardian to obtain any Personal Information collected from the child. If a parent or guardian does not permit Wistia’s continued collection and use of a child’s Personal Information, Wistia will delete the child’s Personal Information and terminate the account of the child, as applicable.
XI. Contractual or Statutory Requirement
Except as noted in this Privacy Policy or in contractual documents, Wistia’s collection and use of Personal Information is not a contractual or statutory requirement or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
XII. Failure to Provide Personal Information
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features.
XIII. Automated Decision Making
Wistia does not rely on automated decision making, including profiling, and will not subject you to decisions based solely on automated processing which will produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affecting you.
XIV. Data Privacy Framework
Wistia complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Data Privacy Framework”) with respect to Personal Information we process from the EEA, the UK or Switzerland and transfer to the United States.
Wistia has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“EU-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Information received from the European Union and the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Wistia has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles”) with regard to the processing of Personal Information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Wistia’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
A. Liability for Onward Transfers
We remain responsible and liable for the Personal Information that we receive under the Data Privacy Framework and subsequently transfer or disclose to third parties for external processing on our behalf, as described in section IV of this Privacy Policy. Wistia shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if such third parties process Personal Information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless Wistia proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
B. Compelled Disclosure
In certain situations, Wistia may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Wistia will notify you of any such requests unless prohibited by law.
C. Recourse Mechanism and Binding Arbitration
In compliance with the Data Privacy Framework, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our processing of Personal Information. EU, UK, and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding our processing of Personal Information received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework should first contact Wistia. In the event such complaints concerning our processing of Personal information received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework remain unresolved, EU, UK, and Swiss citizens may refer such unresolved complaints to BBB National Programs, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://bbbprograms.org/programs/all-programs/dpf-consumers
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of BBB National Programs are provided at no cost to you.
In case your complaint indicates a violation of obligations under the DPF Principles and your complaint cannot be resolved directly with Wistia, or through the independent dispute resolution mechanism, you may have the right to invoke binding arbitration under certain circumstances. For additional information on this option, please see Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework.
D. Periodic Review and Verification
Wistia will renew its Data Privacy Framework certification annually, unless we subsequently determine that we no longer need such certification or employ a different adequacy mechanism. Prior to such re-certification, Wistia will conduct a self-assessment to ensure that our attestations and assertions with regard to processing of Personal Information is accurate and that Wistia has appropriately implemented these practices.
XV. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website or the Services after such changes have been first posted.
XVI. Questions or Concerns; Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please contact our data protection officer by sending detailed message to
privacy@wistia.com
. Alternatively, you may contact us by postal service as follows. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
Visit our Privacy & Data Requests page at
https://wistia.com/data-request
or by contact us at:
Attention: Data Protection Office\
Wistia, Inc.\
120 Brookline Street\
Cambridge, Massachusetts, 02139 USA\
(888) 494–7842\
privacy@wistia.com
Effective Date:
October 10, 2023
Sub-policy 12
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Skip to main content
LinkedIn respects your privacy
LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant ads (including
professional and job ads
) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our
Cookie Policy
.
Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your
settings
.
Accept
Reject
Privacy Policy
Effective September 18, 2024
LinkedIn's global Privacy Policy below applies worldwide. If you're located in the EU, EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you can review additional information that will apply to you in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Your Privacy Matters
LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users
choices
about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy,
Cookie Policy
, Settings and our
Help Center.
Choices
﻿
Settings
are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls.
Learn More
.
Table of Contents
Data We Collect
How We Use Your Data
How We Share Information
Your Choices and Obligations
Other Important Information
Introduction
We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Visitor to our Services.
Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-Members (“Visitors”).
We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Members and Visitors located in the Designated Countries or the UK can review additional information in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
Services
This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, and other LinkedIn-branded sites, apps, communications and services offered by LinkedIn (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our
California Privacy Disclosure
.
Data Controllers and Contracting Parties
If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of (or business responsible for) your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services.
As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates.
Change
Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.”
LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may
close your account.
You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date.
1. Data We Collect
1.1 Data You Provide To Us
You provide data to create an account with us.
Registration
To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, general location (e.g., city), and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information.
You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services).
Profile
You have
choices
about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo,
city or area
, endorsements, and optional
verifications
of information on your profile (such as verifications of your identity or workplace). You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include
sensitive information
on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available.
You may give other data to us, such as by syncing your calendar.
Posting and Uploading
We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.
If you sync your calendars with our Services, we will collect your calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts.
You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services.
1.2 Data From Others
Others may post or write about you.
Content and News
You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of
mentions in the news
.
Others may sync their calendar with our Services
Contact and Calendar Information
We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles.
Customers and partners may provide data to us.
Partners
We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data.
Related Companies and Other Services
We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our
Affiliates
, including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services
1.3 Service Use
We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps.
We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies,
device information
and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use.
1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies
We collect data through cookies and similar technologies.
As further described in our
Cookie Policy
, we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness.
Learn more
. You can
opt out
from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors,
the controls are
here
.
1.5 Your Device and Location
We receive data through cookies and similar technologies
When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location.
1.6 Communications
If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that.
We collect information about you when you communicate with others through our Services (e.g., when you send, receive, or engage with messages, events, or connection requests, including our marketing communications). This may include information that indicates who you are communicating with and when. We also use
automated systems
to support and protect our site. For example, we use such systems to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or
Professional Community Policies
.
1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information
When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you.
Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “
LinkedIn Page
” (formerly Company Page) administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products.
1.8 Sites and Services of Others
We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account.
We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies.
1.9 Other
We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy.
Affiliates
Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation.
2. How We Use Your Data
We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services.
How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your
settings
. We may use your personal data to improve, develop, and provide products and Services, develop and train artificial intelligence (AI) models, develop, provide, and personalize our Services, and gain insights with the help of AI, automated systems, and inferences, so that our Services can be more relevant and useful to you and others. You can review LinkedIn's Responsible AI principles
here
and learn more about our approach to generative AI
here
.
Learn more
about the inferences we may make, including as to
your age and gender
and how we use them.
2.1 Services
Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive.
We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings.
Stay Connected
Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their
settings
, when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities.
We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event).
It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can
choose
whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections.
Visitors have
choices
about how we use their data.
Stay Informed
Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity. So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain Members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your
settings
, we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a
social action
, used a feature, made new connections or were
mentioned in the news
.
Career
Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a
specific task
) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs and show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are
interested
in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services.
Productivity
Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your
settings
allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps.
Learn more
.
2.2 Premium Services
Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content.
We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you
opt-out
. We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include
TeamLink
and
LinkedIn Pages
(e.g., content analytics and followers).
2.3 Communications
We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages.
We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication
preferences
at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices.
We also enable
communications
between you and others through our Services, including for example
invitations
,
InMail
,
groups
and
messages
between connections.
2.4 Advertising
We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services. We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing non-personalized ads.
We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined:
Data collected by advertising technologies on and off our Services using pixels, ad tags (e.g., when an advertiser installs a LinkedIn
tag
on their website), cookies, and other device identifiers;
Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);
Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections,
groups
participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3;
Information from advertising
partners
, vendors and
publishers
; and
Information inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member).
Learn more
about the inferences we make and how they may be used for advertising.
Learn more
about the ad technologies we use and our advertising services and partners. You can learn more about our compliance with laws in the Designated Countries or the UK in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
We will show you ads called
sponsored content
which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your
settings
, if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown.
Ad Choices
You have choices regarding our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. Member settings
can be found here
. For Visitors,
the setting is here
.
Info to Ad Providers
We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. We seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so where legally required, and in such instances, we take steps to ensure that consent has been provided before processing data from them.
2.5 Marketing
We promote our Services to you and others.
In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services.
2.6 Developing Services and Research
We develop our Services and conduct research
Service Development
We use data, including public feedback, to conduct
research
and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity.
Other Research
We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these
jobs
and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under
controls
that are designed to protect your privacy. We may also make public data available to
researchers
to enable assessment of the safety and legal compliance of our Services. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data.
Surveys
Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may
opt-out
of survey invitations.
2.7 Customer Support
We use data to help you and fix problems.
We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).
2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You
We use data to generate insights that do not identify you.
We use your
data
to perform analytics to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our Members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on (e.g., for basic business reporting to support billing and budget management or, subject to your
settings
, for reports to advertisers who may use them to inform their advertising campaigns), to show Members' information about engagement with a
post
or LinkedIn
Page
, to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights, or to understand usage of our services.
2.9 Security and Investigations
We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations.
We and our Affiliates, including Microsoft, may use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of the law, our
User Agreement
and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors, company, Affiliates, or others.
Social Action
E.g. like, comment, follow, share
Partners
Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others
3. How We Share Information
3.1 Our Services
Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings.
Profile
Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your
settings
, it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third-party search tools). As detailed in our
Help Center
, your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their
usage of our Services
, access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile.
Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages
Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments.
When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your
settings
). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).
In a
group
, posts are visible to others according to group type. For example, posts in private groups are visible to others in the group and posts in public groups are visible publicly. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your
settings
.
Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by those organizations and others who view those pages' content.
When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.
We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your
settings
where applicable.
Subject to your
settings
, we let a Member know when you view their profile. We also give you
choices
about letting organizations know when you've viewed their Page.
When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it).
Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages.
Enterprise Accounts
Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services.
Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services).
Subject to your
settings
, when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services.
3.2 Communication Archival
Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service.
Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.
3.3 Others’ Services
You may link your account with others’ services so that they can look up your contacts’ profiles, post your shares on such platforms, or enable you to start conversations with your connections on such platforms. Excerpts from your profile will also appear on the services of others.
Subject to your
settings
, other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data (e.g., your name, title, and company) will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may
revoke
the link with such accounts.
The information you make available to others in our Services (e.g., information from your profile, your posts, your engagement with the posts, or message to Pages)
may be available to them on other services
. For example, search tools, mail and calendar applications, or talent and lead managers may show a user limited profile data (subject to your
settings
), and social media management tools or other platforms may display your posts. The information retained on these services may not reflect updates you make on LinkedIn.
3.4 Related Services
We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities.
We will share your personal data with our Affiliates to provide and develop our Services. For example, we may refer a query to Bing in some instances, such as where you'd benefit from a more up to date response in a chat experience. In regions outside the Designated Countries, we may also share your publicly-shared content (such as your public LinkedIn posts) with our Affiliates, including Microsoft, to provide or develop their services.
Where allowed
, we may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history.
3.5 Service Providers
We may use others to help us with our Services.
We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, customer support, marketing and development). They will have access to your information (e.g., the contents of a customer support request) as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. If you purchase a Service from us, we may use a payments service provider who may separately collect information about you (e.g., for fraud prevention or to comply with legal obligations).
3.6 Legal Disclosures
We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others.
It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services or the products or services of our Affiliates (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our
Data Request Guidelines
and
Transparency Report
.
3.7 Change in Control or Sale
We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise.
4. Your Choices & Obligations
4.1 Data Retention
We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open.
We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form.
4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
We provide many
choices
about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your
profile
and controlling the visibility of your
posts
to advertising
opt-outs
and
communication
controls. We offer you
settings
to control and manage the personal data we have about you.
For personal data that we have about you, you can:
Delete Data
: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).
Change or Correct Data
: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.
Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data
: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held).
Right to Access and/or Take Your Data
: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form.
Visitors can
learn more about how to make these requests here
. You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws.
Residents in the
Designated Countries and the UK
, and
other regions
, may have additional rights under their laws.
4.3 Account Closure
We keep some of your data even after you close your account.
If you choose to close your
LinkedIn
account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have
restricted
your account for breach of our
Professional Community Policies
), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed.
Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search tools) until they refresh their cache.
5. Other Important Information
5.1. Security
We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services.
We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our
Safety Center
for additional information about safely using our Services, including
two-factor authentication
.
5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers
We store and use your data outside your country.
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders.
Learn more
. Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country.
5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing
We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings.
We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.”
Learn more
.
Where we rely on your
consent
to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object.
Learn More
. If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please
contact our Data Protection Officer here
.
If you're located in one of the Designated Countries or the UK, you can learn more about our lawful bases for processing in our
European Regional Privacy Notice
.
5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals
Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals.
We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Learn more
about this and about our response to “do not track” signals.
5.5. Contact Information
You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints.
If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first
contact LinkedIn
online. You can also reach us by
physical mail
. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more
options
. Residents in the
Designated Countries
and
other regions
may also have the right to
contact our Data Protection Officer here
or at
DPO@linkedin.com
. If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more
options
under their laws.
Consent
Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
Sub-policy 13
https://en-gb.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log in to Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log in
Forgotten account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (UK)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off Meta Products and to provide features such as maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies that we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off our Products, and provide features such as maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Centre
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://www.atlassian.com/trust/privacy:
Close
View this page in
your language
?
All languages
中文
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
日本語
Português
Pусский
Polski
Resilience
Data protection
Centralized administration
Resources
More +
Less -
Comprehensive data protection
Protect your organization by partnering with Atlassian to help ensure your data is secure, private, compliant, and available.
A layered approach to data protection
Empower your teams to do their best work — without compromising your data.
Privacy
Security
IAM
Privacy
Recovery
Security
IAM
Privacy
Recovery
Data security
Our platform and processes follow security best practices for a layered approach to protect your data. We have tools such as the
detections program
,
secure software development
, and external penetration testing, paired with a growing set of controls to help you safeguard your data.
See security practices
Security and risk responses
Download pre-filled vendor security assessment questionnaires.
Access the questionnaires
Data protection whitepaper
Learn how you can partner with Atlassian to protect your most vital assets.
Download the whitepaper
Security advisories
Stay in the know on current security advisories.
See security advisories
Identity and access management
Limit privileged access and take a zero trust approach to protect your users and data. Apply the same organization-wide IAM principles across Atlassian products using
Atlassian Guard
to connect an identity provider, enforce SSO and MFA, manage external user security, and more.
Zero trust principles
Take a zero trust approach to reduce the risk of data compromise.
Learn about zero trust
Effective user management
Manage users in Atlassian Cloud with confidence.
Learn about user management
Organization-wide IAM
Extend your IAM policies in Atlassian Cloud.
Set up Atlassian Guard
Data privacy
We’re committed to maintaining trust through transparent policies. With multiple layers of protection, you stay in the driver’s seat to manage how and where your data is accessed.
Review our privacy program
Privacy policy
Learn about how we collect, use, and disclose personal data.
View our privacy policy
Data processing addendum
Review how we process personal data across our products.
View our DPA and FAQs
Security Measures
We maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data.
View our security measures
Teamwork solutions built on trust
If you feel like privacy laws are evolving quickly, you’re not alone. Subscribe to get updates whenever we make changes to our privacy policy and get the latest on how we’re addressing changes in the market.
Sign up for updates
Data recovery
Atlassian maintains a standby replica in different availability zones for redundancy and failover capability. You are empowered with data recovery capabilities, such as backup and restore manager, site/product delayed deletion, and site resurrection.
High-availability and failover
Understand how Atlassian manages customer data.
Review platform resilience
Reliability at scale
Review Atlassian’s Service Level Agreement.
See our SLA policy
Architecture
Hosted on AWS to provide additional resiliency and recovery capabilities.
Learn about cloud architecture
enterprise-level compliance
Our compliance certifications
Stay on top of evolving regulatory expectations worldwide with our growing list of compliance certifications. Our cloud products regularly undergo independent verification of their security, privacy, and compliance controls to ensure they meet global standards.
Learn more about compliance
Customers trust us to protect their data
1/3
“We trust Atlassian to take care of security, availability, and scalability, freeing up time for us to focus on more strategic topics. Moving to the cloud has been a chance to improve today and prepare for our future.”
Tim Brutscher
Enterprise IT Architect, Software AG
Read their story
2/3
“We’ve been able to put in place security parameters to ensure vendor data integrity and security where necessary, while having a holistic view across the enterprise.”
Said Berrahil
Vice President of 5G Technology, DISH Wireless
Read their story
3/3
“With automatic updates, we always know the system is up to date. We don’t have to worry about security and vulnerabilities or spend resources on them. The peace of mind is a big deal.”
Marty Hagewood
Software Development Manager, EMC Insurance
Read their story
←
→
Have questions? Contact us.
Reach out to our sales team for questions about our products and capabilities.
Contact sales
Sub-policy 15
https://www.atlassian.com/trust/privacy/country/europe-and-gdpr:
Close
View this page in
your language
?
All languages
中文
Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
한국어
Nederlands
日本語
Português
Pусский
Polski
Resilience
Data protection
Centralized administration
Resources
More +
Less -
Data protection
Privacy information specific to your country
Atlassian's GDPR Commitment
Atlassian's GDPR Commitment
Dedication to your data privacy
We are wholly invested in our customers' success and the protection of data. One way that we deliver on this promise is by helping Atlassian customers and users understand, and where applicable, comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (
GDPR
).
The GDPR is designed to give EU citizens more control over their data and seeks to unify a number of existing privacy and security laws under one comprehensive law within the EU. The GDPR not only applies to organizations located within the EU, but it also applies to all companies processing and holding the personal data of data subjects residing in the European Union, regardless of the company’s location (the so-called extraterritoriality principle).
The following sections outline our approach and investment in GDPR compliance in service of our customers and individual data subjects.
Security and certifications
Back to top
International data transfers
As a company with a global customer base and operations, Atlassian must be able to transfer and access data around the world. We understand and respect the rules for international transfers of personal data outside of the European Economic Area, UK, as well as Switzerland, and offer customers a robust international data transfer framework as a part of our commitment under Atlassian's Data Processing Addendum (DPA).
The DPA
ensures that our customers can lawfully transfer personal data to Atlassian Cloud products outside of the EEA by relying on the Standard Contractual Clauses.
Whenever we share your data with Atlassian
sub-processors
, we remain accountable to you for how it is used by any of these organizations. We require all sub-processors to undergo a thorough diligence process and enter into contracts that ensure our customers' personal data receives adequate protection and safeguards. We will continue to stay abreast of these legal requirements and any others issued by European data protection authorities as they arise. In the meantime, please note that Atlassian:
offers information relevant to the data transfers in our
Data Transfer Impact Assessment
allows customers to
pin in-scope product content at rest to a location
. Planned expansions to our data residency program are highlighted in Atlassian’s
cloud roadmap
encrypts data in transit and at rest
publishes an annual
Transparency Report
with information about government requests for users' data as well as government requests to remove content or suspend accounts
provides additional information about our policies and procedures for responding to requests for user data in our
Guidelines for Law Enforcement
To learn more about our Data Processing Addendum and the Standard Contractual Clauses, see our
Privacy FAQs
.
For more information on how we process personal data as a controller under the GDPR, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Back to top
Data location and portability
Data hosting location determinations are based on reducing latency and achieving optimal performance for you and your users. We optimize where to host customer data based on how it is accessed around the world (rather than upon request). Though we don't guarantee that your data will be hosted in a specific location by default, you can use data residency to
pin in-scope product content at rest to a location
. Planned expansions to our data residency program are highlighted in Atlassian’s
cloud roadmap
.
We’re also ready to facilitate your customers' requests to export their data, should you host your customer data on Atlassian products. Atlassian provides robust data portability and data management tools for exporting product and user data. For more information on Atlassian Cloud data export, see our
import and export documentation
.
Back to top
Individual privacy rights and consent
Data subject rights
Our tools help customers meet obligations under the GDPR right to be forgotten (or right to erasure) clause by making it easy to delete personal data from Atlassian Cloud products.
Atlassian Organization Admins can
facilitate the account deletion
of their managed users from controls in their admin portal
Unmanaged end users (an account that is not managed by an organization) may also request that their personal data be deleted by initiating an
account deletion request
from their Atlassian account profile page
People who have provided their personal data or had their personal data provided to Atlassian, but do not have Atlassian accounts, may also
initiate a request for deletion
Similar tools are available for access requests.
Atlassian Organization Admins can facilitate access of their managed users' data from
Atlassian support
Unmanaged end users may also request that their personal data be accessed by initiating a data access request from
Atlassian support
People who have provided their personal data or had their personal data provided to Atlassian, but do not have Atlassian accounts, may also
initiate a request for access
Both deletion and access requests can be serviced via telephone by leaving a message at 1 (800) 804-5281.
Did you know? Atlassian has prepared user-facing information about how to initiate a data access or deletion request
here
.
If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a data subject, please follow the instructions
here
.
Choice and consent
We value choice and transparency around how we collect, use, and share information, and provide optionality within different product or account settings. Our
Privacy Policy
summarizes those choices, how to exercise them, and any relevant limitations.
For more information around end user data rights, see “
Manage your personal data privacy
”.
Please note for our EU end users, we surface consents for cookies and marketing messages to provide clarity and control at points of collection. Our internal processes centralize consents to ensure we’re consistently honoring your choices across our product suite.
Back to top
Other commitments
Below are several other GDPR initiatives that have been implemented within our Cloud:
We have ensured Atlassian staff that access and process Atlassian customer personal data have been trained in handling that data and are bound to maintain the confidentiality and security of that data
We provide a list of our subprocessors on our
Subprocessors
page, and offer an RSS feed subscription so you can stay up-to-date on any changes
We have committed to carrying out data impact assessments and consulting with EU regulators where appropriate
We will assist with notifying regulators of security breaches and promptly communicating any breaches to customers and users
We are committed to honor our obligations as data importers under the EU Standard Model Clauses
Back to top
Keeping up with GDPR Compliance
GDPR compliance is an ongoing effort and we are committed to helping our customers secure personal data and maintain compliance for the long-term. Atlassian shares several strategies you can use to keep your company up-to-date with GDPR requirements.
Download our guide
Keeping up with GDPR Compliance
GDPR compliance is an ongoing effort and we are committed to helping our customers secure personal data and maintain compliance for the long-term. Atlassian shares several strategies you can use to keep your company up-to-date with GDPR requirements.
Additional Resources
Atlassian's Privacy Policy
Privacy FAQ
Atlassian Customer Agreement
Data Processing Addendum
Sub-policy 16
https://matomo.org/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
We believe in openness, privacy and 100% data ownership. Matomo’s mission is to liberate analytics and we are passionate about measuring for success. These core values are ingrained into everything we do here at Matomo and that will never change.
This Policy describes the personal information (or personal data) we collect from you, how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of information in the Matomo Cloud-hosted service provided by us, which is covered by the
Matomo Cloud Privacy Policy
and
Matomo Data Processing Addendum
.
This Privacy Policy applies to the information that we obtain from you through:
(a) your use of Matomo websites including their subdomains:
demo.matomo.cloud
,
forum.matomo.org
,
developer.matomo.org
,
shop.matomo.org
,
plugins.matomo.org
,
ios.matomo.org
,
issues.matomo.org
,
glossary.matomo.org
;
(b) any direct contact you make with our team via email, contact forms, newsletter subscriptions, surveys, or when you complete any on-line feedback forms;
(c) when you create, use and make purchases through your Matomo Marketplace account or download our software directly from our websites;
(d) when you interact with us via our social media accounts or
(e) when you apply for a role advertised on our websites.
This Privacy Policy also applies to instances where we may receive your personal data from third party service providers.
This Privacy Policy explains:
Who we are
What personal data we collect, when we receive and how we use it
Opt-out of website tracking
Legal bases
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Who we share your personal data with
Processors
Third party services we use
When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
International transfers
Retention of data
How we protect your personal data
Automated decision-making including profiling
Privacy Policy changes
Contact us
Who we are
We are InnoCraft Limited (InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of Matomo analytics. Our offices are located at 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand.
We are the data controller, or agency, in relation to the activities described in this privacy policy, unless stated otherwise.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or you would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@matomo.org
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
In order for us to provide you the best possible experience on our websites and deliver our services to you, we collect and process certain personal data as follows:
(a) When you contact us via our websites or directly via email
— for example, when you ask for support, send us sales enquiries, questions, comments, feedback or when you complete a survey, customer satisfaction questionnaire or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address, your job title if provided, the content of the message, etc. We use this data to answer the queries we receive, to build business relationships, and to analyse the types of queries we receive and improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
(b)	When you sign up to receive Matomo content or offers
– for example, when you sign up to receive our guidebooks or participate in our masterclasses, or when you subscribe to the newsletter, or consent to receiving marketing materials, we use your email address to deliver the resources you requested. You can always withdraw your consent to receive our marketing content by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in the relevant emails or contacting
privacy@matomo.org
.
(c)	When you create an account
— when you sign up for and open an account on Matomo forum, or create an account on the Matomo Marketplace, we may ask you to provide us with information such as your name, email address and details about your organisation. In addition, when you use your Matomo Marketplace account to purchase premium plugins, we collect and process your username, password, payment information, phone number and physical address.  As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for. If you do not provide your personal data, we would not be able to create the accounts and you would not be able to purchase plugins on the Matomo Marketplace.
(d)	When you download Matomo On-Premise
– we collect and store the following information relating to your Matomo On-Premise software licence, which may in some cases include personal information: the IP address of the server where the instance is stored, URL of the customer, version of Matomo On-Premise downloaded and database version and programming language, time zone, number of websites tracked and number of licensed authorised users. We use this information to manage our licensing, billing and customer support.
(e) When you apply for a role advertised on our website
, we will collect your name, email address, country if provided, the role you are applying for and your CV and cover letter or message. We use the personal data you provide to evaluate your application and communicate with you during the recruitment process. If you don’t provide your personal data, we would not be able to process your application.
(f)	When you interact with us via social media
, e.g.,
Meta (Facebook)
,
GitHub
,
Hootsuite
,
LinkedIn
,
Mastodon
,
Reddit
,
YouTube
or
X (Twitter)
, or any other similar third party page, your personal data is processed by the social media platform providers under their privacy policies and processes. We process your personal data collected from social media, such as full name, business email address, job title, company, telephone number, any other personal data you provide us with to respond to your requests, develop a business relationship or send you direct marketing communications (subject to prior consent requirements where applicable). If we cannot use your personal data, we would not be able to respond to your requests, establish business relationships or send you marketing materials.
(g) 	We use data broker services to enrich our customer or prospective customer data
-  when you express interest in our product, sign up to our newsletter or other marketing materials, or are our customer, we use a data broker services provider identified in
Who we share your personal data with
(section (b)) to enable us to collate corporate and professional information about our customers and prospective customers. This allows us to understand our customers’ requirements better, customise sales and marketing efforts and develop our products. The data broker services process your email address as data processors for us, and provide us with the following information, if they hold it, from their database: Company (your employer company name and corporate details), your job title, industry, office location (including city), business telephone number, business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases, we may receive information about your previous employers and titles. We process this personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. Without the information we will not be able to customise our communications with you, to best meet your needs.
You can opt-out of data enrichment processing, by completing this
form
.
(h)	 Usage data - when you visit our site, we will store
: the website  which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, your IP address which we store in full form in the server logs for 30 days for security reasons and which we anonymise on receipt for use in website analytics, information from the device (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) you used during your visit, and
more
. We process this usage data using our own analytics tool,
Matomo Analytics
, and we process the information for statistical purposes, to improve our site and to recognise and stop any misuse.
You can opt out of being tracked by our Matomo Analytics instance below.
(i)	Cookies
- we use cookies (small data files transferred onto computers or devices by sites) for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on our site. You may deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings of your web browser. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time.
Opt-out of website tracking
Please be aware that some browsers can delete the opt-out cookie if you have not visited our website in anywhere between 7 days (Safari), 45 days (Firefox) or 400 days (Chrome) as of the date of this policy. These timeframes may be subject to change. If you are not a regular visitor to our websites and wish to opt-out of analytics use, please check the setting when you visit, to make sure the opt-out is still recognised by your browser.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent
– We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, surveys or general information about our products. Whenever we process your Personal Data on the basis of your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales enquiry, when you download Matomo On-Premise, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example, to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests
– We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. For example, when we process your enquiries for customer relationship management purposes or when we enrich customer or prospective customer data with data from a third party provider, as explained in the
Third Party Services We Use
section.
Your Rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extra-territorial effect (e.g. EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal information, your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt-out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with us directly and/or you using our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our users or customers. If you wish to exercise your rights in relation to personal data processed by a publisher or a website using Matomo Analytics, please contact the publisher first.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact our privacy team:
privacy@matomo.org
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or a supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s Privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who We Share Your Personal Data With
A. Processors
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to treat any information we share with them as confidential and to process personal data only according to our instructions.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy Terms
AlwaysData S.à r.l.
,
Secure infrastructure for website servers, databases and logs
Contract (customers, potential customers)
Legitimate interest (other data subjects):
security
Europe, France
IP address (stored for 30 days for security reasons), contact information provided via forms, subscriptions or queries
Processing covered by
DPA
Atlassian Pty Limited and Atlassian, Inc.
Company work management
Legitimate interest
workflow management
USA
name, email address, role of customers
Processing covered by
DPA
Calendly LLC
To book calls with customers, prospective customers or applicants
Contract
USA
Name, email, time zone and date of appointment
Processing covered by
DPA
ChartMogul Ltd
Customer relationship management analytics
Legitimate interest
analysis of data from prospects, leads or customers to improve products, sales and marketing
Germany
B2B customer/prospect: job title, name, phone number, email address.
Processing covered by
DPA
Dovetail Research Pty Ltd
To transcribe, summarise, and process your feedback given in video interviews using
AI tools
Consent
Australia and the EU
Video recording of the interview, transcript, contact details, personal information given during the interview
Processing covered by DPA (available on request) including
AI terms
Employ, Inc. (previously Lever)
To receive job applications and reply to applicants
Contract
USA
All candidate information, resume, references, when staff come onboard after recruitment (successful candidates): Job application details (Email, name, CV/resume, IP address), etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
HappyScribe Ltd.
Transcription of calls with customers and prospective customers
Consent
Ireland
Name, email address, role of customers
Link
Help Scout, PBC
To receive and reply to your messages after you contact us
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate Interest:
internal communication and management of customer support tasks workflow
USA
Message sent, Name, Email, if included in the email: contact address, job title, company name, company contact details.
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
To send marketing materials;
To receive webinar signup confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails
Consent
EU
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
HubSpot, Inc.
CRM system
Legitimate interest:
Processing data from prospects, leads or customers, analysing and improving marketing strategies
EU
Name, email, job title, company name, company contact details, sale details, account type, number of authorised users, requirements, account activation, etc.
Processing covered by
DPA
Intuition Machines
Authorisation
Legitimate interest
ensuring security and authorisation
USA
IP address numbers, device information.
Processing covered by
DPA
MadMimi
(owned by
GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC)
To send you our newsletter emails after you sign up
Consent
USA
Email
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and scheduling
Consent:
processing and responding to visitors
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name; 

Correspondence; 

Associated Matomo account; 

Billing address, subscriptions and payment history
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Productboard, Inc
To collate and process product and services feedback
Legitimate interest:
processing product and services feedback
USA
Work title and company name, any personal data included in the feedback.
Processing is covered by DPA (available on request)
Slack Technologies Limited
(Ireland)
Used for internal company communications
Legitimate interest:
internal chat tool to discuss projects, requests, workflow, operations
TBC
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by
DPA
Userlike UG
To be able to chat with you
Consent
Germany
IP Address, Chat transcript, Email address, Browser, Operating system, Device, Number of page requests, Number of page visits, Referrer, URL (where the chat originated), Questionnaire before and after the chat (optional), Chat topic, Chat status (new, pending, closed), Chat evaluation after the chat, Duration of the chat, Date of the chat, Geo location (voluntary, optional), Media files shared by the contact with the operator during the chat
Processing covered by
DPA
UXtweak j.s.a.
To collect user/customer feedback
Consent
Slovenia
Name, email, job title, company, feedback
Processing covered by
DPA
Zoho Corporation Pvt. Ltd.
To host customer feedback surveys
Legitimate interest:
collect customer feedback;
improve product and services
EU
Customer email and feedback
link
(DPA available on request)
B. Third party services we use
When you visit our websites, or purchase products or services, we use the following third party services providers who collect and process your data as data controllers or joint controllers with us. These providers may collect personal data beyond the data we collect about you.
Please refer to the privacy policies of these third parties for full information about what personal data these third parties collect about you, how they process the data, on what legal basis and how to exercise your data subject rights against them.
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Our legal basis for processing
Data location and security
Examples of personal data collected by the third party
Third party Privacy Policy
Cognism Limited
To enable customer and prospective customer data enrichment in B2B (business to business) context. This is to enable us to tailor our communications with you to better fit your needs and to better understand our customer base.
Legitimate interest
sales and marketing
customisation of communications
product development
UK, Croatia
Company (employer company and company details), Job Title, Industry, Office location (including city), Business telephone number, Business email address, LinkedIn URL. In some cases we may receive from Cognism information about your previous employers and titles.
    
    You can
opt out of Cognism Data
processing or opt out from us enriching your data by completing this
form
.
link
Communiteq Q B.V.
(previously Discourse Hosting)
To enable users to create an account on Matomo forum and participate in the forum.
Contract
Germany
Email address, Username, Name, Password, Posts
link
Quickchannel AB
To sign up for live webinar, receive confirmation, reminder and follow-up emails and participate in live webinars; to control live webinar access
Contract
Sweden (EU)
Name, Email, Company, Phone number, IP address, Browser information, Operating system, Type of device, Screen size, Internet connection
link
PayPal Pte. Ltd.
(PayPal Braintree)
To receive payments
Contract
USA Singapore
Username, password, names, e-mail, payment information, phone number, billing address
link
Youtube
(operated by
Google LLC
)
Social media content provision and interactions
To embed video files on our websites. We use Privacy Enhanced Mode to prevent your viewing of the embedded content being used to personalise your YouTube browsing experience
Legitimate interest (content creation and user interaction)
or
Consent (if required for specific processing, e.g., embedding content on our website)
USA
At minimum your IP address, data processing in local storage and possibly cookies. If you are logged into Google account, Google may merge this action with your account.
link
Zoom Video Communications, Inc.
To conduct meetings with customers and prospective customers
Contract
USA
Profile info (unique user ID); profile picture; Diagnostic Data (event logs, session information, host and participant information);Telemetry data (data collected from devices, microphone, speaker, hard disk ID, MAC address); other service data;  Customer authentication data; session content, chat messages, customer initiated cloud recordings; meeting and participant info, stored chat info, etc.
link
C. When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
Looker Studio Integration
: We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo On-Premise account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export
: Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy
: Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations
: Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It's crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use
: To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above processors and third-party services, we transfer your personal  data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements.
Specifically, for the above processors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy. We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect our legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our websites, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss. Some of the measures applied by InnoCraft include: use of secure cloud infrastructure compliant with a number of information security standards, access controls, bug bounty, in-transit and at-rest encryption, response and tracking of security risks and availability controls.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision-making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address: InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU Representative
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
External Data Protection Officer
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr.
Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 17
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
This Policy describes the information (or personal data) we collect from you (the “Customer”), how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal data within the Matomo Cloud service by InnoCraft only. This Privacy Policy does not cover personal data collected via your interactions with the
Matomo.org
and related websites (including when you provide personal information for creation of Matomo Cloud trial account via the website) where the
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
applies. Please refer to the
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
to understand how we process data collected in those interactions.
Who we are
We are
InnoCraft Limited
(InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of
Matomo
. Our offices are at: 7 Waterloo Quay PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand. InnoCraft provides digital analytics products and services that help individuals and businesses keep full control over their data.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@innocraft.com
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
We collect and process the following personal data as data controllers, or agency:
Account Data –
when you create the Customer Account within the Matomo Cloud, we ask you to provide us with information such as name, email address, job title, contact details, details about your organisation and billing information. As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for and, for security, billing and account management purposes. If you do not provide this information, we would not be able to create the Customer account.
Communication Data –
when you use the Matomo Cloud user interface to ask for Matomo Cloud support, send us questions, comments, feedback, or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address and the content of the message. We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries we receive and to analyse the types of queries we receive, to improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
Customer Instance Usage Data -
when you use the Matomo Cloud service, we monitor the instance activity relating to that Customer ID (e.g., time of first login into the app and first tracking requests, features visited, number of Users logged in; number of hits, goals, funnels, users, websites and segments configured and active (to manage quota allowances for each Customer account); number of events created or tracked per day (adding new User, website, or a plugin); conversion from trialist to full account; support request event trigger). We process this usage data for statistical purposes, to improve Matomo Cloud services and to recognise and stop any misuse of the Customer Account.
We process Personal Data on behalf of our Customers (as data processors) in accordance with the
Data Processing Agreement:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-dpa/
and the Customer’s use of Matomo Cloud is governed by the
Terms of Service:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-terms-of-service/
.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent –
We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, to take part in surveys or any form of individual tracking that requires consent (e.g., if a User consents to the Support Team viewing their use of Matomo Cloud to resolve a support issue). Whenever we process your Personal Data with your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales query, when you create a Matomo Cloud account, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, for example when we process your queries, for customer relationship management purposes, to improve the performance of our website, to manage consent (where applicable).
Your rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extraterritorial effect (e.g., EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal data your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having contacted us directly and/or your use of our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our Customers.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact InnoCraft’s support team:
privacy@innocraft.com
.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who we share your personal data with
(A) Subprocessors (Matomo Cloud)
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions.
InnoCraft uses the following subprocessors to process the data collected by Matomo Cloud Customers:
Notice on data transfer and GDPR compliance:
Personal data held in Customer’s Matomo Cloud instance and instance backups are securely stored in Europe.
InnoCraft is based in New Zealand, one of the few countries that the EU considers to have an
adequate level of data protection
.
This means that Matomo Cloud is
safe to use in the EU and fully GDPR-compliant
.
Subprocessor
Purpose of processing
Lawful basis
Data location and security
Personal data
Privacy terms
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL
, Luxembourg
Secure infrastructure for servers and databases and logs.
Contract
Europe:
–  Frankfurt, Germany;
– backups stored in Dublin, Ireland
Account and Customer Personal Data, Activity Data
Processing covered by
DPA (Data
Processing Agreement)
Oblivion Cloud Control B.V (part of Xebia Group B.V)
AWS solution provider: secure infrastructure management
IT consulting services, support services
Contract
The Netherlands
Account Data, Customer Personal Data, Activity Data
Processing covered by DPA (available on request)
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL
, Luxembourg
Secure CDN (Content Delivery Network) to store and deliver JavaScript files. This service is provided by AWS Europe. The use of the CDN feature is optional and can be disabled.
Legitimate interest (fraud prevention and information security)
Worldwide;
Visitors are sent to a server closest to their region (traffic from the EU stays in the EU).
Request Data (IP address, browser type, operating system, the URL)
Processing covered by
DPA (Data
Processing Agreement)
Please refer to the Data Processing Agreement for more information:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-dpa/
Terms & Conditions:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-terms-of-service/
(B) Billing and Support Services
When you purchase Matomo Cloud products or services or contact us via the Customer instance, we use the following third-party services, which collect and process personal data:
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Lawful basis
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy terms
Help Scout, PBC
To receive, and reply to your support request emails after you contact us
Contract (providing Customer/User support)
USA
Message sent, name, email address, if included in the email: job title, company name, company contact
details
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and
scheduling
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by DPA (available on request)
Paddle Payments Limited
To let you purchase Matomo Cloud software service
Contract
UK and USA
Payee details: name, location, contact details, and billing information.
Processing covered by
Privacy policy | Paddle
and
Data Sharing Addendum
Twilio, Inc.
To send you Matomo Cloud related emails after you sign up, to help you get started with Matomo
Legitimate interests:
Supporting users in their initial setup of Matomo
USA
Name and email address of Customer Account owner
Processing covered by
DPA
and
BCR
(C) When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
1. Google Analytics Connect
You can optionally import your historical data from Google Analytics into your Matomo Cloud account. This allows you to compare your data recorded by Matomo with your historical data from Google Analytics and make sure you do not lose your Google Analytics data. The use and transfer of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Data will only be imported if you connect your Google Analytics account with your Matomo Cloud account. This is entirely optional. Once connected, you can select which Google Analytics properties you would like to import into Matomo. After the historical data has been imported, we won’t import any further data unless you specifically schedule a new import or update the date range to be imported.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use the access token to make API requests on behalf of you to import the reporting data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can revoke the token at any time in your Google Account.
This data is not shared.
List of properties in your Google Analytics account. We access the account ID, the view ID, the property ID and the property name (typically the name of your website or app).
We get the list of properties to let you select which of your properties you want to import into Matomo Analytics and to manage the import of the aggregated reporting data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account to import the aggregated reporting data. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared.
Aggregated, historical reporting data from your selected Google Analytics properties. For example, the list of browsers, devices, page urls, page titles, downloads, events, and more. Along with each report we access the related metrics for each report such as the number of visits, page views and more.
You can view the imported data through the Matomo Analytics user interface by selecting the imported property, a date range, and the report you want to view.
We store the aggregated reporting data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared with anyone else unless you give someone else access to your Matomo Cloud account by adding team members and giving them permission to view this data.
2. Google Search Console Connect
By default, all your search keywords appear as “Keyword not defined” in Matomo’s “Search Keywords” report and you won’t be able to find out which keywords people used to find your website on the Google search engine.
To get this data, you can optionally import your search keywords from Google Search Console into your Matomo Cloud account. This allows you to get deep insights about all the keywords that people are searching for when they find your website. All of the search keywords will be shown directly in your regular Matomo Analytics “Search Keywords” reports.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use the access token to make API requests on behalf of you to regularly import the most recent search keywords data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can revoke the token at any time in your Google Account.
This data is not shared.
List of domains and URL prefixes in your search console.
We use this data to let you assign a domain to a Matomo site. This way Matomo knows which search console site matches the site in Matomo.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account to import the search keywords data. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared.
Aggregated search keywords data. For example, the list of search keywords people used to find you, how many times the keyword was searched for, how often someone clicked on your site, and the average position within a search engine results page.
You can view the imported search keywords through the Matomo Analytics user interface by selecting a Matomo site, a date range, and the “Search Keywords” report.
We store the search keyword reports in your Matomo Cloud account. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared with anyone else unless you give someone else  access to your Matomo Cloud account by adding team members and giving them permission to view this data.
3. Google Tag Manager Connect
You can optionally simplify data tracking on your website by effortlessly adding the Matomo JavaScript tracking code via Google Tag Manager. With just a few clicks, you can seamlessly track data into Matomo, streamlining your analytics process. Rest assured that the use and transfer of information received from Google APIs comply with
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Once you connect your Google Tag Manager Account with a Matomo Cloud account, a new tag and trigger will be automatically generated within your chosen Google Tag Manager container. It’s important to note that this process is entirely optional and under your control. We are committed to respecting your preferences; thus, we will not create any new tag and trigger in your container unless you provide explicit authorisation.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use this access token to make API requests to create Matomo Tracking Tag and corresponding trigger in your Google Tag Manager account.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account.
This data is not shared
List of workspace and containers in your Google Tag Manager account.
We use this data to let you select the correct Google Tag Manager container and workspace. This way Matomo knows on which Google account it needs to create the Matomo Tracking code Tag and its corresponding trigger.
We do not store this data.
This data is not shared
4. Looker Studio Integration
Looker Studio Integration:
We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo Cloud account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export:
Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy:
Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations:
Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It’s crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use:
To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
5. BigQuery & Data Warehouse Export feature
We developed the BigQuery Configuration feature to enable you to format Matomo Cloud data for export into BigQuery. If you choose to export your Matomo Cloud data into BigQuery please be aware of the following:
Data Export:
When you export data from Matomo Cloud to BigQuery, all raw data stored within your Matomo account (including personal data) will be exported to Google, where it will be governed by the applicable Google
terms and policies
. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies before initiating the data export.
Privacy and Security:
Transferring personal data to external platforms has data security risks and privacy compliance implications. Please consider them before you export the data.
You are in control:
The use of this feature and data export is entirely optional and under your
Super User’s
control.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above subprocessors and third-party services, we transfer your personal data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements under the GDPR.
Specifically, for the above subprocessors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy (e.g., transfers between the UK and EU) or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect InnoCraft’s legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How we protect your personal data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unathorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss.
Appendix 1
of our
Data Processing Agreement
sets out some of the technical and organisational measures currently observed by InnoCraft.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Matomo Cloud account credentials. Do not share your passwords and access keys.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above. If we make any material changes to the Policy, we will notify you on our website, or by sending you an email.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address:
InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU and UK Representatives
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
Mail address:
eu.rep@eprivacy.eu
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
Mail address:
service@ukrepresentative.eu
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 18
https://www.calendly.com/privacy:
Overview
Terms
Policies
Privacy Notice
Introduction.
Applicability.
Information We Collect and Process.
How We Use Your Information.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Your Rights and Choices.
Security and Storage of Information.
Individuals Outside the USA.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
Contacting Us.
CCPA Notice at Collection for California Residents
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Notice and Privacy Notice for Children
Acceptable Use Policy
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and Trademark Infringement Policy
Calendly Web Accessibility Statement
Developer Policy
Contact us
Table of contents
Privacy Notice
Effective Date:
February 7, 2025
Introduction.
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) describes how Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (“Calendly”, “we”, or “us”) collect, use, and disclose your Personal Data in the course of our business. Throughout this document, we will use a few defined terms.
“
Personal Data
” when used in this Privacy Notice means any data relating to an identified or identifiable natural person that is processed by Calendly as described in this Privacy Notice when such information is protected as “personal data” or “personal information” or a similar term under applicable data protection laws.
“
Services
” when used in this Privacy Policy means all of Calendly’s websites, applications (including, but not limited to, mobile and cloud applications), tools, platforms, and services offered by Calendly, but excluding third party applications.
“
Website
” when used in this Privacy Policy means the Calendly.com website or any other proprietary website owned by Calendly or that Calendly has the authority to manage and control and which link to this Privacy Policy.
Applicability.
Unless stated otherwise, this Privacy Notice only applies to Personal Data for which Calendly acts as a controller, such as when you visit our Website or create an account for our Services.  Please note that when our customers use our Services to directly collect and process Personal Data, such as when our customers use our Services to schedule a meeting with you or record a meeting, Calendly acts as a processor (or service provider) on behalf of our customers (who are controllers of the Personal Data) under the Calendly
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
Information We Collect and Process.
Information You Provide Directly to Calendly
When You Visit Our Website
.  We may collect Personal Data from you when you submit information via a web form or otherwise interact with our Website, for example to request a demo, create a help center or developer account, or download resources and white papers.  In these instances, we may ask for certain Personal Data, such as your name, email address, and phone number.
Account Information.
Calendly’s customers provide Calendly with Personal Data, including name, email address, username, and password, when they set up their account.  If a customer has multiple account holders, then each account holder will provide us with similar information.
Billing Information.
If you purchase a paid version of Calendly, our third party payment processors will collect and store your billing address and credit card information. We store the last four digits of your credit card number, card type, and the expiration date. (
For Prelude service customers only,
the payment and billing information will be processed as established in the services agreement between Calendly and your organization.).
Marketing Information
. People interested in Calendly’s products and services may contact us through forms made available on the Website and voluntarily provide information such as name, email address, phone number, company, and role. People interested in our newsletter may also submit their name and email addresses to join our mailing list. We also receive other similar information provided by you if you participate in an event hosted by or attended by Calendly or its partners (such as webinars, conferences, and trade shows) and in your interactions with our social media accounts.
Additional Information
. We may also receive certain Personal Data as you interact with Calendly through activities such as surveys, focus groups, or any other product education initiatives aimed at receiving your feedback.
Information Collected Automatically From You.
We and our authorized third parties use Cookies (defined below), pixels, web beacons, and other technologies (such as local storage) to receive and store certain types of information when you interact with us through your computer or mobile device (subject to your consent, opt-out preferences or other appropriate legal basis where legally required). Using these technologies helps us customize your experience with our Website and Services, improve your experience, tailor marketing messages, and detect and prevent fraud and security risks. Here is more specific information about the types of information we collect automatically:
Log & Device Data.
When you access the Website or the Services, we and our authorized third parties may automatically record certain information (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Website. This log data may include information, such as the web address you came from or are going to, your device model, operating system, browser type, unique device identifier, IP address, mobile network carrier, and time zone or approximate location. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or PC, or an iPhone or an Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Cookie and Local Storage Data.
Depending on how you’re accessing our Services and subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required, we and our authorized third parties may use “Cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our Website, unique to your Calendly account or your browser) or similar technologies such as pixels, web beacons or local storage to record log data. When we use Cookies, we may use ‘session’ Cookies (that last until you close your browser) or ‘persistent’ Cookies (that last until you or your browser deletes them). For example, we may use Cookies to keep you logged into Calendly. Some of the Cookies we use are associated with your Calendly account (including Personal Data about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other Cookies are not associated with your Calendly account. Calendly provides a centralized cookie management service across the entire Calendly Website. When visiting the Calendly Website or a booking page for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner in accordance with their region. Cookie preferences can be adjusted at any time.  To learn how to manage your cookie preferences, please read the “Your Rights and Choices” Section of this Privacy Notice. We may also use your browser’s local storage under “localStorage” to store certain information that enables us to recognize you when you return to our website. You may erase the local storage objects by deleting your browser's history. (
For Prelude service Invitees only,
you can opt out through the “Cookie Preferences” link made available to you on the booking page you receive from a Prelude customer.)
Usage Data.
When our customers use our Services, we and our authorized third parties collect certain information about how you use the Services.  For example, we collect information on the meeting types our customers use most often, how many meetings are scheduled each day, the app used for the virtual meeting, and whether the meeting was recorded. We use this information to help us monitor and improve the Services, such as to determine which features are most popular amongst our customers, and which features could be added or improved.
Information from Third Party Sources
We may obtain Personal Data about you from third party sources.  This Personal Data may include personal and employment information from lead-generation and marketing companies.  For example, these third party sources may provide Calendly with name, email address, phone number, location of business, time zone, biographical details, job title, employer (and related company details), employment seniority, social media usernames and avatars, and social media activity details.  Calendly uses this information to assist with its sales and marketing efforts.
Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When They Use Our Services
The Services we offer our customers enable our customers to schedule meetings, manage their own customer relationships, and have a better overall experience in their meetings.  When customers use our Services, they may process certain Personal Data, such as first and last name, email address, phone number, virtual meeting recordings, transcripts and summaries, and other information about you.  We call the information that our customers submit or collect via our Services “Customer Data” under our
Customer Terms and Conditions
.
Calendly stores and processes Customer Data on behalf of our customers as a processor (or service provider) based on our customers’ instructions and in accordance with our
Data Processing Addendum
and
Customer Terms and Conditions
.   Each customer controls and is  responsible for the information they process using our Services and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring Personal Data to Calendly. For example, when Microsoft uses our Services, we process and store relevant data on behalf of Microsoft. To learn more about how Microsoft handles personal data, you can review their privacy statement
here
. If you have questions about how your data is processed by our customers or wish to exercise your rights with respect to that data, you should contact the customer which collected your information.
How We Use Your Information.
We may use information that we collect about you, including Personal Data, for the following purposes:
Provide the Calendly Services
. We will use your information to provide our Services to you, including to facilitate scheduling; record, transcribe and summarize your meetings; help manage your customer relationships; create and manage your account; respond to your inquiries; prevent or address service errors, security, or technical issues; analyze and monitor usage; prevent spam, fraud and abuse on the Services; investigate potential violations of our Terms, verify your identity; and for other customer service and support purposes. We use the payment information you provide to us in order to alert you of past, current, and upcoming charges, to allow us to present the billing history to you on your billing page in your account, and to perform internal financial processes, such as looking at the status of a credit card charge. In the event of a credit card dispute, we also share account information with your bank to verify the legitimacy of a charge.
For EU / UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract and legitimate interests.
Understand and improve our products.
We will perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, Services or content, or products, services or content offered by others. We do this to help make our Services better and to develop new Services.
For EU /UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests.
Communicate with you.
Service-related communications.
We may send you service and administrative emails to ensure the service is working properly. We will also email you regarding your calendar appointments. These messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt out of these messages.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is performance of a contract.
Promotional.
Subject to your opt-out preference and subscription, we may send you emails about new product features or other news about Calendly or on topics we think would be relevant to you. You may opt out of receiving these communications at any time. Visit the ‘Your Rights and Choices’ section below. Please be assured that we do not use the email addresses that you enter to schedule a meeting with a Calendly customer to send any type of direct marketing. However, you may receive marketing communications if you have used the same email address to sign up for them previously or to manage your account as a Calendly customer.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
Responding to your requests.
We will also use your information to respond to your questions or comments.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Administrative.
We may contact you to inform you about changes to your account, our Services and other important service-related notices, such as changes to the Terms or Privacy Notice or about security or fraud notices.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal bases for processing are performance of a contract, legitimate interests, and/or compliance with a legal obligation.
Protecting Rights and Interests.
We will use your information to protect our rights and interests as well as the rights and interests of our customers and any other person, as well as to enforce this Privacy Notice or our Terms.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is legitimate interests
.
Legal Compliance.
We may use your information to comply with applicable legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with requests from law enforcement or other governmental authorities, or in legal proceedings involving Calendly.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is compliance with a legal obligation.
Other.
We also may use your information to manage our business or perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection subject to your consent where legally required.
For EU/UK purposes, our legal basis for processing is consent or legitimate interests.
With Whom We May Share Your Information.
We may share information we collect about you, including Personal Data, in the following ways:
With third party Service Providers, agents, and contractors.
We use other companies, agents, or contractors (“Service Providers”) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with providing services and communicating with you. For example, we may engage Service Providers to process credit card transactions or other payment methods. We may also engage Service Providers to provide services such as monitoring and developing Calendly Services; aiding in communications, infrastructure, and IT services; customer service; debt collection; and analyzing and enhancing data. These Service Providers may have access to your Personal Data or other information to provide these functions. In addition, some of the above-listed types of information that we request may be collected by Service Providers on our behalf.
We may also disclose information to Service Providers for certain web tracking purposes, including allowing Service Providers to directly collect information using Cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons).  For example, we use session replay, session recording and similar tools provided by Service Providers to record your interactions with our Website, such as how you move throughout our Website and engage with our webforms. In addition to analytics, this information helps us improve our Website and Services, our marketing activities, and identify and fix technical issues visitors may be having with our Website.
In addition, we may share information with Service Providers for legal, security, and safety purposes. This includes sharing information to enforce policies or contracts, address security breaches, and assist in the investigation of fraud, security issues, or other concerns.
We require Service Providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the Personal Data that we provide to them secure. We do not authorize them to use or disclose your Personal Data except in connection with providing their services. You may find the list of Calendly’s Service Providers which are also sub-processors
here
.
Third Party Partners and Other Third Party Tools.
We may disclose information to third party partners, including marketing, advertising and analytics providers.  We may also disclose information or allow third parties to directly collect information using third party cookies and related tracking technologies (such as pixels and web beacons) on our Website, such as social media companies, advertising networks, companies that provide analytics (including ad tracking and reporting), security providers and others that help us operate our Services and Website.  We use such third party tools subject to your consent, opt-out preferences, or other appropriate legal basis where legally required.  For example, we use third party providers such as Google Analytics to provide certain analytics in connection with the operation of our Website, including collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding characteristics and activities or visitors to the Website.  To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners
.
Affiliates.
We may disclose information to current or future affiliates or subsidiaries for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Government entities.
We may share your data if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal, or governmental request; to respond to a subpoena, court order, warrant, or other legal process; to enforce applicable Terms or this Privacy Notice, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Calendly; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address, security or technical issues, illegal, or suspected illegal activities (including fraud); or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved, or as part of a judicial or regulatory proceeding.
Authorized Agents.
If you are using Calendly as a member of an organization or with your organization’s email domain (thereby representing yourself as a member of the organization), we may share your email address, plan information, and data within your account with an authorized agent of your company upon your company’s request for them to administer the account for the company.
Reorganization Event.
We may, as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization, or liquidation of our company (a "Reorganization Event"), transfer or assign your Personal Data to parties involved in the Reorganization Event. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by and subject to this Privacy Notice.
Children and Educational Service Providers
Calendly is not directed to children under eighteen (18) years of age, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Data, we will promptly delete such Personal Data from our systems. For educational service providers and schools, please see our
FERPA and COPPA Privacy Policy and Notice
.
Your Rights and Choices.
Depending on your relationship with Calendly, you may exercise your rights and choices in the following ways:
Account.
If you are a customer, you may keep your Personal Data accurate and complete by logging into the Services to review and update your account information, including contact and billing information, via your account settings page.
E-mail.
As described above, if you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, you may opt out at any time by following the opt-out link contained in the email itself. Please note that it may take up to ten (10) days to process your request. Please also note that if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send to you service-related emails which are not available for opt-out. If you do not wish to receive any service-related emails from us, you have the option to delete your account.
Cookies.
Depending on your browser and device, you may have the ability to block or reject Cookies via your browser settings. Your browser’s help function should contain instructions on how to set your computer to accept all Cookies, to notify you when a Cookie is issued, or to not receive Cookies at any time. Please keep in mind that certain Cookies are required to authenticate your account as well as perform some actions within Calendly, and therefore, to use the Website, some strictly necessary Cookies are required.  Calendly also provides a centralized cookie management module across the entire Calendly Website, which can be used to adjust your cookie preferences at any time.  This cookie management module can be accessed in four ways: (1) when visiting the Calendly Website for the first time, Website visitors will see a cookie banner, which includes a link to this cookie management module, in accordance with their region; (2) Website visitors can also navigate to the footer of the Calendly Website at any time and change their Cookie preferences under “Cookie Settings” or “Your Privacy Choices;” (3) customers can manage their cookie preferences by accessing “Cookie Settings” under “Account Settings” within their Calendly account; and (4) when a customer wishes to schedule a meeting with you and provides you with a hyperlink to do so, you will be taken to the bookings page of our Website where you can click on “Cookie Settings.”
Third-party analytics and advertising services.
Some of the third party tools we use provide the ability to opt-out.
Google Analytics.
You may opt out of Google Analytics’ services using the Opt-Out feature on their website. The Google Analytics service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out from Google Analytics service from using your information by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser tool:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
.
Clearbit
. You may opt out of Clearbit’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://claim.clearbit.com/claim
. For more information on the privacy practices of Clearbit, please visit their privacy policy:
https://clearbit.com/privacy
.
Facebook Pixel
. You may opt out of Facebook Pixel’s services using their opt-out feature:
https://facebook.com/help/568137493302217
. For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit their Data Policy:
https://facebook.com/about/privacy
MNTN.
You may opt out of TV advertising using their opt-out feature:
https://mountain.com/opt-out/
. For more information on the privacy practices of MNTN, please visit their privacy policy:
https://mountain.com/privacy-policy/
Additional Rights.
Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights, subject to any applicable exemptions or limitations under local laws:
The right to know and access your Personal Data, such as the categories of Personal Data we have collected, the sources of Personal Data, the purposes of collection, and how we used, disclosed, sold, or shared Personal Data;
The right to correct inaccurate Personal Data that we maintain about you;
The right to delete your Personal Data under specific circumstances;
The right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Data, as such terms are defined by applicable laws;
The right to object or opt out of certain types of processing, such as targeted advertising, direct marketing, and certain types of profiling and automated decision-making;
The right to request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
The right to data portability, which means requesting a copy of your Personal Data in an accessible format;
The right to withdraw your consent under certain circumstances; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection supervisory authority. Where applicable, EU residents can find contact information for the relevant data protection supervisory authority on the European Data Protection Board’s website,
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
, or through other publicly available sources.
If you are located in the United States and access the Website, our use of certain cookies could be considered a “sale” or “share” under applicable state privacy laws. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may have the right to opt out of the use of such cookies that result in a “sale” or “share” by navigating to the “Your Privacy Choices” or “Cookie Settings” link in the footer of the Website or clicking through the option in the banner that appears when you first visit our Website. Specifically, to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” click the “Reject All” button, which will disable all optional cookies, including Performance, Functional, and Targeting cookies. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable laws, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). (For more information on the GPC and how to use a browser or browser extension incorporating the signal to opt out of “sales” or “sharing,” see https://globalprivacycontrol.org.). In addition to opting out with Calendly, there are other mechanisms generally available by advertising groups for consumers to opt out of interest-based advertising from a large number of advertising providers at once, including but not limited to, using the following links:
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/
and
http://www.aboutads.info/choices
. Please note that these mechanisms are not managed by Calendly, and Calendly is not an advertising provider.
To the extent any of the above rights are applicable, you may exercise your rights by contacting us at
privacy@calendly.com
. We will take steps to verify your identity before processing certain requests. We will not fulfill your request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the individual about whom we collected Personal Data. If you do not have an account with us, we may request additional information about you to verify your identity. We will only use the Personal Data provided in the verification process to verify your identity or authority to make a request, and to track and document request responses, unless you initially provided the information for another purpose. Calendly will retain the relevant records associated with your request to demonstrate our compliance in accordance with legal requirements and reasonable retention periods.
Based on your jurisdiction, you may be able to use an authorized agent to submit a rights request on your behalf. When we verify your agent’s request, we may verify both your and your agent’s identity and request a signed document from you that authorizes your agent to make the request on your behalf. To protect your Personal Data, we reserve the right to deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on their behalf.
Certain laws may give you a right to appeal any denials of your request to exercise your rights. If we deny your request and you would like to submit an appeal, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Note on Third-Party Links.
Our Website may contain links to third party websites and applications. Subject to your opt-out or consent preferences, we may also use third party advertisers, ad networks, and other advertising, marketing and promotional companies, to serve advertisements on our Website and other websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Privacy Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we do not endorse these parties, their content, or any products and services they offer, and we are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites or applications.
Security and Storage of Information.
Given the nature of communications and information processing technology, there is no guarantee that Personal Data will be absolutely safe from access, alteration, or destruction by a breach of any of our physical, technical, and managerial safeguards. However, Calendly takes the security of your Personal Data very seriously. We work hard to protect the Personal Data that you provide from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, and we have taken reasonable steps to help protect the Personal Data we collect. We have obtained industry recognized certifications and audits, such as the ISO/IEC 27001, which affirm our commitment to our security program (certification not applicable to the Prelude service). More information on Calendly security and storage practices is available
here
.
You should also take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your device and account by, among other things, choosing a unique and complex password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
We retain the Personal Data we collect for so long as is reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data was collected, to perform our contractual and legal obligations (including any exemptions or exceptions contemplated by law), and for any applicable statute of limitations periods for the purposes of bringing and defending claims.
Individuals Outside the USA.
If you are an individual located in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Canada or another jurisdiction outside of the United States with laws and regulations governing Personal Data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be aware that information we collect (including through the use of methods such as Cookies and other web technologies) will be processed and stored in the United States or in other countries where we or our Service Providers have operations. By submitting your Personal Data to Calendly and using Calendly, please be aware that your Personal Data may be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States or another jurisdiction which may not offer the same level of privacy protection as those in the country where you reside. (For a list of applicable countries where data centers are located specifically for the sub-processors of our Services, you may check our
subprocessors list
.)
In connection with the operation of its Website, Calendly may transfer your Personal Data to various locations, which may include locations both inside and outside of the European Economic Area. We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum to legally transfer Personal Data submitted relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland.
Calendly has designated representatives in the European Economic Area and in the United Kingdom in accordance with applicable legal requirements in the GDPR and UK GDPR. If you are located in these jurisdictions, you can contact our representatives at any time with any questions you may have about data protection. Their contact details are found in the “Contacting Us” section below.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Notice.
Calendly, LLC and its affiliate Interview Schedule, Inc. d/b/a Prelude (collectively referred to in this section as “Calendly” or “we”) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  Calendly has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
In compliance with the DPF principles, when we transfer Personal Data to a third party acting as our agent, we will be liable under the Principles if our agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose your Personal Data in response to a lawful request made by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Calendly’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF).
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF,  the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Calendly commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Data. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Calendly at the contact methods set out in the “Contacting Us” section at the end of this Privacy Notice. Our goal is to address your complaint and make it right. However, if we can’t resolve your complaint,  you may contact JAMS, our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider at
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
(free of charge). You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints.  It is also possible, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. Please see the
Data Privacy Framework Annex I
for more information on this option.
Additional California Resident Privacy Disclosures.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and any subsequent amendments including the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively, “CCPA”), California residents are entitled to the following additional disclosures about our data processing. These disclosures apply solely to individuals who live in the State of California (“California Residents”). All terms used in this section have the same meaning as when used in the CCPA. California Residents may also review our Notice at Collection for our Website
here
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of Personal Data: identifiers, personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)); commercial information; internet or other similar network activity; geolocation data, professional or employment-related data; and inferences drawn from other categories or personal information. For more details about the specific types of Personal Data we have collected, the purposes for which we have collected Personal Data and the sources of that information, please refer to the descriptions above in the Information We Collect and the How We Use Your Information sections above.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of Personal Data described above for a business purpose as detailed in the description of disclosures to “Service Providers” in the With Whom We May Share Your Information section above.
We may also sell or share information to the extent our use of cookies and tracking technologies for targeted advertising or analytics purposes constitutes a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA. Your opt-out rights are described in the Your Rights and Choices section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Data with our targeted advertising and analytics partners: identifiers and internet or other similar network activity.
We do not knowingly sell the Personal Data of minors under age 18.
Response to Requests.
For an explanation of the rights you may have as a California resident, please see the Your Rights and Choices section above. We will attempt to respond to California Resident requests in a timely fashion. In the event of delays over 45 days, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable receipt of a California Resident’s request unless you request otherwise and that time period meets the regulatory requirements. The response we provide will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before fulfilling your request.
Shine the Light.
This Privacy Notice describes how we may share your information, including for marketing purposes. California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your Personal Data shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us at
privacy@calendly.com
.
Changes to this Privacy Notice.
This Privacy Notice is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. This Privacy Notice may change if there is a material change to the way information is handled at Calendly, or to clarify our Notice or adjust clerical errors. If any changes are made, we’ll post them on this page, so please be sure to check back periodically.
Contacting Us.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice or anything related to privacy, please contact us via email at
privacy@calendly.com
.
You may also write to us at:
Attn: Privacy Department
Calendly, Inc.
115 E Main St., Ste A1B
Buford, GA 30518
USA
For EEA Residents - you may also contact our EU Representative at
eurep@calendly.com
. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (DPO Centre Europe, BERLIN: Friedrichstrabe 88, Excellent Business Centre, Berlin, 10117, Germany or (+49 304 0817 3000).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/
For UK Residents: you may also contact our UK Representative at ukrep@calendly.com. Alternatively, they can be reached by post (The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool Street, London, EC2M 7PY) or (+44 (0) 203 797 6340).
https://www.dpocentre.com/contact-us/