Customer Privacy Policy
Last updated on November 27, 2024
GENERAL
Burger King Europe GmbH, Dammstrasse 23, 6300 Zug, Switzerland (hereinafter BURGER KING®) collects,
                processes
                and uses personal data in accordance with the statutory provisions. In doing so, BURGER KING® respects
                the
                personal rights of its customers and other persons that visit BURGER KING® websites and mobile
                applications
                and knows the importance of protecting personal data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This
                Privacy
                Policy sets out how BURGER KING® (i) collects your personal data when you visit BURGER KING® websites
                and
                mobile applications, (ii) processes it for certain purposes, and (iii) shares it with third parties, as
                described in this Privacy Policy.
NAME AND ADDRESS OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR PROCESSING
The person responsible within the meaning of the data protection laws applicable in Ireland (i.e. the
            ‘controller’ of the processing of the personal data) and who you can contact is:
Burger King Europe GmbH
Dammstrasse 23
6300 Zug
Switzerland
CHE-112.877.401
Email: privacy-international@rbi.com
WHICH DATA IS COLLECTED AND HOW IS IT USED?
BURGER KING® collects personal data such as:
Identification information, including first name, surname, date of birth andinformation that you to
                supply to verify your identity; and
Contact information, including postal delivery address, email address, phone number, only (i) insofar as
                these are provided by you on a voluntary basis and (ii) to the extent such a collection is permitted by
                law or covered by your consent. The same applies to the transmission to BURGER KING® of personal data
                that you enter into any BURGER KING® website or mobile application, such as:
- Transaction and order information, including product purchase, order history, price, method of
                payment, points earned in any reward or promotion program, preferred restaurant locations, and payment
                details;
- Account information, including username, promotion history and other personal information or login
                credential to use the BURGER KING® websites and mobile applications.
The above mentioned personal data may be provided by you to BURGER KING® during an order or a purchase
                of a product via the BURGER KING® websites and online applications, when registering to use the BURGER
                KING® websites and online application, when requesting to receive newsletters and other marketing
                materials, promotion scheme, or communications from BURGER KING® or when submitting information in a
                feedback form, for example (Other information).
BURGER KING® also collects information on your online behaviour and preferences from your computer
                system or mobile or smart device via automated techniques when you visit BURGER KING® websites or mobile
                applications, including through cookies or other tracking technology such as web beacons (Cookie
                information). You can find additional information regarding the use of cookies and tracking technology
                below in this Privacy Policy and in our
Cookies & Tracking Policy.
FOR WHAT PURPOSES IS THE PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND ON WHAT LEGAL BASIS IS IT PROCESSED?
BURGER KING® processes the collected personal data in accordance with applicable data protection laws as
                follows:
Purpose
Categories of Personal Data involved
Legal Basis
to register and provide an account on BURGER KING®’s websites and
                            mobile application and provide you with BURGER KING® products and services.
Account information
Contact information
Identification information
It is necessary for BURGER KING® to process your personal data in order
                            to perform BURGER KING®’s contract with you, or to take steps at your request prior to
                            entering into a contract with you.
to fulfil your orders and process payments for BURGER KING® products
                            and services.
Identification information
Contact information
Transaction information
It is necessary for BURGER KING® to process your personal data in order
                            to perform BURGER KING®’s contract with you, or to take steps at your request prior to
                            entering into a contract with you.
to send you communications about your orders, purchases or accounts
                            with BURGER KING®.
Contact information
Transaction information
It is necessary for BURGER KING®to process your personal data in order
                            to perform BURGER KING®’s contract with you, or to take steps at your request prior to
                            entering into a contract with you.
to send you direct marketing communications about products and services
                            of BURGER KING®'s or its business partners.
Identification information
Contact information
Your consent
Legitimate interest in promoting BURGER KING®'s products and services to customers.
to personalize your experience on BURGER KING® websites or mobile
                            applications in order to provide you with content (including advertising and bonus features
                            such as personalized offers) or offers that may be of interest to you or make it easier to
                            navigate the BURGER KING® websites and mobile applications.
Account information
Contact information
Identification information
Cookie information (analytics and advertising)
Information derived or inferred from your online behaviour, purchase history and
                                preferences to determine a profile of your interests and how you use BURGER KING®’s
                                online services (Your profile information)
Legitimate interest in promoting BURGER KING®'s products and services
                            to customers, to personalise customers’ experience, and to deliver content tailored to the
                            interests of customers.
to conduct data analysis, including consumer research, trend analysis
                            and financial analysis to improve BURGER KING® products, offering, promotions, the websites
                            and mobile applications and other technologies.
Transaction information
Cookie information
Legitimate interest in measuring and growing BURGER KING®'s business.
to verify your age or identity.
Identification information
Legitimate interest in:
ensuring the security of our services and data; or
verifying you are at least 13 years of age where you place an order for food or
                                    beverage products via our websites or mobile application; or
verifying your eligibility to participate in this BURGER KING® Rewards Program
to manage our relationship with you.
Identification information
Contact information
Transaction information
Legitimate interest in managing BURGER KING®'s business and providing
                            services to our customers.
to monitor customer accounts to prevent, investigate and/or report
                            fraud, terrorism, misrepresentation, security incidents or crime, in accordance with
                            applicable law.
Compliance with a legal obligation to so; or
Legitimate interest in preventing and detecting fraud or other wrongdoing.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, BURGER KING® does not sell or otherwise pass personal data on
                to third parties.
BURGER KING® may pass on personal data within the BURGER KING® group of companies, including BURGER KING®
                subsidiaries, affiliates, and franchisees worldwide including in countries which may not provide a
                comparable level of data protection to the one in Ireland, in order to fulfil contractual and legal
                obligations. Members of the BURGER KING® group of companies who receive this information from BURGER
                KING® are not authorized to use or disclose the personal data in any manner other than as set forth in
                this Privacy Policy and have agreed to treat the personal data in accordance with the terms of this
                Privacy Policy.
To the extent permitted by law, BURGER KING® engages franchisees, subprocessors, vendors and suppliers to
                carry out functions on BURGER KING®'s behalf, such as supporting promotions, providing technical and
                other information technology services (like website hosting and maintenance), fulfilling orders and
                deliveries, processing payments and conducting research and analytics. We require these franchisees,
                subprocessors, vendors and suppliers to treat the information confidentially, use personal data only for
                the purpose for which it is provided, and respect all applicable data protection laws and data
                protection contractual terms.
BURGER KING® may share information with any successor to all or part of its business. If part of our
                business has been sold or integrated with another business, BURGER KING® may provide its list of
                customers to advisers and any prospective purchaser’s adviser and will be passed to the new owners of
                the business as part of that transaction.
BURGER KING® reserves the right to use or pass on data to law enforcement, regulators and other
                regulatory authorities insofar as this is necessary to comply with laws, regulations or legal
                requirements or to prevent, investigate or report fraud, damage to property (such as the website or
                mobile application), misrepresentation, security or safety incidents or crime to protect the integrity
                of the app and / or the website or to support investigations into matters relating to public safety,
                where it is is required.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
BURGER KING® is a global company with cross-border business processes, management structures and
                technical systems and BURGER KING® may therefore pass on personal data to BURGER KING® group companies
                and BURGER KING® service providers outside the European Union. Where these locations do not provide an
                adequate level of data protection we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect the transfer
                of your personal data to these countries and entities.
Within the BURGER KING® group of companies, personal data may be transferred to the following countries:
                US, Ireland, Germany and Switzerland
When sharing personal data with third party service providers, personal data may be transferred to the
                following countries: US, Ireland, Germany and Switzerland
Where BURGER KING® transfers personal data to Switzerland, it relies upon the
Adequacy Decision from the European Commission
.
Where BURGER KING® transfers personal data to the US, it relies upon the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
                (where the recipient in the US participates in the Framework) or alternatively, standard contractual
                clauses, approved by the European Commission.
A copy of the relevant mechanism can be obtained for your review on request by using the contact details
                below.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
BURGER KING® uses cookies and other similar tracking technologies (e.g. pixels, plugins, etc.) to collect
                data for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy under "FOR WHAT PURPOSES IS THE PERSONAL DATA
                COLLECTED PROCESSED?".
A "cookie" is a small text file that your browser automatically creates and that is stored on your
                device. This is used to recognize and / or obtain information about the user.
A "pixel" (also known as a tracking pixel or tag) is a small graphic that is embedded in the website,
                application or email. This is used to track usage.
Like most websites, BURGER KING® uses cookies and other tracking technologies to enhance your online
                experience. For this purpose, third-party companies on behalf of BURGER KING® place pixels and / or
                cookies on your end device that collect usage data.
The usage data recorded is data that can be collected while you are browsing the app's pages or clicking
                on advertising, for example. In this way, BURGER KING® can analyze the use of advertising that might be
                of interest to you and match your preferences. Information collected by different tracking technologies
                can be merged to further tailor our campaigns. In no case will your name, address, e-mail address be
                saved. If IP addresses are recorded, they are anonymized so that a personal reference is excluded.
Most of the cookies BURGER KING® uses are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted
                after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them or withdraw your
                consent to their use. These cookies enable BURGER KING® to recognize your browser the next time you
                visit.
Further information on cookies and other tracking technologies can be found in the BURGER KING®
Cookies & Tracking Policy
. You
                can block or delete cookies through your browser and device settings in accordance with the information
                provided in the
Cookies & Tracking
                    Policy
.
LOCATION SERVICES
When searching for BURGER KING® restaurants, you can also display search results in the vicinity of your
                current location. This requires that the transmission of the exact location of your mobile device or
                computer using geolocation and technology such as GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or mobile telephone mast
                proximity. The transmission only takes place if the corresponding search function is used. The data is
                only used to determine the appropriate search results. No personal information on the geographical
                position is recorded. The location data is not saved as it is only used for the moment the search
                results are calculated.
SECURITY MEASURES
BURGER KING® is committed to takingappropriate measures to ensure the security of personal data. While
                BURGER KING® uses technical, administrative and physical procedures to protect personal information,
                there is no 100% guaranteed security of websites, mobile applications, computer systems, or the
                transmission of data over the Internet or other public networks. BURGER KING® encourages you to exercise
                caution when using applications and the internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
BURGER KING® will retain personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes stated in this
                Privacy Policy and in accordance with BURGER KING®'s data retention policy, unless a longer retention
                period is required or permitted by law.
Where BURGER KING® processes account information, including your participation in the BURGER KING®
                Rewards Program, this is done for as long as you are an active user of the websites and mobile
                applications and until you delete your account.
Where BURGER KING® processes personal data for marketing purposes or with your consent, it is processed
                until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this to allow your request to be implemented.
                BURGER KING® may also keep a record of the fact that you have asked BURGER KING® not to send you direct
                marketing or to process your data so that BURGER KING® can respect your request in future.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Under data protection law, you have the following rights set out below.
These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about
                another person, or if you ask BURGER KING® to delete information which we are required by law or have
                compelling legitimate interests to keep.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights,  please fill out the our DSAR form available here : (to add the form).
RIGHT OF ACCESS
Every person concerned has the right to request confirmation from BURGER KING® as to whether personal
                data concerning them are being processed, and, where that is the case, to receive a copy such personal
                data, and to receive information about:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data that are processed;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been disclosed or are
                    still being disclosed, in particular to recipients in third countries or to international
                    organizations;
if possible, the planned duration for which the personal data will be stored or, if this is not
                    possible, the criteria for determining this duration;
the existence of a right to correction or deletion of personal data concerning you or to restriction
                    of processing by BURGER KING® or a right to object to this processing;
the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
if the personal data are not collected from the data subject: all available information on the
                    origin of the data;
the existence of automated decision-making and meaningful information about the logic involved as
                    well as the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
whether personal data has been transmitted to a third country or to an international organization
                    and where information about the appropriate safeguards applicable to that transfer.
If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to information, he or she can contact BURGER KING® of
                personal data at any time.
RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to request the correction of any
                inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning them.
RIGHT TO DELETION (RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN)
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to demand that BURGER KING®, as a
                controller, delete the personal data concerning them immediately, provided that at least one of the
                following reasons applies and insofar as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data were collected or otherwise processed for such purposes for which they are no
                    longer necessary.
The data subject revokes their consent on which the processing was based and there is no other legal
                    basis for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing in certain circumstances and there are no overriding
                    legitimate reasons for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing for direct marketing purposes.
The personal data was processed unlawfully.
The deletion of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which BURGER KING® is
                    subject.
The personal data was collected in relation to information society services offered directly to a
                    child on the basis of consent by that child or on their behalf.
If one of the above-mentioned reasons applies and a data subject wishes to have personal data stored by
                BURGER KING® deleted, they should contact BURGER KING® . BURGER KING® will then arrange for the deletion
                request to be dealt with promptly.
If the personal data has been made public by BURGER KING® and BURGER KING®, as the controller, is obliged
                to delete the personal data, BURGER KING® will take appropriate measures, taking into account the
                available technology and the implementation costs, to inform other data processors who process the
                published personal data to inform that the data subject has requested the deletion of all links to this
                personal data or of copies of this personal data from these other persons responsible for data
                processing, insofar as the processing is not necessary.
RIGHT TO RESTRICTION OF PROCESSING
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to request the controller to
                restrict processing if one of the following conditions is met:
The data subject disputes the correctness of the personal data for a period that enables BURGER
                    KING® to check the correctness of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful, the person concerned refuses to delete the personal data and instead
                    requests that the use of the personal data be restricted.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but the data
                    subject needs them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
The person concerned has lodged an objection to the processing and it has not yet been determined
                    whether the legitimate interests of BURGER KING® or another third party outweigh those of the person
                    concerned.
If one of the above conditions is met and a person concerned would like to request the restriction of
                personal data stored by BURGER KING®, they should contact BURGER KING® at any time. BURGER KING® will
                then arrange for the restriction request to be dealt with promptly.
RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to receive the personal data
                concerning them, which the person concerned has provided to a controller, in a common electronic format
                where the personal data has been provided. You also have the right to transfer this data to another
                controller without hindrance from BKE, provided that the processing is based on consent or a contract
                between you and BKE as a controller and the processing is carried out using automated means, subject to
                certain conditions, namely that
this does not require disproportionate efforts and provided that this does not affect the rights and
                freedoms of other persons.
In order to assert this right to data portability, you can contact BURGER KING®. BURGER KING® will then
                arrange for the data portability request to be dealt with promptly.
RIGHT TO OBJECT
Every person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to object at any time to the
                processing of their personal data where such processing is done on the basis of a public task or
                legitimate interest of BURGER KING® or another person.
In the event of an objection, BURGER KING® will no longer process the personal data unless it can
                demonstrate compelling reasons for processing which are worthy of protection and which outweigh the
                interests, rights and freedoms of the person concerned, or unless the processing serves to assert,
                exercise or defend legal claims.
Where BURGER KING® processes personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, the data subject shall
                have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data for the purpose of such
                marketing. If the data subject objects to BURGER KING®'s processing for the purposes of direct
                marketing, it will no longer process the personal data for those purposes.
To exercise the right to object, the person concerned can contact BURGER KING®. BURGER KING® will then
                arrange to deal with the objection request promptly.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT
Any person affected by the processing of personal data has the right to withdraw consent to the
                processing of personal data at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent
                before its withdrawal.
If the person concerned wishes to assert their right to withdraw consent, they can contact BURGER KING®
                at any time. BURGER KING® will then arrange for the data portability request to be dealt with promptly.
RIGHT TO LODGE A COMPLAINT
If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the
                country that you reside in or, the country of your place of work or the country where the alleged
                infringement took place. In Ireland, the data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission. You can also contact our Data Privacy Officer at dpo@rbi.com
AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
BURGER KING® does not carry out any solely automated decision-making processes.
Amendments and update to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, BURGER KING® may make changes to this Privacy Policy. BURGER KING® will notify you of
                any material changes to this Privacy Policy as required by law. BURGER KING® will also post an updated
                copy on the mobile application. Please check the BURGER KING® websites or the mobile applications
                periodically for updates.