PRIVACY
POLICY
This
Privacy Policy applies to
Salt App.
Ltd
.,
a
company under incorporation
(or
any other name as shall be approved by the Israeli Companies Registrar" ("
Company
")
Terms of Service (the "
TOS
") available at
this link
in connection with the Application and Services (as defined in the TOS), and
governs data collection and usage therein and in connection thereto. By downloading,
accessing, browsing, using, or otherwise submitting information in connection
with the Application or Services, you acknowledge and consent to the practices
outlined in this Privacy Policy and the collection and use of information by
the Company subject to the terms set forth below.
Collection
of Private Information/Data
Company may
view, collect, receive and store any information, data and other details submitted,
uploaded, posted, transmitted, communicated, shared or exchanged by you through
downloading, registering to and using the Application and/or using the Services
(collectively "
Private Information
"). Private Information may
include without limitation:
·
Your name, e-mail address, country, language, user ID for Facebook
or any other social network through which you choose to register, and other contact
details and any other information you choose to provide on or via the Application;
·
Certain types of information which is automatically received,
collected and recorded by Company whenever you interact with the Company by downloading
the Application and/or using the Application and/or Services, including certain
"traffic data" on its server logs from your browser or mobile device,
such as your IP address, MAC address, browser type, domain names, access times,
date of registration, last sign in, purchase history within the Application,
your "International Mobile Equipment Identity" ("IMEI") and
geolocation information when using the application;
·
Anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you,
such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites;
·
Information that you provide while submitting any content through
the Application Including photos, logos, text and other elements
·
If you use the Application by logging in through Facebook or other
social network, we also may receive personal information about you from the
social network. Please check policies of the social network in order to
understand what information we receive. We may maintain a copy of your Facebook
profile photo so that we may more easily connect you with your Facebook friends
who sign up for our service in the future.
In
addition, company may view projects that you create in the Application, and may
record real time sessions of your use of the Application.
Use
of Private Information
Company
may monitor, collect, retain and use any of the Private Information as follows:
1.
Using the traffic data collected by Company for quality control
reasons by way of helping diagnosis of problems with its servers.
2.
Producing statistics and statistical information regarding use of the
Application and/or the Service and conveying such statistic information to
third parties according to Company's discretion. No identifying details shall
be provided to any third parties, subject to the exceptions specified herein.
3.
Processing your inquiries and responding to your requests, as well
as preforming the Services.
4.
The Company may use the Private Information to provide, customize
and personalize its Application and/or the Service and to detect and/or prevent
fraud. The Company may also use such information for promotion purposes, such
as to offer certain products or services of the Company or of others. The
Company may also contact users via surveys for examination of current or
potential services and/or functionalities of the Application and/or the Service.
5.
Company may, from time to time, contact you, whether for itself or
on behalf of third parties about a particular offering that may be of interest
to you. The Company may contact you by post, e-mail, telephone or fax for these
purposes but your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name,
address, telephone number) shall not be transferred to such third parties
unless necessary in order to provide the Services. In addition, Company may
share such unique personally identifiable information with third parties who
are service providers for the Company bound by confidentiality undertaking,
engaged by Company to help Company perform statistical analysis, send users email
or postal mail or provide customer support. All such third parties are
prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these
services to Company, and they are or shall be (as the case may be) required to
maintain the confidentiality of your information.
6.
Company may monitor and keep track of your use of the Application
and Services in order to determine popularity of certain features and
functionality of the Application and Services. Company may use this data to improve,
customize and personalize its services, user experience improvement and
optimization purposes,
and deliver customized content and
advertising within the Application to users whose behavior indicates that they
are more interested in a particular subject area.
7.
You are entitled to request in writing that your information be
deleted from any and all of Company's data bases. You hereby acknowledge,
however, that such removal of your Private Information may result in your inability
to use the Application and/or all or some of the Services and you shall not
have any claim against Company with respect to your inability to use the
Application and/or such Services due to the foregoing.
8.
Any such Private Information collected by Company shall not be
disclosed to any third party without the prior written consent by you, subject
to the exceptions specified herein. Company will disclose any of the Private
Information, to third parties, only if: (a) Company is required to do so by
law, or court order, injunction or decree; or (b) Company believes in good
faith that such action is necessary to conform to or comply with the provisions
of any law or with legal proceedings, to protect the rights or property of Company
and/or to protect the personal safety of users of the Application, or the
public; or (c) in case of dispute between Company and User; or (d) to verify
your identity and prevent or detect fraud; or (5) upon User's consent.
Other
Web sites
the
Application may contain links to third party websites or services, which are specifically
governed by their own terms of use and privacy policy, which are outside the
Company's control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access
other sites using the links provided on the Application, the operators of these
sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance
with their own privacy policy that may differ from this one.
Security
of your Personal Information
Company reasonably
secures the personally identifiable information you provide from unauthorized
access, use or disclosure, on computer servers in a controlled and secured
environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, you
acknowledge that the information protection systems are not immune from any
breaches or sabotage, and third party may make unlawful and harmful use of  our
servers and information stored thereon, including, but not limited to,
uploading malicious files of any kind, viruses, worms, Trojan horses and the
such, copy and corrupt or otherwise make unauthorized use of the information. You
agree that the Company shall not be liable in any way to any damage whatsoever
that may result of any such third party behavior.
Changes
to this Policy
Company
may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, by placement of an updated
policy in the Application, without giving any prior notice. The Privacy Policy
published at any given time shall automatically replace the former Privacy
policy and shall govern the relations between Company and users.
Contact
Information
Company
welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that
Company has not adhered to this policy, please contact Company
by electronic mail at: feedback@saltapp.me
and we will use commercially reasonable
efforts to attend your comment.
Access
rights
To obtain
a copy of the personal information the Company holds about you, please write
with full details to us according to the contact details as set forth above.
Transfer
of Data Abroad
Company's
servers are cloud based. If you are downloading the Application and/or using
the Application and/or Services from a country other than where the Private
Information is stored, your communications with us may result in the transfer
of information across international boundaries, possibly in multiple occasions,
including, without limitation, from the EU to the US. By visiting the Website and/or
using the Services and communicating electronically with us, you consent to
such transfers.
Miscellaneous
This
Privacy Policy shall be governed exclusively by the internal substantive laws
of the State of Israel, without respect to any conflict of laws principles. Any
claim or dispute between User and Company that arises in whole or in part in
connection with this Privacy Policy shall be decided exclusively by a court of
competent jurisdiction located in Tel Aviv, Israel.
***