Privacy Policy
Sharply Labs are willing to do as much as it cans to protect and respect your privacy.
Please review the TOS before continuing reading this Privacy Policy.
As part of Sharply services, Sharply Labs (“We”)  needs to collect information, including information about your performance and account details.
By downloading Sharply Labs apps or installing it, you confirm that you have read and agreed to the information practices described in this document.
​
Data Collection
Sharply collects different types of information: Personal and non-personal information, which does not necessarily relate to you.
At the registration and during the use of Sharply services, we collect your sign-in data such as your name, email address, device information, age, gender and more or Facebook login information (subjected to Facebook’s privacy policy).
This we use to identify your unique account.
In addition, we collect your answers during the registration to create a personalized training experience.
In case of signing using Facebook, we will not post anything on your wall without permission granted by you.
When you use Sharply services we my collect log information and store specific information, including IP, ISP, language, browser information and more.
In order to improve our customer service, we may collect any information you give us to identify you.
We collect non-personal information during the game plays to provide you better training experience.
In case of legal circumstances, data may be shared as required by law.
Storage and security
Your data will be treated securely by all reasonable steps we can take.
Please keep your password safe and do not share it with anyone.
Once you shared your password with another person, we won’t be able to protect your personal data.
The data related to your account will be stored as long as Sharply Labs Apps available to you.
Even if you delete the application from your device, this does not mean all your data is deleted.
We will take reasonable steps to protect and save your personal information against loss or inappropriate use. In any case, we are not responsible for any kind of misuse of your data made from malicious attacks by third parties.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future.