To main content
Privacy Policy
Effective as of August 19, 2021
This Privacy Policy explains how Everdance Inc. ("Everdance," "we," "our" or "us") collect, use and share your information, including personal data when you visit our mobile applications or website (collectively, the "Services"). Everdance recognizes that you care about how your information is used, and your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we may collect and use your information, particularly your personal information, and the choices you can make about what information you share. If you are located in the European Union ("EU"), this Privacy Policy also informs you about the management of your personal data and your rights in accordance with Article 13 of the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to interact with our Services, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy constitutes an inseparable part of Everdance's
Terms of User Agreement
and must be read together with Terms of User Agreement.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we'll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification as required by applicable law, and we'll update the "Last Updated Date" above to indicate when those changes will become effective. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you use the Services after the updated Privacy Policy is posted on the Services. If at any point you do not agree to any portion of the Privacy Policy then in effect, you must immediately stop using the Services. Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, Everdance will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
Personal Information We Collect About You
Everdance collects the following types of personal information about you when you register to use the Services, log in with social networking credentials, submit information through the Services, or otherwise communicate with us:
Account Registration
You may browse the public-facing portions of the Services without registering an account with Everdance. If you register an account with us to use the Services, then you must provide us with certain information, such as your email address, age.
Use of the Services
We collect information that you post to the Services.
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, videos, and virtual item videos that you choose to upload or broadcast on the App.
Profile information, such as name, social media account information, and profile image, a short biography.
User content you post to the Service will be displayed on the service and viewable by other users. In addition, your profile information, such as your photograph and username, will be searchable and accessible by other users. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other users who will view and use this information, so you should carefully consider whether to post any user content on the Service or how you identify yourself on the Service. You should not disclose your home address or the address of your place of business, school or other locations you frequent on a regular basis in any user content.
Messages
We collect and process information you provide, including any personal information, in the context of composing, sending, or receiving messages through our Services' messaging functionality, and we may collect information about your use of our messaging functionality. Please be aware that messages sent to other users of our Services will be accessible by those other users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or disclose messages.
Customer Support
We collect information that you provide to us, including any personal information, when you contact us for customer-support purposes.
In-App Purchases
We collect information that you provide to us for the purpose of facilitating your purchases.
You may use some aspects of the Services at any time without providing any personal information. While providing personal information is voluntary, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some of the Services, if you choose not to share it.
We may sell subscriptions or merchandise through our Services. When you make purchases through the Services, we process your payments through a third party application, including the Apple App Store, Google Play App Store, Amazon App Store (together with any similar applications, "App Stores"), Social Networking Sites such as Facebook, and other third-party payment processers, including Stripe. The third party application may collect certain financial information from you to process a payment on behalf of Everdance, including your name, email address, address and other billing information.
Information we obtain from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you choose to link or sign up using your social network (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google), we may collect information from these third-party services. By using this functionality, you give Everdance permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network's terms of use and this Privacy Policy. Please refer to the privacy settings in your social network account for information about what data is shared with Everdance and other connected applications and to manage the data that is shared through your account, including information about your activities using our Sites. Everdance does not retain your username or password for social networking platforms for any longer than is necessary to complete an interaction. If you would like to disconnect a social media account from Everdance, refer to the settings of that social media account and its provider.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information about the devices that you use to interact with the Services, as well as information about how you interact with the Services. The information automatically collected will be associated with any personal information you have provided. We automatically collect the following information:
• Your IP address;
• Device Identifiers;
• Web browser type and version;
• Page/app views;
• Date and time pages viewed;
• Language used;
• Mobile or device information including the model of your device, screen resolution, operating system.
How We Use Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and process personal information about individuals for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested
We may use information about you to fulfill requests for products, Services, or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:
• Generally manage Individual information and Accounts
• Respond to questions, comments, and other requests
• Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of Everdance's Services
• Contact you to answer requests for customer support or technical support
• Allow you to register for events
Administrative Purposes
We may use personal information about you for administrative purposes, including to:
• Measure interest in Everdance's Services
• Develop new products and Services
• Ensure internal quality control
• Verify Individual identity
• Communicate about Individual Accounts and activities on our Services and systems, and, in Everdance's discretion, changes to any Everdance policy
• Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account and for informational and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance
• Process payment for products or services purchased
• Process applications and transactions
• Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities
• Enforce our Terms
Research and Development
We may use personal information to create nonidentifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us to optimally deliver our existing products and Services or develop new products and Services. From time to time, Everdance may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
Email and Outbound Telemarketing
Individuals who provide us with personal information, or whose personal information we obtain from third parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters from us with information on our or our business partners' products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in this Privacy Policy.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues
Everdance's Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, Everdance allows you to provide information about your friends through our referral services, such as "Tell a Friend." Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by us or any other third parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses
We may use personal information for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
Information That We Share With Third Parties
We will not share any personal information that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below
Information Shared with Our Services Providers
We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. These third-party services providers have access to your personal information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; (iv) customer service activities. Everdance has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing personal information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
We may also share your personal information with our marketing service providers to help us better market our products and services to you. Our marketing service providers may use your personal information only for the purpose of helping us better market our products and services to you and are prohibited from transferring your personal information to others. If you don't want Everdance to use your information for these purposes, you can opt out by contacting us at support@everdance.app
Information Shared with Business Partners
We may share personal information with our business partners, and affiliates for our and our affiliates' internal business purposes or to provide you with a product or service that you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner's name will appear, along with Everdance. We require our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of personal information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which Everdance provided them.
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions
Information that we collect from our users, including personal information, is considered to be a business asset. As a result, if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale, some or all of our assets, including your personal information, may be disclosed or transferred to a third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
Everdance is willing to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and/or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims or legal process and comply with law enforcement or national security requests (including subpoenas, warrants or court orders); (ii) to protect your, our, or other's property, rights and safety and the rights, property and safety of a third party or the public in general; (iii) to prevent or stop any activity we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity; (iv) to respond to your requests; (v) to collect amounts owed to us; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes – e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Your Choices & Opt-Out
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information. Where you have consented to Everdance's processing of your personal information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further processing by contacting us at support@everdance.app. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Services and/ or information from the advertisements on third party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our Services. When you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms of Use Agreement or this Privacy Policy or information about billing.
Mobile Devices
We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications with updates and other notices that may be of interest to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device.
Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
Modification, correction and erasure.
You can access and modify the personal information associated with your Account through your Account settings or by contacting us at support@everdance.app. If you want us to delete your personal information and your Account, please contact us at support@everdance.app with your request. We'll take steps to delete your information as soon we can within the timeframe (72 hours), but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
EEA residents
Individuals residing in the countries of the European Economic Area have certain statutory rights in relation to their personal data introduced by the General Data Protection Regulation (the "GDPR"). Subject to any exemptions provided by law, you have the following rights:
a. Rectification of Personal Data and Restriction of Processing. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your Personal Data that you submit to the App. If you believe that your Personal Data is inaccurate, you have right to contact us and ask us to correct such Personal Data by contacting us at support@everdance.app. You shall also have the right to request restriction of processing of your Personal Data, if you contest the accuracy of the Personal Data and we need some time to verify its accuracy.
b. Access to your Personal Data and Data Portability. You shall have the right to request information about whether we have any Personal Data about you, to access your Personal data (including in a structured and portable form) by simply writing us at support@everdance.app.
c. Erasure of your Personal Data. If you believe that your Personal Data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed, or in cases where you have withdrawn your consent or object to the processing of your Personal Data, or in cases where the processing of your Personal Data does not otherwise comply with the GDPR, you have right to contact us and ask us to erase such Personal Data. You can simply write us at support@everdance.app. Please be aware that erasing some Personal Data inserted by you may affect your possibility to utilize the App and its features. Erasure of some Personal Data may also take some time due to technical reasons.
d. Notification requirements. We commit to notify you within reasonable period of time and your data protection authority within the timeframe specified in applicable law (72 hours) about any personal data breaches in the App.
e. Data Protection Authorities. Subject to GDPR, you also have the right to (i) restrict our use of Personal Data and (ii) lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority about any of our activities that you deem are not compliant with GDPR.
Please keep in mind that in case of a vague access, erasure, objection request or any other request in exercise of the mentioned rights we may engage the individual in a dialogue so as to better understand the motivation for the request and to locate responsive information. In case this is impossible, we reserve the right to refuse granting your request. Please note that we will grant your request within 30 days after receiving it, but it may take us up to 90 days in some cases, for example for full erasure of your Personal Data stored in our backup systems - this is due to the size and complexity of the systems we use to store data.
Children's Privacy
General age limitation. We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The App is not intended for children and we do not intentionally collect information about children under 13 years old.The App does not collect Personal Data from any person the сompany actually knows is under the age of 13. If you are aware of anyone under 13 using the App, please contact us at support@everdance.app and we will take required steps to delete such information and (or) delete her account.Age limitation for EEA residents. Due to requirements of the GDPR you shall be at least 16 years old in order to use the App. To the extent prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow use of the App by the EEA residents younger than 16 years old. If you are aware of anyone younger than 16 using the App, please contact us at support@everdance.app.
The Security of Your Information
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you (including your personal information) from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We restrict access to personal information to Everdance employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so while Everdance strives to protect your information, Everdance cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you voluntarily give to Everdance. If we learn of a security system's breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Service or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
Links to Other Websites
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a "Third-party Service"). Any information that you provide on or to a Third-party Service or that is collected by a Third-party Service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the Third-party Service and is subject to that owner's or operator's privacy policy. We're not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any Third-party Service. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all Third-party Services that you access.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy should be addressed to:
Everdance Inc.
Address: 651 North Broad Street
Middletown
DE 19709
Tax ID: 86-3348546
support@everdance.app.