Privacy policy
Tranzy offers its customers and users a platform of mobile applications and web services that allow Users to plan and optimize public transport travel (“Service (s)”). This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about the collection, use, disclosure, storage and protection of your personal information when you use our Services.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing and using our services. By accessing or using our service, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms set forth herein, you may not access or use the Services. Please note: you are not required by law to provide us with personal information
.
1.
What information do we collect?
What is personal information?
Personal information is individual information about a person, ie information that identifies a person or allows the identification of a person or information about an identified or identifiable natural person that may be of a private nature. According to certain applicable laws, the identification of a person also includes any information that associates an individual with a permanent identifier, such as a name, an identification number, a cookie identifier, etc. Personal information does not include information that has been anonymized or aggregated so that it can no longer be used or to identify a particular individual.
What and when do we collect personal information?
We collect personal information from you and any devices (including mobile devices) that you use when you install or have the application installed (or pre-installed) on your device or when you use or access our Services. When you register on the Tranzy platform, when you search our Services, update or add information to your account or through correspondence with us, we receive that information, as well as your preferences and browsing habits.
Specifically, we collect and use the following categories and types of information:
Personal information that we automatically collect when you use our services
Information collected when installing the application
When you install the app (or if the app is installed or preinstalled) on your mobile device, Tranzy will set up a user account associated with that mobile device and create a user ID for you. This is a unique identifier generated by us under with this Privacy Policy, which is necessary to provide you with our services. After installing the app, we will collect and use your information, including user ID and certain device information, including device or other unique ID, ad ID, device type, operating system (including version and settings) , as well as the device screen resolution and keyboard language, all in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may relate this information to the account you created, connected to your mobile device, and your user ID.
Usage information
We receive information from you when you access and use our Services, as follows: your IP address, information about your clicks, Services and with ads that we may display on the platform, information about your traffic. to and from Tranzy, URLs, our communications with you, search history, information about your use of and interaction with our Services, including duration, in-app settings.
If you use our Services as a developer of an online product or service that connects your product or service online to Tranzy Services and you choose to open a developer account, Tranzy will provide and store the developer code and any traffic information to you. targeted by your online product or service.
Geographic location information
Tranzy automatically collects location / location information, such as your geo-location and route and travel information (for example, routes and travel times from one destination to another) to provide you with our services. When we use the app, we collect detailed locations, including GPS signals and other data sensors.
Please note that Tranzy collects your location data when you DO NOT USE the app to personalize services and to develop and improve our public transit services. YOU CAN CHOOSE TO DISABLE AND STOP THIS OPTION BY ACCESSING THE APPLICATION SETTINGS.
Tranzy uses this location information to provide you with the Service and to create a detailed history of your public transportation journey.
Cookies and similar technologies
We perform some of the automated collection described above through the use of cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies, which allow us to collect information about the pages and screens you view, the links, or the ads you make, and other actions you take when using our Services.
Please note that certain portions of the information mentioned above may also be collected from your device or software when the Services are running in the background, ie when they have been opened but are not actively used.
Please note that most mobile devices and operating systems allow you to control or disable the use of certain collectible information, including application location services, in the device settings menu.
Personal information you provide to us when you use our services
Generally, this category refers to any information, data or content that you actively, voluntarily and voluntarily create, upload or provide through our services.
Data on points of interest actively provided
You may choose to upload certain destinations and points of interest, such as your home address, business address, or other favorite destinations and points of interest, to personalize the Service.
Tranzy also collects information about the public transportation lines, stations and / or routes that you have saved or searched through the most used Services, routes and stations and public transport in order to provide the Service, improving the experience User and Personalization of the Service.
Additional content that you choose to share with us when you use our Services
You can choose to upload user content, such as images, text, reviews, and report gaps or errors in data and other types of content that you choose to actively provide. We also collect your responses to surveys that we may send on our behalf or on behalf of our partners.
2.
Who is the data holder of the information?
The Tranzy application is the data holder of the personal information collected in connection with the use of the Tranzy Services.
3. How do we use the information?
Legal basis for use – We collect, process and use your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, based on at least one of the following legal reasons:
When we comply with this Agreement: We collect and process your personal information to provide you with the Service, upon acceptance of these Terms. In order to maintain and deliver our Services to the User, we collect information about your location to provide you with the recommended means and routes of public transportation to your destination.
With your consent: We request your consent to process your information for other specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. For example, we ask for your consent to provide you with personalized content through the use of cookies.
Legitimate interests: we process your information for the interests of us and / or our third parties, while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. This means that we process your information for things such as detection, prevention or resolution in the event of fraud, abuse, security, usability, functionality or technical issues with our services; protection against harm to the rights, property or safety of our property, our users or the public, as required or permitted by law; for the development and improvement of our services; for the development of new functions for our users; to personalize the Service and provide a better user experience; for the application of legal claims, including the investigation of possible violations of this privacy policy; to comply with and / or fulfill our obligation in accordance with laws, regulations, guidelines, industry standards and contractual requirements, the legal process, the lawsuit or the governmental application, and our terms of service.
Purpose of use
We may use the information we collect about you for the following purposes:
For the provision and operation of the Service, including for aggregation, statistical and research purposes and the creation and use of aggregated anonymous data, which are all necessary to maintain, develop and improve Tranzy services, including to determine navigation, routes, to connect passengers and sometimes to calculate travel costs.
To allow travel tracking.
For information about transactions, payment processing for various functions, such as ticketing.
To personalize the Service and the content you provide, to communicate with users about their travels, including transportation recommendations based on their preferences.
To develop, improve and personalize the Service, the experience of other users and the offer available through the Service.
In order to be able to contact Users in order to provide them with technical assistance, manage requests and complaints and collect feedback about our performance of the Services and about the needs of public transport.
To send updates, notifications, announcements and additional information about the Service, such as changes to public transportation services.
In order to be able to answer the user’s online questions regarding the performance of the Services;
To customize and improve the accuracy and interface of the service.
To comply with the legal requirements or court orders of any government agency and / or with any applicable law, rule or regulation, such as reporting an abusive user or fulfilling tax regulatory obligations regarding promotions and requiring the use of user data, to create statistical data, aggregated or anonymous, which may be used at our discretion for any purpose.
4.Who do we share the information with?
We may only share your personal information with third parties (or allow them to access them) in the following cases:
Third party services
We perform some of the automated collection described above using cookies, web beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies, which allow us to collect information about the pages and screens you view, links, or ads you make, and other actions you take when using our Services. Such third party services may receive or have access to the personal information of our Users, depending on each of their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and improving our Services and business, and may use the information only for such purposes. Tranzy, as the owner of the information collected from its Users in connection with the use of the Services, remains responsible for any processing of personal information carried out by Third Party Services on its behalf, except for events beyond its reasonable control.
Tranzy may offer you the option to connect Tranzy to third-party services that may be useful to you, such as travel services. If Tranzy detects an integration may be available, Tranzy will ask for confirmation to connect the accounts. If you choose to connect your accounts, Tranzy will ask your permission to share data with the third party service. You should only agree to connect accounts if you are comfortable with the third-party service receiving the data provided at the time of connecting accounts, and Tranzy is not responsible for the use of the service by third parties. You may disconnect Tranzy and the third party service at any time, and Tranzy will stop sharing data with that service from the point of disconnection.
Government / law enforcement agencies and legal requests or obligations
We may disclose or otherwise allow access to your personal information in accordance with a legal request, such as a subpoena, search warrant or court order, or in accordance with applicable law, with or without notice to you. , if we have a legal obligation to do so or if the disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent or take action in relation to actual or suspected illegal activity, countering the requirements for verifying terrorist financing, fraud or other offenses.
Protecting rights and security
We may share your personal information with others, with or without notice to you, if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Tranzy, any of our Users or any member of the general public.
Tranzy subsidiaries and affiliates
We may share personal information with our family of companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, if Tranzy or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by merging, acquiring or substantially acquiring all of its assets, your personal information may be shared with the parties involved in such event.
For the avoidance of doubt, Tranzy may share your personal information with you in other ways, with your explicit consent. In addition, we may transfer, share or otherwise use anonymous, aggregate or impersonal information at our discretion and without the need for additional approval.
5. Where do we store user information?
User information will be stored, processed and stored by us and our authorized affiliates and service providers in Romania, a country that provides an adequate level of protection in accordance with European Commission Decision 2011/61 / EU of 31 January 2011 on mobile application platform management.
Although the data protection laws in the above jurisdictions may differ from the laws of your residence or location, please be aware that we, our affiliates, and our service providers who store or process your personal information on our behalf are required to do so. to keep them protected and secure in accordance with this privacy policy and industry standards, regardless of the legal requirements that may apply in their jurisdiction.
Therefore, by this document, you accept the storage and transfer of information, as described above.
6.Use of cookies and other tracking technologies
When you visit or interact with our Services or our authorized service providers, we may use cookies and other similar technologies to provide you with a better, faster and more secure experience for advertising and marketing purposes.
7.Security
We take great care to implement and maintain the security of the Tranzy Service and the personal information of its users. Tranzy uses industry standard procedures and policies to ensure the security of the personal information of its users and to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration of this information. Some of the protections we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
8.Messages from Tranzy
Messages about the Service
Tranzy may contact you with information about our Services or their use. For example, we may notify you (by any means at our disposal) of changes or updates to our Services, including changes to these Terms, transactions, payment issues, service maintenance, etc. You will not be able to block the receipt of such messages about the Service.
Promotional and survey messages
In addition to the messages that are an inherent part of our services, we may occasionally use your contact information to contact you and notify you of new services and special opportunities or promotions, if we believe they are useful to you. we may also contact you in connection with our surveys, conduct regarding our services or in connection with public transport issues, either on our behalf or on behalf of our partners. We may contact you by email,), push notifications, services or any other contact methods available, including through our third party services.
Accordingly, we will have the right to call or send you promotional content or messages via email, SMS, direct text messages, web chat, marketing calls and other similar forms of communication, with the prior written consent.
If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify Tranzy at any time by emailing us at support@tranzy.ro or following the “unsubscribe” or “stop” instructions contained in the promotional communications that you receive them. For messages that we send via push notifications, you can opt out of receiving such notifications by changing your application settings.
9.Rights regarding personal information
If you are an EU, EEA or Swiss person under the applicable law in your jurisdiction, you may contact us to exercise your right to access personal information, to request that we make corrections to your personal information that you have. stored in our application, to process or delete such personal information. For this, please send us an e-mail to support@tranzy.ro or send a request to the EU representative with a copy to Tranzy Romania and we will respond within a reasonable time and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
In certain circumstances, you may request a restriction on the processing of your data, in which case Tranzy will retain it only for the purpose of exercising or defending your claims.
We also remind you that, as a User, you may object to the processing of your data for promotional or advertising purposes at any time. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, in those cases where it is necessary for processing, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing on the basis of the consent before its withdrawal.
In order to exercise the rights regarding data protection or revocation of the given consent, the User can write us a message at the e-mail address support@tranzy.ro, indicating “Data protection” as reference.
The user can file a complaint with his or her national data protection authority if the user has a concern about our privacy practices, including how we handle personal information. In addition, the User can contact us by writing a message to the e-mail address
support@tranzy.ro
.
10.During what period we can store personal information
We will retain your personal information for as long as you maintain an account or, as necessary, to provide you with the Services. We will also retain your personal information, if necessary, to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to prevent fraud and abuse, to enforce our agreements and / or to protect our legitimate interests.
If we no longer need to process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or following your request to delete your personal information, we will delete or anonymize your personal information from our systems.
11.Minors
To use our services, you must be sixteen years of age (16). Therefore, we do not knowingly collect personal information from minors under the age of sixteen (16) and do not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of 16 (16) do not use the Services.
.
12.Contact & data protection
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Tranzy’s privacy practices, please contact us at office@tranzy.ro.
By contacting us, you confirm that you will not provide information that infringes on the rights of third parties, including any intellectual property rights. You also acknowledge that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, all rights, including intellectual property rights in this information provided, belong exclusively to Tranzy and we may use this information in our sole discretion.