PRIVACY
Please note, while our applications share information related to wellness and mental health, they do not purport to provide therapeutic, medical, or other professional advice or services. They are not intended to, and do not promise to, diagnose, treat, alleviate, or prevent any health or mental health conditions or illnesses. Users should not depend on information provided by our applications when making health or wellness decisions and should always consult with a healthcare professional for such advice.
Ownership and Usage of Data
The data you input into our applications remains your own. By using our products, you permit Pacific Games to perform certain operations on your data so we can provide our service. These operations include backing up your data, transmitting it over a network, indexing it for searching, and displaying it on your various devices. You maintain all rights to your data.
Data Protection
Your data in Pacific Games remains private by default. We do not aim to profit from your content. Your content is never sold or given to any third party for advertising purposes.
Data Storage and Security
Your private data is stored locally on your device and within Apple's end-to-end secure iCloud private database, which is inaccessible to Pacific Games LLC.
Deleting Your iCloud Data
You may delete all your iCloud data by manually deleting all entries on the app, or going to your device's Settings > iCloud > Manage Storage > Find Tappy > Tap "Delete Data..."
Biometric Locking
Users can enable Face or Touch ID for additional security on their Mood Journal Entries. This biometric data is secured and maintained by Apple on the device itself and is not accessible to us.
Learn more on how to set up Face ID locking on your device on Apple's website here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT208109
Learn more on how to set up Touch ID locking on your device on Apple's website here: https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201371
Third-Party Links and Applications
This Privacy Policy ceases to apply if a user follows a link outside of the Tappy application to any third-party applications or websites.
Legal Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. In compliance with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. Our applications are not designed to attract the attention of persons under the age of 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on our applications. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at cameron@tappyhealth.com.
Donations and In-App Purchases
We do not collect any data about the user when donating or purchasing. Apple handles the In-App purchase system therefore we do not collect any data.
Feedback/ Suggestions
Any feedback or suggestions ("Feedback") provided via forums, Google Forms, application reviewing, or other interactive features are given voluntarily, and we are free to use, sell, disclose, reproduce, license, or otherwise distribute the Feedback as we see fit, without obligation or restriction of any kind. Please note that we only accept Feedback from users who are 18 years old or older. By providing Feedback, you confirm that you are at least 18 years old.
Copyright Notice
© 2019-2024 Pacific Games LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
All rights are reserved for Pacific Games LLC. Our valuable trademarks include "Tappy: Self Care Fidgeter", "Journal With Tappy", and "Feelscape™".
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email: cameron@pacificgames.net​
Repped By
Robert Morrison, The New Gallery
info@mysite.com
www.mysite.com
123-456-7890
info@mysite.com
123-456-7890
@Elisbraxton
Direct