PRIVACY POLICY
We are all about respect.
TRIB3 limited and its group companies, TRIB3 International, (together “we” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with the Terms and Conditions of Use and any other documents we refer to in this Policy or the Terms and Conditions of Use) set out how we will use your personal information and whom it will be shared with. Please read the following carefully.
Any updates to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and your continued use of our TRIB3 website, app or facilities confirms your acceptance of any revisions. We recommend you checking our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use periodically to stay up to date with any revisions.
What information do we collect about you?
We may collect and process the following data about you (“your information”):
Information that you submit online via our website or app when you register and / or log in.
Any correspondence you email to use or send via another channel
Details of your visits to our site and the resources that you access
Traffic data and communication data
Heart rate metrics – dependent on whether you use our heart-rate monitoring technology as part of completing sessions with us
Purchase history
Workout history and booking information
Credit card information if you decide to link a card to your customer account.
How will we use your information?
We use your information in the following ways:
To ensure that our site’s content is presented as effectively as possible for you
For our internal purposes, such as quality control, reporting, site performance, system administration and to evaluate the use of our site so that we can provide you with enhanced services
To notify you about changes to our services
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you (provided of course that you agree)
To create reports to assist with future marketing and communications to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts with you (including processing your payment for credits and to reserve your place on TRIB3 classes when you have made a booking)
To enable you to participate in interactive features of our site or app, when you choose to do so.
We may monitor your use of our site and record your email address and/or IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical information about our users’ browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
We only retain your information for the period allowed and advised by law and reserve the right to request for your details to be removed from our operating system at any time.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” to collect the information referred to and track your use of our site. Cookies are small data files, which gather information about your use of our site and help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site.
Marketing
Providing your consent to receive marketing, we may use your information to provide you with marketing communications that you request or that we feel may be of interest to you. We will do this by SMS, email, push notifications / alerts or telephone depending on the communication preferences you share with us.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you by email and/or SMS with information about products and services, which are similar to those we previously provided to you, unless you have indicated that you do not want to hear from us.
If you are a new customer, we may contact you by telephone, email and / or SMS only if you consent.
If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please tick the relevant boxes on the form when we collect your information.
You may ask us at any time not to use your information for marketing purposes by
contacting us
.
Where Do We Transfer Your Information To?
We will not transfer your information to, or store it, outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
Who Do We Share Your Information With?
We may share your information with any companies in our group.
We may share your information with other organisations in the case of the following circumstances:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, (as we may share your data with the prospective seller or buyer).
If we or substantially all of our company assets are acquired by another party, in which case your information will be one of the transferred assets
If we have to share your information to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
If we have to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of use or any other agreements or to protect our rights, property or our customers etc.
This may involve exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We may also share your information with third parties who provide services to us.
Except as set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any other third parties.
How do we keep your information secure?
All your information is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. If you have a username, password or other login details, which enable you to access certain parts of our site, you must not allow any other person to use them and must treat them as confidential. If you believe or suspect that someone else knows your login details you must
contact us
as soon as possible. Please also see our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will apply our normal procedures and comply with legal requirements to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our site and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Our site may from time to time contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of those sites, please note that those sites ought to have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those sites or for their privacy policies. Please check those privacy policies before you submit your information to those sites.
Your rights
You have the right to access your information. You have the right to ask us not to process your information or pass your information to other companies or organisations for marketing purposes. You can tick the appropriate box on the forms when we collect your information or later at any time by contacting TRIB3 International Head Office or using the contact page.
For any privacy concerns you may also contact our Data Protection Officer using the e-mail:
DPO@trib3.co.uk
.
For UK residents, if you have a complaint about how we have used your information, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office.
How to contact us
Questions, comments or requests concerning this Privacy Policy are welcomed via the
contact page
or in writing to our Head Office Team:
TRIB3 International Head Office, WeWork, No.1 Spinningfields, Quay Street, Manchester, M3 3JE