Privacy policy
Introduction
1.1 Thank you for visiting the
http://www.nandos.co.bw
website (the "Website"). Nando’s Botswana is registered as Abdulla Khan Botswana Holdings (Pty) Ltd, (“Nando’s”, "we", "us" or "our") and is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
1.2 This Privacy Policy, together with our Website terms and conditions available at
https://www.nandos.co.bw/terms-of-service
, sets out the basis on which any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be used, stored and processed by us ("Collect"). Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data (as defined below) and how we will treat it.
1.3 In adopting this Privacy Policy, we wish to balance our legitimate business interests and your reasonable expectation of privacy. Accordingly, we will take reasonable steps to prevent unauthorised access to, or disclosure of your Personal Data. However, we do not guarantee that your Personal Data shall be 100% secure.
1.4 By continuing to use the Website and/or Online Ordering, you agree to the terms and conditions set out in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we may Collect Personal Data for the purposes of providing you with access to our Website and for any of the purposes listed in clause 3 below.
What types of Personal Data do we Collect?
2.1 The types of Personal Data that we may Collect includes information necessary for our legitimate business interests  and to provide you with a service, including but not limited to, fulfilling an order; answering a query; entering a competition. This may include identifiable personal information, that you would provide to us, such as (amongst other things) your first and last name, screen name, email address, postal address, physical address, telephone number, date of birth, details about your telephone device (e.g. mobile phone) and your telephone service provider and information related to providing products and services ("Personal Data").
2.2 We may also Collect other information, including your interests, preferences, purchasing behaviour, transactional information, geographical location and demographics (e.g., age, gender, and income information). We may, on occasion, combine Personal Data we receive online with other records (such as those from telephone and direct purchases) to develop a customer profile relating to you.
2.3 We will attempt to limit the types of Personal Data we Collect to only that to which you consent (for example, in the context of online registration, competitions, message boards, surveys, polls, games, SMS, MMS and other mobile services).
2.4 When you visit our Website, our web server also automatically records your IP address, the website from which you visit us, the pages on our sites you visit and in what sequence, and the date and length of your visit. This information is aggregate and anonymous data and does not identify you specifically. However, you acknowledge that this data may be able to be used to identify you if it is aggregated with other Personal Data that you supply to us.
2.5 Nando’s will not collect, use or disclose sensitive information (such as information about racial or ethnic origins or political or religious beliefs) except with your specific consent or in the circumstances permitted by law.
2.6 You may choose to provide your credit card information to make a purchase via the Website, where allowed. In such cases,  the credit card information is provided directly to a third party, a secure payment gateway, in order to process payment. Nando’s will not save or use your credit card information for any purpose. Nando’s will use its best endeavours to ensure that the payment gateway partners chosen use the best industry standard security to store all credit card information.
How does Nando’s use your Personal Data?
3.1 We may use your Personal Data to:
3.1.1 provide services or products you request (e.g. prepare and deliver an order to you; enter you in a competition; send you by email or other electronic means our newsletter or other products or services in which you express an interest);
3.1.2 allow you to participate in recreational activities on the Website (e.g. participate in our message boards), to organise or carry out promotional activities, games or promotional events;
3.1.3 inform you of changes made to our Website;
3.1.4 inform you of products, services, promotions, offers and competitions which you may find interesting, subject to clause 6 below;
3.1.5 respond to any queries you may have;
3.1.6 develop a more direct relationship with you for the purposes described in this section;
3.1.7 develop an online customer profile;
3.1.8 understand general customer trends and patterns so we can develop and support existing and ongoing marketing strategies for our products and services; and
3.1.9 for security, administrative and legal purposes.
3.2 Where you choose to receive mobile services and content via SMS, MMS and other mobile services, we use this information to deliver such mobile services and content to you, to carry out market research, to track sales data and to plan other promotional activities which may be of interest to you.
What is Nando’s Cookies Policy?
4.1 We want your experience with Nando’s to be simple and easy. To ensure that you can make full use of our online services, your computer, tablet or mobile device will need to enable cookies. If cookies aren't enabled on your device, it may limit your experience on our website and will mean that we will not be able to recognise you or remember your settings and preferences. Data protection is of upmost importance to us at Nando’s, so our cookies simply aim to make it easier for you, whilst allowing us to ensure that we can personalise your experience.
4.2 What are Cookies and why do we use them?
4.2.1 Cookies allow us to recognise you as a unique customer to Nando’s and provide us with information about how you use our website. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your device in any way, in fact they can make your experience even better.
4.3 What categories of cookies do we use?
4.3.1Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies, services like enabling appropriate content based on your type of device cannot be provided.
4.3.2 Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the website work.
4.3.3 Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
4.3.4 Targeting/Advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. For example, we use third party companies such as Google to provide you with more personalised adverts when visiting other websites.
4.4 You may set your browser to block all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set, although our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. To find out how to control or disable cookies within most browsers, consult the "Help" section of your browser or device or visit
www.allaboutcookies.org
.
4.5. We use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with our sites and apps. This means that when you visit our website or use our mobile applications your browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes, for example, the web address of the page that you're visiting and your IP address. You will find the details of how the Google technology collects and processes data following this link
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
4.5.1 If you don’t want the Google Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on visit
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
What about Personal Data that is publicly available?
5.1 If at any time our Website offers any chat rooms, message boards, blogs, newsgroups or forums, etc., we Collect the information that you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that we are not responsible for other parties' use of the Personal Data which you make available to such third parties through any chat room, message board, blog, newsgroup or forums, etc. on our Website.
Will my Personal Data be used for marketing purposes?
6.1 If we obtain your prior consent, we may use your Personal Data for the purposes of:
6.1.1 direct marketing of our own products and services and on behalf of other companies within Nando’s; and
6.1.2 direct marketing of products and services on behalf of selected third parties, if you have agreed to your details being passed onto third parties.
6.2 You are entitled to request that we desist from using your Personal Data for the purposes of direct marketing, and we will provide you with the necessary functionality for you to do so with ease, each time we market to you.
What security measures are in place to protect my Personal Data?
7.1 Although absolute security cannot be guaranteed on the Internet, we have in place up-to-date, reasonable technical and organisational security measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, misuse, destruction or against unauthorised disclosure or access to the information we Collect online.
7.2 While we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you provide us, we will continue to maintain and improve these security measures over time in line with legal and technological developments.
How will Nando’s store my Personal Data?
8.1 We store your Personal Data. We may also or alternatively store your Personal Data on and transfer your Personal Data to a central database located in Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). If the location of the central database is located in a country that does not have substantially similar laws which provide for the protection of personal data, we will take the necessary steps to ensure that your Personal Data is adequately protected in that jurisdiction.
8.2 Your information will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Will my Personal Data be shared with anyone else?
9.1 Nando’s entities: We may share your Personal Data with other entities within Nando’s (including those based overseas) that have agreed to be bound by this Privacy Policy. It is possible that we, or one of our divisions or affiliates, could merge with, be sold to or be acquired by a third party. To the extent legally permissible and in accordance with the conditions of this Privacy Policy, we may share your Personal Data with any successor entity.
9.2 Third parties: We may disclose Personal Data about you to other third parties to comply with applicable laws and regulations. We also reserve the right to disclose such Personal Data to third parties where a complaint arises concerning your use of our Website and where we believe, in our sole discretion, that your use of our Website is inconsistent with the Privacy Policy. We also share information about users of this Website in an anonymous or aggregate form with third parties including advertisers and business partners, to understand customer trends and patterns and manage and improve our business relationships. We provide your Personal Data to third party processors to administer and process for the purposes notified to you in this Privacy Policy, and we may also share such details with third parties (such as auditors or legal advisors) to obtain professional advice. Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by law, preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights.
9.3 Overseas recipients: Nando’s may share Personal Data with entities that are based overseas (“Overseas Recipients”). Nando’s cannot guarantee that any such Overseas Recipients will comply fully with the Nando's privacy principles in relation to your Personal Data. Notwithstanding the aforegoing, Nando’s undertakes to take all reasonable steps to ensure that any such Overseas Recipients are bound by terms and conditions substantially similar to those contained in this Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the Website, you acknowledge and consent in respect of the aforementioned transfer of your Personal Data to any such Overseas Recipients on these terms as permitted by the Nando's privacy principles and agree not to hold Nando’s liable in this regard.
9.4 Links, advertisers, third party sponsors & ad-servers: Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not covered by this Privacy Policy and where information practices may be different from ours. Users should consult the other sites' privacy policies on such third party sites before submitting any Personal Data, as we are not responsible for and have no control over Personal Data that is submitted to, or collected by, these third-party sites. On this Website, we sometimes offer content or programmes that are sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties (e.g. competitions or promotions). These third parties can obtain Personal Data that you voluntarily submit to them to make use of the offer. We are not responsible for the collection and use of your Personal Data by these third parties. However, you will be informed, at the point of collection of such personally identifiable information, if these third parties will obtain such information, how it will be processed and to whom it will be transferred. On our Website, third parties may present or serve advertisements, provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies. The use of these technologies by such third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
How can I find out what Personal Data Nando’s holds about me?
10.1 To see the Personal Data we have collected through this Website that relates to you, to cancel it and/or to correct or update this Personal Data, please email us at
customercare@nandos.co.bw
. In addition, we will always give you the opportunity to update your preferences regarding our use of your Personal Data.
10.2 To protect your privacy and security we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access. If you have any additional questions about Personal Data we hold about you, please contact us at or visit
http://www.nandos.co.bw/contact-us
.
Use of the Website by children
11.1 This Website is accessible to children under the age of 18.
11.2 We require children to consult with their parents before providing Personal Data. We also encourage parents to supervise their children's online activities by, for example, adopting parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address, and other Personal Data without parental permission.
11.3 We encourage parents to talk to their children about the use of the Internet and information they disclose to websites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
12.1 From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect company initiatives, changes in the law or technology or changes in our practices regarding the collection and use of Personal Data. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted on this Website so that you are always informed of the latest version.
12.2 We will not use or disclose Personal Data provided to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy in ways other than the ones described above, without informing you and providing you with the opportunity to consent to such modified conditions concerning the use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
Governing law
13.1 The contents of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Botswana
13.2 If any provision of this Privacy Policy is judged to be illegal, void or unenforceable due to applicable law or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction it shall be deemed deleted and the continuation in full force and effect of the remainder of the provisions will not be prejudiced unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the substantive purpose of this Privacy Policy is then frustrated, in which case you may contact Nando’s at the address in clause 15 below in order to opt-out of the Privacy Policy.
How can I contact Nando’s?
14.1 If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact us at
customercare@nandos.co.bw
. Any complaints regarding the treatment of Personal Data should also be directed to the above.
Hey
Home
Order
Profile
Eat
Menu
Find a Nando's
Products
Recipes
Explore
Our Brand Story
The Story of PERi-PERi
Arts
Talk To Nandos
Work
Careers
About Us
Why Nando's
Contact Us
Log In
Log Out
This browser version has no sauce. Pleas
upsize
...
Cookies might not be on our menu, but they are a great way for us to give you a fired up experience on our online services. Click Accept to agree to us using them.
Accept
Find out more
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps