Home
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
StaySafe VPN ("we", "our") respects your privacy. We will only collect information through our mobile app in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to the information collected at StaySafe VPN.
We commit to maintaining our users privacy and security, with services held to the highest standards of the industry.
We do not keep any personal records or information that may identify its users, nor do we share any of that information.
All data that travels through our network is appropriately encrypted and discarded after you terminate the connection, that was previously established with our servers. We never log, monitor or share any information about our users activity.
We do not store
IP address used to visit our website
IP address used upon entrance on our network
Records of visited websites
Records of downloads performed
Records of uploads performed
Personal data such as emaill address or credit card information
We do store
The only information we store, is the app specific device ID, and a timestamp of when a user connects to our servers.
                              The device ID is a unique identifier generated by Apple/Google, attributed to each user within the app. This ID is not shared between other apps, and cannot be used to identify the user outside of the app.
                              The timestamp of each connection is disposed of, at a maximum, 24 hours after the user establishes the connection.
Why do we store any data?
We only collect the data mentioned above, and it is only stored temporarily.
This data is used to enforce free tier limitations, prevent abuse and weed out inactive accounts.
It is also used for statistic purposes, so that we can continue to improve our service.
Users in the European Union
To keep in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union (EU), all data collected mentioned in this Privacy Policy, is with the objetive of:
• Providing users with the service they have requested;
• Improving the quality and stability of our service;
• Ensuring no free tier services are abused;
• Providing personalized customer support.
• The data that is collected is stored in safe servers, located inside de the EU.
The user can exercise his rights under the GDPR to access, transfer, correct, delete, or object to the processing of any information collected by contacting us at support@staysafe-vpn.com.
We DO NOT Disclose Information to Third Parties
We don't share information of any type with third parties.
All metrics and statistics regarding user activity are collected in-house and never shared.
As mentioned above, they are collected with the mindset of improving the quality of the service provided.