Our Privacy Policy
Term of Service
Introduction to Our Terms of Service Welcome and thank you for choosing to use our Services and Apps. These Terms of Service (“Terms”), along with our Privacy Policy and Refund Policy, form a legally binding agreement between you (either an individual or an entity) and us regarding your use of our Services and Apps. By…
by
mustafatvapp
April 4, 2024
Privacy Policy
we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to all your use of the Eijoy Entertainment applications, the related services we provide. By using any Application and the Services,…
by
mustafatvapp
January 14, 2020
January 14, 2020
Follow My Blog
Get new content delivered directly to your inbox.
Type your email…
Subscribe
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://tvremoteapp.art.blog/2020/01/14/example-post/:
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
we recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to all your use of the Eijoy Entertainment applications, the related services we provide. By using any Application and the Services, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. So we hope you will take a time to read it carefully.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not collect personally identifiable information about you. In other words, we do not collect information such as your name, address, phone number, email address or precise geographic location. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
USAGE ANALYTICS
We would like to make out products more useful for you, so we collect user behavior information in an anonymous form. That means only usage data is collected, no personally identifiable information. We use anonymous usage data to analyze how our App use. For example, a percentage of users that use certain features, or most popular Android versions and screen sizes among our users. We use these reports to understand how to spend our development resources more efficiently and make our App better. .
~ COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ~
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.
~ USE OF PERSONAL DATA ~
Product Improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities.
~ SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA ~
To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
~ LGGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING ~
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
~ International Transfers of Personal Data ~
Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center.
~ Your Right ~
Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data. Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. Requests should be submitted by contacting us through [ labizuo@gmail.com ]. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law. We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.
ADVERTISING
We use ads to keep our apps free for you. All ads in our App served by Google’s AdMob network. AdMob may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize advertising in our App and in other sites and apps. To do that AdMob using unique user-resettable Advertising ID, provided by Google Play services. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. To learn more about AdMob privacy policies and opt-out choices check out
Google’s privacy policy.
APP PERMISSION WE MAY USE
~ Read phone status and identity ~
We use this permission to verify the user/phone with IMEI information but we will not store it. This information is using for analysis and provide you better service.
~ Take pictures and videos ~
We use this permission to use your device’s camera to take photos / videos and turn ON/OFF Camera Flash. We do not save or upload your photos/videos.
~ Location ~
We use this permission to identify and display your location on map. This information is untraceable. It will help us better understand how you access and use our services, for the purposes of trying to improve our services and to respond to customer desires and preferences, including language and location customization, personalized help and instructions, all data are anonymous.
~ Read your contacts ~
We do not save or upload your contacts. Permission to access contact information is used to display call log for you and identify who is calling you.
~ Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage ~
We use this permission to delete app data (image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card. We do not delete your personal data without your permission.
~ Read the contents of your USB storage ~
We use this permission to view app data (image, text, audio etc..) stored on their SD card.
~ Find accounts on the devices ~
We do not recognize or save your account information for any programs. We only detects whether users have a Google account linked with the device which helps us confirm the state of Google Service and provide users with appropriate application download and update methods.
~ Read Google service configuration ~
This information is used to acquire advertising ID. We provide users with better advertising service by using such anonymous ID.
~ Change network connectivity ~
We use this permission to change/check network connectivity.
~ Connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi ~
We use this permission to connect and disconnect from Wi-Fi.
~ Full network access ~
This permission is used to access the device’s network for certain functions.
~ View network connections ~
We use this permission to view network connections.
~ View Wi-Fi connections ~
We use this permission to view Wi-Fi connections.
~ Draw over other apps ~
We use this permission to displayed a view as a floating window on other apps which need your permission.
~ Modify system settings ~
We use this permission to adjust ringtone, vibration and brightness level of the screen.
~ Photos⁄Media⁄Files ~
If we need to read these data, we will inform you and get your authorization. We do not upload or save your personal data.
~ Error Log ~
We use this permission to find out the reason that the error occurred or app crashed and improve the quality of the product;
Like
Loading...
Related
Post navigation
Next Post
Next post:
Term of Service
Leave a comment
Cancel reply
Δ
Comment
Reblog
Subscribe
Subscribed
Smart TV Remote Privacy Policy
Sign me up
Already have a WordPress.com account?
Log in now.
Privacy
Smart TV Remote Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Subscribed
Sign up
Log in
Copy shortlink
Report this content
View post in Reader
Manage subscriptions
Collapse this bar
%d
Design a site like this with WordPress.com
Get started