IEC Global PTY LTD
Privacy Policy
IEC Global PTY LTD and its subsidiaries and its affiliates (“Company”, “IEC
      Games”, “we” or “ IEC Global PTY LTD”) respect the privacy of the users of their mobile applications (“User” or
      “you”) and are committed to protect the User’s information. This Privacy Policy explains the types of information
      we collect, and how we collect, use, disclose, share and protect your information.  We recognize the
      importance of protecting the information collected about you. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy
      practices.
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding our privacy statement
      or policies, please iecglobal.au@gmail.com.
BY INSTALLING THE APPS ON YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, ENTERING INTO, CONNECTING TO,
      ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE APPS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING
      TO THE POSSIBLE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE USE OF
      COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ON YOUR DEVICE. PLEASE NOTE: IF YOU OR, AS APPLICABLE, YOUR LEGAL
      GUARDIAN, DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT INSTALL, ACCESS AND/OR USE THE APPS AND YOU ARE
      REQUESTED TO PROMPTLY ERASE THEM, AND ANY PART THEREOF, FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE.
If you are under the age of eighteen (18) you hereby represent that your legal
      guardian has reviewed and agreed to this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of your personal information and may sell it to
      third parties: identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network activity information,
      geolocation data, and inferences drawn from these categories.
We may collect through the Services both personal information that identifies you
      and can be used to contact you, and non-personal information, which is data in a form that does not allow direct
      association with you, which may include technical information, including the IP address through which you are
      accessing the Services and the unique mobile device ID or virtual unique device identifier for any mobile device
      you may be using.
Personal Information
Personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, e-mail address,
      date of birth, and any personal photo or image representation. We will collect, use and disclose personal
      information only as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that some non-personal information would be
      considered a part of your personal information if it were combined with other information in a way that enables
      you to be identified, but the same information is considered non-personal information when taken alone or combined
      only with other non-personal information.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. We
      collect non-personal information about your use of IEC Games and includes aggregated information regarding usage
      of the Apps. The non-personal information collected may include information related to your mobile device or
      computer system, including mobile device type, IP address, unique mobile device ID or other device identifiers,
      Media Access Control (MAC) address, telephone number of mobile device, country of registration. It may also
      include browser type, language, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, time spent, information
      searched for, time and date stamp, clickstream data, feature usage, game play statistics, scores and achievements,
      user rankings, time spent playing our games, and other statistics.
How We Use Your Information
Generally, we use your information to provide you with an efficient and customized
      experience. For example, we may use information in the following ways:
To send important notices, such as communications
        about your purchases and changes to this Privacy Policy;
To inform you about new IEC Games products and promote
        IEC Games products;
To send "push" notifications to your mobile device
        regarding IEC Games that you have been playing (for example, suggesting that you open the IEC Games to take
        certain actions);
To provide in-game information regarding player
        achievements, such as leaderboards;
To provide technical support and respond to inquiries
        from you;
To prevent fraud and potentially illegal
        activities;
To help us to develop, deliver and improve the
        Apps;
For market research purposes that support our efforts
        to deliver a more valuable service to our community of IEC Games users;
To deliver and target advertising from third
        parties;
To gather demographic information about IEC Games
        users in order to more effectively manage the Apps and provide targeted advertising; and
To track clicks or other ad fulfillment
        metrics.
If we send e-mail or SMS messages to you for the purpose of promoting IEC Games
      products or services, or those of a third-party partner, we will generally provide you with choices about
      receiving further such promotional messages. Preferences for "push" notifications may in most cases be adjusted
      through IEC Games or your mobile device.
Interaction with Game Center or Other 3rd Party Game Services
By registering with your Game Center on your device (“Game Center”), you allow IEC
      Global PTY LTD to access certain information from your profile for that Game Center. The information you allow us
      to access is affected by the privacy settings you and your friends establish at the Game Center. You can control
      and find out more about these settings directly from the Game Center. For example, we may access and store some or
      all of the following information, as allowed by you, the Game Center and your preferences:
Your first and last name;
Your Game Center ID;
The URL of your Game Center profile;
Your user ID number, which is linked to publicly
        available information such as name and profile photo
The user ID numbers and other public data for your
        friends;
The login e-mail you provided to that Game Center when
        you registered; and
Your gender.
By connecting any IEC Games’ Product to a Game Center, you consent to our access,
      use and storage in accordance with this Privacy Policy of any and all of the information that you agreed the Game
      Center could provide to IEC Global PTY LTD. You may be able to specify what information is provided by the Game
      Center to us by using the privacy settings in your Game Center profile information.
Other
We may offer you the opportunity to provide us with your e-mail address so that we
      may register you to receive premium support or provide you with special offers from IEC Global PTY LTD our partner
      companies.
IEC Global PTY LTD may provide you the opportunity to participate in include
      sweepstakes or contests ("Promotions"). If you choose to participate in a Promotion, we may request that you
      provide us with personal information such as your e-mail address or mailing address.
If you request support relating to a IEC Global PTY LTD’s product, we may request
      personal information such as your name and e-mail address and your user name for any SNS's, if that appears
      necessary to resolving the problem.
We may also request or receive personal information in other interactions you may
      have with IEC Global PTY LTD.
Cookies and Other Technologies
A cookie is a small string of text that we, or service providers acting on our
      behalf, send to your computer's or mobile device's browser. Other types of cookies exist, but the cookies in the
      Apps are only used to obtain browser or device-specific information.
Some cookies are necessary to enable a game to function properly and to allow your
      gameplay experience to continue from one session another. Other cookies can show, for instance, which parts of IEC
      Games are the most popular, how much time users are spending there, and how they are interacting with the
      content.
You may have the option to disable cookies by changing the options in your browser
      to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the pages you visit. Additionally, you
      can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's
      settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
Please note that third parties delivering advertisements through the Services may
      also use cookies or other technologies. Their placement and use of cookies and other technologies will be subject
      to their own privacy policies and terms and conditions.
How We Share Your Information
With Third-Party Advertising Entities
We accept advertisements from Third Parties ad networks which may be displayed in
      our Apps. We may share certain information with third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad platforms
      ("Advertising Entities") to develop and deliver targeted advertising in the Apps. We may also allow Advertising
      Entities to collect non-personal information within the Services which they may share with us, including your
      device identifier, device type, device brand, device model, OS type/version, network type, device language, device
      locale, and IP address. Advertising Entities may also collect non-personal information related to the performance
      of the advertisements, such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and
      any click-throughs of an advertisement. Advertising Entities may collect this information through the use of
      tracking technologies like browser cookies and web beacons.
With Other Service Providers
To help administer the Apps, we may use third-party service providers. These
      service providers will have access to your information only to perform the services they have been engaged to
      perform for us, and they have agreed not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Under Special Circumstances
We may disclose information about you to law enforcement officials or private
      parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process
      (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of IEC Global PTY LTD or a third
      party, to protect the safety of any person or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be illegal or
      unethical.
In connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in
      the event of bankruptcy, we may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of IEC Global PTY LTD assets,
      including your personal information.
Links to Third-Party Websites and Services
The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including
      third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services,
      please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and
      conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or
      services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse
      them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information.
Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we
      encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree
      that IEC Global PTY LTD will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that
      you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.
Deletion, Modification and Retention of Personal Information
If for any reason you wish to delete or modify your Personal Information, please
      send us an e-mail to: iecglobal.au@gmail.com with adequate details of your request and we will make reasonable
      efforts to modify or delete any such Personal Information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws. Note that
      unless you instruct us, otherwise we may retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably required for
      the purposes for which such Personal Information was collected, including without limitation, for future analytics
      and analysis, in order to comply with our legal or business requirements or obligations and to resolve disputes or
      to enforce our Terms, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.
      Non-personal Information including aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the Site may
      remain on our servers indefinitely.
Non-US Users
Information that you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the
      world as described in this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the United States, you understand that we
      may transfer personal information to and process it in the United States. If you are located in the European
      Union, you freely consent to the transfer of personal information outside of the European Union. Your consent to
      this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of personal information represents your agreement to these
      transfers.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
      If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. IEC Global PTY
      LTD to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
      If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our
      systems, please contact us via: iecglobal.au@gmail.com

      In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
      - The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is
      inaccurate or incomplete.
      - The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
      - The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal
      information.
      - The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where IEC Global PTY
      LTD relied on your consent to process your personal information.
      ​
      Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident and IEC Games’ user, you are entitled to request
      certain information regarding our disclosure of certain "personal information" (as defined in California Civil
      Code Section 1798.83) to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and
      have provided us with personal information within the last year, you may make such a request by emailing us at
      iecglobal.au@gmail.com and typing the following in the subject line of the e-mail: "California Privacy
      Rights".
Within 30 days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the
      categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes
      during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. A
      request may be made no more than once per calendar year and we are not required to respond to requests made by
      means other than through the e-mail address above.
Individual Rights
We provide you with the rights described below when you use our Services. Please
      contact us at iecglobal.au@gmail.com if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable law. When we
      receive an individual rights request from you, please make sure you are ready to verify your identity. Please be
      advised that there are limitations to your individual rights. We may limit your individual rights in the following
      ways:
Where denial of access is required or authorized by
        law;
When granting access would have a negative impact on
        other's privacy;
To protect our rights and properties; and
Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
Right to withdraw consent.
If we rely on consent to process your
      personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not
      affect the lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties based on consent before your
      withdrawal.For all data processing activities that rely on users’ consent, you can withdraw your consent at any
      time from the “settings” page in our various applications. Please only note that in the case where you withdraw
      your consent or where you refuse to consent in the first place, you will still be served with advertising but that
      may be less relevant to you as it will not be tailored to your interests.
Contact us with any questions:
Email:
iecglobal.au@gmail.com