Privacy Policy
Easy Stickers' policy is to respect privacy and online freedom, and we know how to manage and protect your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us.
1. What personal information do we collect?
Our main purpose is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience. We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you, including the following categories of information:
1) Information collected by our third-party advertising partners
We may work with third-party advertising partners to provide you with personalized ads.
Our partners may collect hardware and software information such as IP address, device ID and type, and advertising ID (such as Google's AAID).
2) Does not collect any personal information about you
We do not collect any personal information through the application. Personal information includes your name and physical address. But in order to use some of the features of the application, you can voluntarily grant us access to your camera or album to get photos on your mobile device. We may also use your facial data (for example, your eyes, nose, mouth, ears, etc.) and scan some of your data to implement certain features of our application. But we do not store any data about your face.
3) Collection of non-personal information
We collect non-personal information. "Non-personal information" means information that cannot identify you or any other individual, including session and usage data, log data, and summary information.
2. Protecting certain personally identifiable information
Easy Stickers only discloses possible personally identifiable and personally identifiable information and mobile platforms to employees who (i) process on behalf of Easy Stickers or provide information about services available on the Easy Stickers website, and (ii) agree not to disclose the platform to others. By using the Easy Stickers service, you agree to transfer such information to them. Zh
Easy Stickers will never rent or sell information that may have personal identity and personal identity to anyone. Zh
In addition, if Easy Stickers sells all or part of its business, or sells or transfers part of all or important assets, or otherwise participates in the merger or transfer of all or important businesses, Easy Stickers may, as part of the transaction, place Your personally identifiable information is transferred to one or more parties involved in the transaction. Zh
3. How we use information
The main reason we use your information is to provide and improve our services. In addition, we use your information to help you stay safe and communicate with you. Read on to learn more about the various reasons we use your information and practical examples.
(1) Improve our services and develop new services
Research and analyze user behavior to improve our services and content (for example, we may decide to change appearance or even substantially modify a given feature based on user behavior). The software may record information such as how often you use the service, what happens in the service, aggregate usage, performance data, application errors and debugging information, and where to download the application. We do not link information stored in analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit in the mobile app.
Developing new features and services (for example, we may decide to further build new features based on user requests or feedback).
(2) Prevent, detect and combat fraud or other illegal or unauthorized activities
Data analysis to better understand and design countermeasures for these activities
Keep data related to fraudulent activities to prevent recurrence
(3) Ensuring legal compliance
Meet legal requirements
Assist law enforcement
Exercise or exercise our rights, such as our terms of use
4. How do we share information
Our goal is to provide you with the best service. Read on for more details on how to share your information.
We will not share any personal information we collect from you except for the following events:
Where required by law, we may disclose your information where reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with legal procedures, such as court orders, subpoenas or search warrants, government / enforcement investigations or other legal requirements; (ii) with Efforts to investigate, prevent or take other actions against illegal activities, suspicious fraud or other misconduct; (iii) protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, users, employees or others.
5. Security
Easy Stickers does not store any personally identifiable information
Easy Stickers transmits potential personally identifiable information to its advertising and analytics partners through the corresponding SDK. Zh
When we do this, Easy Stickers and its partners use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to protect potential personally identifiable information in their possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modify.
6. How do we protect your information?
We strive to protect you from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. Like all technology companies, although we have taken steps to protect your information, we do not guarantee (and should not expect) that your personal information will always be secure.
We regularly monitor vulnerabilities and attacks in the system and regularly review our information collection, storage, and processing practices to update our physical, technical, and organizational security measures.
If we suspect or discover any breach of security, we may suspend your use of all or part of the services without notice. If you believe your information is no longer secure, please contact us by email at the end of this privacy policy.
7. Changes in Privacy Policy
Because we are always looking for new and innovative ways to provide better services, this policy may change over time. We will notify you before any major changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes.
8. How to contact us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: qijitecop13@sina.com.