Privacy Policy
EVLONSOFT does everything in its power to respect the
privacy of users of the application it manages and operates
(hereinafter: "the Application"). The terms of the Privacy
Policy detailed below form an integral part of the Application's
Terms of Use. All definitions and terms appearing in the Privacy
Policy shall have the same meaning ascribed to them under the Terms
of Use, unless context demands otherwise.
The way EVLONSOFT uses information provided by the
Application users or information it collects when such users use the
Application, and the policy it implements, are explained below:
1. Using our Services
Some of the services on
this Application may require payment. In those cases, as part of the
payment, you will be required from the acquiring companies to provide
personal information, such as your first and last name, address,
birth date, gender, language, professional background, and ways of
contacting you, your email address, or your credit card details. The
mandatory fields will be clearly marked. As the acquiring companies
requests only that information required for the services for which
you have purchased, you may be requested to add and provide further
details for some services, which are required due to the nature of
the service. Without providing the data requested in the mandatory
fields you will not be able to use the services requiring
payment.
2. Use of the Information
When you use the
Application, information on your behavior, the services you have
purchased or sold, information you have read in the Application,
pages you viewed, offers and services you were interested in, the
type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID,
your mobile operating system, and information about the way you use
the Application etc, may be collected. Evlonsoft may keep the
information in its databases (but shall not keep information
regarding means of payment or advertisements you have read).
3. Collection of Information
This application
may collect certain information from you (e.g. average time of use,
number of sessions). Angler's App provides and warrants that the
collection of any and all of this information is for statistical
purposes only, and will not be sold to any third-party.
4. Third-Party Services
Some of the services
on the Application may be managed by Angler's App's commercial
partners. These services are provided using those partners'
computers, rather than Angler's App's applications. When using these
services, some of your device's details, personal details, or
information about you may be collected. The use of this information
is subject to those service administrators' privacy policies.
5. Third-Party Advertisements
If any
advertisements are shown in the Application, then they are received
from the computers of those companies. For the purpose of managing
advertisements, these companies may use device identifiers, such as
IDFA or Advertising ID. The information collected is not used to
personally identify you, but is only intended to customize the
advertisements you are shown in accordance with your fields of
interest. The policies and procedures described here do not apply to
Third-Party Services. If you wish to review the privacy policies of
companies advertising on the Application, you can do this through
their websites or applications directly.
6. Data Security
While Evlonsoft procures
systems and procedures in order to reduce the risk of unauthorized
access to Evlonsoft's computers, these systems and procedures do not
ensure absolute security. Therefore, Evlonsoft does not guarantee
that Application services will be completely immune to unauthorized
access to the information on the Application.
7. Revisions
From time to time we may update
these Privacy Policy to take account of changes in the law or for any
other reason. If we update these Privacy Policy, we will post a new
version on the Application, and as soon as you use the Application
after they are posted, you will be deemed to have agreed to the
updated version, but you will still be bound by the terms of any
previous versions to which you have agreed or been deemed to agree.
If there is a conflict between two versions of the Privacy Policy to
which you have agreed or been deemed to agree, the more recent
version shall take precedence unless it is expressly stated
otherwise.