HotVPN
Privacy Policy
When using HotVPN, we have no idea about your traffic data such as browsing history, traffic destination, data content, and search preferences. These are NOT monitored, recorded, logged or stored by us.
      
      More than this, when using the HotVPN, we do NOT have any access to the credit card information you submitted to our payment processor and we DO NOT connect your payment or information with any kind of online activity done by you inside the HotVPN tunnel.
      
      We provide a service that protects privacy. We take your data very seriously and we put a lot of effort into ensuring safe storage and protection of your data. We believe you should always know what data we collect and how we use it. This document (Privacy Policy) defines and informs you of any and all of the instances in which your data and information is collected and used.
      
      What does this policy cover?
      This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy") sets forth the privacy practices of Marketing66 LTD. (hereinafter called "Marketing66" or "Company") and applies to users ("user(s)" or "you") of the VPN Software currently known as "HotVPN" ("HotVPN") available through the service's website at: hotvpn.io ("Website") for the desktop application and the mobile applications (“App”).
      
      If you are residing in the US the following terms apply: Privacy Policy
      
      This Policy applies to all Services that we offer via our entire suite of apps, and also applies to the Website as well as your use of HotVPN ("Services"). This Policy does not apply to any website, product or service of any third-party company even if the website links to (or from) our Website. Please always review the privacy practices of any third-party company before deciding whether to provide any information. By using our Website or Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not visit or use our Website or Services. Your continued use of our Website or Services will signify your acceptance of this Policy.
      
      What data do we collect?
      Information related to your account ("Personal Data"):
      When registering through our Website you will be requested to provide your email address and payment information which you submit to us voluntarily when you order or subscribe for our Services, as well as when you fill out any of the contact forms on the Website. This information is collected for proper administration of your account and/or subscription and to offer you customer support and, to the extent you so choose, to provide you with our newsletter and occasional promotional offers. Additionally, as part of our fraud detection measures, we shall collect data relating (i) to Website usage information, such as IP address (captured and stored in an anonymized format), approximate location (country only), (ii) transaction information, items purchased, the price paid, billing method, partial credit card information, chargeback requests, canceled orders. The above mentioned Personal Data is not, at any point, associated with any kind of activity done by the user inside the HotVPN tunnel which is NOT recorded, logged or stored at all.
      
      Anonymous Information ("Non-personal Data"):
      Additionally, we collect and/or receive and store certain non-personal information ("Non-personal Data") whenever you interact with us. This exchange of information occurs between your browser and our affiliates or our server occurs automatically upon accessing our pages. Through such exchange we receive Non-personal Data including without limitation, data relating to the browser you are using, mobile/desktop device, general properties and metadata, OS version, preferred language, the date and time of your visit, battery charge, screen resolution, Google Advertising ID, Gyro-sensor data, screen size, Connectivity (WLAN), Mobile service provider, the referring website and your preferences in our Websites during your visit. We collect such statistical information about usage as aggregate data from both the Website and Service in order to maintain a better customer experience as well as a high level of quality for the Service.
      
      With regards to the HotVPN, Non-personal Data is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Thus Non-personal Data does not permit the identification of individual persons. Additionally, Non-personal Data do not include any information about the activity performed by the user inside the HotVPN tunnel such as browsing history, web content accessed, destinations of VPN traffic, DNS queries and IP addresses. We use this information for internal monitoring, analytics and improvement of our services in the way described in this Policy. Additionally, at your sole discretion you may approve VPN connection diagnostics which allows for app data to be sent by the user to the customer support team, similarly to a "report a bug"feature. A connection log may also be sent together with a ticket that is raised with our customer support, so our team can debug any faults that may appear and result in a bad experience for the user.
      
      How do we collect personal data?
      Our Website contains registration forms (e.g. during payment process or during customer support and review) that will ask users at their discretion to provide us with certain information such as their email address as detailed above. We use this information to create an account, provide the service, send you news and updates and promotional material about our products or from some of our partners. We do not share this information with third parties, except as detailed below and other than with the people/or associates working with the Service or Website. We additionally may use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for additional information on this point.
      
      Users may opt out of any unwanted emails by the unsubscribe option in the emails or by contacting us directly at contact@marketing66.com.
      
      In order to maintain a high-quality degree for our service and also an excellent customer support experience, HotVPN is using certain 3rd parties to collect and process the following aggregate data:
      
      How do we collect non-personal data?
      We automatically collect anonymous Non-personal Information through different technologies as described below.
      
      A. Website:
      Our website may use 3rd parties such as Google Analytics and third-party analytics, such as Adjust, to better understand how you use the Site and ways that we can improve your experience. Through these tools, we can see trends of usage of our Website such as total number of unique users, popular web pages or articles by number of total impressions, etc. These third parties use pixels or cookies to measure things such as the average time spent by users on the Site or visited pages so we learn how to improve the Site for you.
      
      To learn more how Google uses data from our use of Google Analytics Cookie we recommend you review Google’s policies located at: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. We also encourage you to review the Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
      
      
      B. Service:
      The performance of the Service is measured through a series of events sent anonymously to third-party services which are building aggregate data based on certain trends. Few examples of events are indicatively mentioned below:
      
      Connection Attempt: We collect this information to know the usage request directed to our Service on a particular hourly/daily/weekly/monthly interval, the country of origin (but not your source IP address), your HotVPN version, etc. This metric allows us to properly adjust our infrastructure according to the demand.
      
      Connection Successful: We collect this information to know how many users per hourly/daily/weekly/monthly intervals successfully established VPN connections to our service. This information correlated with the above event results, is helping our engineers to determine if there are any network issues which might prevent users from starting the service, identify peak hour intervals for our service so we can have the infrastructure scaled to meet the requests, etc.
      
      Ordering Our Service
      To order our Service you must choose which option works best for you on our pricing page, once you click on order now you will be asked to register to create a secure account by inserting your email account. Thereafter you will be asked to click on the method of payment: Paypal for the Website and iTunes or Google Play for the App. The specific information collected varies depending on the payment method you choose. To minimize the amount of Personal Data you submit to us, we recommend that you use bitcoin payments when subscribing to our Service.
      
      Please note that HotVPN itself does not process any orders or payments. We work exclusively with payment processors such as Paypal, iTunes or Google Play. 
      
      Once you choose your selected way of payment and click on the “Paypal” button on the Website or “Continue” (or similar wording) on the App, you will be directed to our third-party payment gateways domain. Although this page may have the look and feel of the Website please make sure that you are aware that you are now on our third party payment processor's site in order to complete your transaction. The name, address, card number, expiration date, and email address will be collected by the applicable, third party payment processor to process your request. Your name and email address will be shared back with us in order for us to provide you with your subscription to HotVPN.
      
      We do not have any access to the credit card information you submitted to our payment processor. We do not connect your personal information with any kind of online activity done by you inside the HotVPN tunnel, such as: browsing history, traffic destination, data content, IP addresses or DNS queries. The payment processor's privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected during the check-out process which we recommend you review prior to placing an order or providing any information.
      
      Why do we collect Your Personal Data?
      We collect the Personal Data for the purpose of:
      
      Service improvement and personalization of the user experience on HotVPN
      The proper administration of our Website and business
      The performance of the contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract
      Scientific research, fraud detection/prevention and improvement of the Service
      To notify you of our new services or changes to our existing Services
      To send you technical or service-related communications
      To enforce the Terms of Service
      Customer Analytics
      Sharing Your Personal Data
      We do not share, sell, rent or trade your Personal Data with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy. 
      
      Furthermore, we may share certain Personal Data with trusted vendors to carry out a transaction you have requested (e.g., sharing card payment information with our credit card processor to obtain payment of fees and to activate your subscription to the Service). 
      
      In order to assist you if you have questions while using our Website or App or regarding your order and provide comprehensive customer support, we offer the possibility of contacting us. For the use of such support, you will be requested to provide personal data such as name and email. Our support will have access to collect and process such personal data solely for the purpose of facilitating communication with you and record-keeping. Additionally, as part of our customer satisfaction policy we may ask you to answer some questions about our Site and your decision to purchase our products. Should you, at your discretion choose to respond to such questions and additionally you opt to insert your email address. 
      
      We may further collect and possibly share your Personal Data to enforce the Terms of Service. This may be done to prevent a crime or violation of our Terms of Service or to help solve a transgression that has been committed.
      
      We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Data as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
      
      Lastly, we may share Non-personal Data associated with the use of our Website and the Services with 3rd party suppliers for the purposes of optimization of our Website and Services as well customer analytics and fraud prevention (e.g Adjust, Google etc). These third parties will use Non-personal Data and/or Personal Data relating to your use of our Website to evaluate your use of the Website, compile reports on Site activity and provide other Site activity and internet related services, all in accordance with their applicable privacy policy. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for further information on the use of Non-Personal Data by our 3rd Party Service Providers.
      
      
      We provide you with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with our treatment of your Personal Data. Depending on your relationship with us, these choices and controls may include, access to the Personal Data collected about you that we hold; correcting, updating or deleting the information associated with you that we hold; and in the event, you wish to opt out from the data collection or you are not able to exercise your rights through your account please contact us at: contact@marketing66.com. In the event you make such a request, note that we may require certain information from you in order to verify your identity and locate your data and that the process of locating and deleting the data may take reasonable time and effort. Data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to the data we collect from you, which may also apply.
      
      Deletion Requests
      You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information collected from you and retained, unless an exception applies.
      Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers, subcontractors, and consultants to delete) your Personal Information, unless an exception applies.
      Children's Privacy
      You represent and warrant that you are at least 16 years of age and of legal competence to use our Service. If you are under 18, please be sure to read the Agreement with your parents or legal guardians. We do not use the Service to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of sixteen (16). We request that such individuals not provide Personal Data through our services. If you become aware or have any reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has shared any information with us, please contact us at: contact@marketing66.com and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
      
      Data Retention
      We may rectify, replenish or remove incomplete or inaccurate information, at any time and at our own discretion as detailed above. Please note that unless you instruct us otherwise we retain the information we collect for as long as needed to provide the Service and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
      
      Policy Updates
      If we decide to make changes to our Privacy Policy, at our sole discretion, Such changes and updates will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy Policy. Thus, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly for updates, so that you are fully informed on how your data is collected and used by the Company and your related rights. The last revision date will be reflected in the "Last Modified" heading. Your continued use of the Services following the display of such amendments constitutes your acknowledgement and consent to such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amended policy.
      
      If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you through the account or the Website and make best efforts to notify you via email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.