Personal information protection policy
We, SocialGood, Inc., (from now on, we) will deal with information that identifies and constitutes specific individuals (hereinafter referred to as "personal information") in accordance with the following "personal information protection policy".
“Personal Information” we are to be provided by an individual is as follows.
[Identity data]
This is information that helps us identify who you are, such as:
- Name
- User ID
- Device ID
[Contact data]
This is information that details how we can contact you, such as:
- Email Address
- Phone Number
In order to protect personal information, we abide by the “Act on the Protection of Personal Information” and other related laws and regulations of Japan, and continue striving to handle and protect personal information appropriately.
We will take due actions and measures to ensure that personal information is handled within the scope of the intended use(*) of the customer and is not intended to be used out of the purpose presented.
(*) The intended use
Providing information from us to customers by such as e-mail and direct mail
Providing our services to customers in accordance with the customers’requests
Providing information about our products, promotions and services through methods such as emails, telephone and face-to-face sales
Delivery of services and products to customers
Questionnaire and monitoring on services and products to customers
Supporting services to customers
Other related services to customers
Sharing information of customers with our group companies of Ayumi Trust Group in order to respond to customers’ needs and requests in a timely manner
Providing our responses to customers in light of questions and requests of the customers
We will not disclose or provide personal information of customer that the customer provided to us to third parties unless we receive the consent of the customer to do so.
If we need to use the personal information for purposes other than the intended use of the original, we will seek your consent to do so in advance.
If we outsource and/or entrust the handling of all or part of personal information to a third party, we will take necessary measures to ensure that the outsourced /entrusted partner complies with the safety control measures agreed in advance between us and the third party.
We strive to prevent unauthorized access to personal information, leakage, loss, and damage of personal information, and to improve and correct information security.
We will respond sincerely and promptly to inquiries and / or requests for disclosure from customers regarding personal information.
With regard to the above, we establish the following contact channels for individuals/users concerning the request of inquiry, request of revision, addition and renewal/update, and request of deletion.
-
https://socialgood.zendesk.com/hc/requests/new
- SocialGood, Inc. e-mail: info@socialgood.inc
In occasions of the above, for the purpose of the identification checking, we will request you to submit the following documents for identification by such relevant communication tools as fax, mail, PDF fail attachment.
- Driving License
- Passport
- Relevant ID card with photo, e.g., Residence Card by the Japanese Government
- Other relevant ID documents (that we accept as it is)
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. You can refuse to accept these cookies and most devices and browsers offer their own privacy settings for cookies.
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Site may be provided by third parties that are not affiliated with us. These third-parties may collect or receive certain information about your use of the Site, including through the use of cookies, beacons, and similar technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected across different websites and online services.
One of the third parties that provides services on our Site is Google Inc. Like many websites, we use Google Analytics, a service that provides information about how many users visit our Site, when they visit, and how they navigate the Site once they are here. Google offers a browser add-on that enables users to opt-out of having data about their visits reported to websites by Google Analytics. More information about the add-on visit:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=en
We also may use other Google Analytics tools, such as Demographics and Interest Reporting, which enables us to learn more about the characteristics and interests of the users who visit our Site, and Remarketing with Google Analytics, which enables us to provide relevant advertising on different websites and online services. You can opt out of having your data used for these additional Google Analytics tools by visiting the following page and opting out of ads provided by Google.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Related articles
SocialGood Application Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of the Referral Programs and Campaigns
How Can I Install and Use the SocialGood Chrome Extension?
SocialGood (SG) Buyback Program
How to Buy SG with the Coinbase Commerce Feature in the SocialGood App for Membership Activation