Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us
Welcome to Mosaic (the “Platform”). The Platform is provided and controlled by Dreamachine LLC. (“Mosaic”, “Dreamachine” “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it
How we use this data
Where do we store this data and for how long
Who we share data with
What right and choices do you have regarding your data
What information we collect
Information sent by your mobile device. Information from your device such as operating systems, device identifier, and the use of our service is collected when you use our app.
When you email us, we may use your email to reply back to you
Users that make in App purchases, the third party billing service provider (Apple) will collect the information you provide to them such as credit card number, billing address, and your name.
Why we collect this information
Improve your user experience, the app performance and the service we provide for you and send you promotional emails from time to time
How we use your information
To provide you with the service
To Maintain and improve the app performance
To communicate with third parties
To respond to your messages and emails
To perform marketing activities
To process your requests and transactions
For other purposes related to our business
Where we store your data
In our own servers or third party cloud storage services, they can’t use this information except as provided in the Privacy policy
Cookies
“Cookies” are files with a small amount of data that is commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. Our Service does not use Cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use Cookies to collection information and to improve their Services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these Cookies and know when a Cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our Cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
How we protect your information
We take security seriously and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification with physical and electronic safeguards. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
COPPA
Our app and services are not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13.
Disclosing information to outside parties
Our app does connect to third party Services that may collect information used to identify you.
We do not collect, sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) for commercial or marketing purposes, except as stated herein.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We may use automated systems that analyze your use of the Services to provide you with features tailored to how you use our Services. This information will be available to those third parties.
In the case that Mosaic will merge or get acquired by a third party, some or all of our assets including your information may be transferred or disclosed to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
We may work with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to protect our property, rights and safety of a third party of public in general to stop any activity that might be considered illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity
Google Analytics for Firebase
Our apps use Google Firebase technology (Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, “Google”). Firebase is part of Google Cloud Platform and offers many services to developers. A list can be found here: https://firebase.google.com/terms/
Some Firebase services process personal information. In most cases, the personal data is limited to so-called “instance IDs”, which are provided with a time stamp. Firebase’s instance IDs are unique and thus allow the linking of different events or processes. These data are neither personally identifiable information nor do we make any effort to personalize it afterwards. We process this aggregated data to analyze and optimize usage behavior and app functionality. We do not use Firebase services that use personally identifiable information, such as IP addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers or passwords. For more information on Google Firebase and privacy, visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page and if required make sure to get your consent. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
How long we store your information
We store your data for as long as is necessary to provide our services to you or for as long as we have a legitimate interest in continuing to store it, in particular for reasons of troubleshooting.
In some circumstances your data has to be stored for longer, for example if a
legal hold
or
litigation hold
is ordered in connection with official or court proceedings (i.e. the data may not be deleted for the duration of the proceedings).
What can you do to protect your data
We recommend that you always keep your data safe by not sharing your personal information online with others.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or Services.
Erasing Your Personal Information Or Restricting Its Processing
You have the right to ask for your personal information to be removed from our systems. You can do this by emailing or writing to us at the address stated at the end of this policy. You can also use our online form to make a request to delete your personal information.
You may also ask us to stop or limit the processing your personal data in the following situations:
where you believe we are unlawfully using your personal data,
you have objected to our use of your personal data and have a pending investigation, or you require us to retain your data in connection with legal proceedings.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy please contact us at
hello@themosaicapp.com