Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
Quark VPN respects your personal privacy. This privacy policy explains the information collected by Quark VPN and its affiliates ("Quark VPN" or "us") about you and why, and how we use and protect this information.
1. What is the scope of this privacy policy?
This privacy policy is part of the Quark VPN Terms of Service and applies to information we obtain through your use of this website, services, and other Quark VPN products and services. Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service.
2. What information does Quark VPN collect from me?
No account registration is required to use the Quark VPN service, but we will establish an internal account for each user and record and collect a small amount of information to provide you with the best experience and provide appropriate support when you need help. The data we collect is based on your interactions with us and your choices, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. The data we collect includes: application version number, application identifier, application version, application developer identifier, etc.
3. How we use your information
We use your data to continuously improve our products, including adding new features. Open more suitable routes for your local area. Non-personal information is mainly used to optimize the service. For example, when a problem occurs and we are required to provide user support, we need specific data to identify and resolve the problem. We may also use the above information to track the functionality of the service to better analyze, understand and enhance the service and further improve the user experience and satisfaction
The specific functions are as follows:
Get the user's version number so that our users can match each version number and provide better service for users.
The purpose of obtaining the user's application developer identifier is to obtain the user's device information for statistical addition, retention, and in-use statistics.
We promise you that we will not sell, use or disclose any personal data to third parties for any purpose without your permission. We do not do targeted advertising, user introductions or snooping on your privacy. We will only use your information in a specific way and for a specific purpose in accordance with the provisions of this policy. To protect privacy, we do not share user's personal data with anyone, we only store user's data on a specific server of the application.
4. Legal basis for data processing
The purpose of processing personal data has been described above. Our legal basis for processing personal data includes: contracting with you (for example, to provide you with the services you need. Authenticating and authenticating you so that you can use the website); compliance with legal requirements (for example, compliance with applicable accounting Rules and meet mandatory disclosure requirements of law enforcement agencies; protect our legitimate interests (for example, manage our relationship with you, ensure the security of our services, and communicate with you about our products and services), and with the consent of our customers (Such as placing cookies to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).
5. Your rights
In accordance with applicable law, you have the right to object to or request restrictions on the processing of your personal data and the right to require you to access, correct, delete and carry your data. If your use is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw the consent at any time, but the withdrawal of the consent will not affect the legality of the consent-based data processing prior to the withdrawal. You can submit a request to us via email. If you find that your information has changed or is incorrect, please notify us of these changes so that our records can be updated or corrected. If you believe that our processing of your personal data violates applicable law, you can file a complaint with a supervisory authority. How long we retain your personal data depends on the need to provide you with a service or product, or as required or permitted by applicable law, such as tax and accounting laws.
6. How secure is my data?
(1) Quark VPN uses international advanced universal encryption technology, and the transmission between you and the server is encrypted; (2) the server and database are protected by a multi-layered strict firewall; (3) important data is taken offline or stored separately, So that the vulnerabilities of a single system are not enough to affect other parts of the data; (4) defense against hackers through automatic and manual access; (5) if Quark VPN learns that the security system has vulnerabilities, we may try to pass the Quark VPN program or Post information on our website and other social media platforms to notify you and provide information (if any) about protection.
7. Will this privacy policy change?
As Quark VPN evolves, we may update these terms to accommodate changes in the service. However, we will always honor our commitment to respect your privacy. We will prominently post any changes to these terms on the website, so we recommend that you regularly check for any changes. By using the Quark VPN service, you agree to this privacy policy. If you do not agree with any changes to these terms, you need to stop using the Quark VPN service.