This policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared.
Depending on which game or service you use, we collect different kinds of information from or about you.
Device information
We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our games and products, depending on the permissions you’ve granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent games and products across your devices. Here are some examples of the device information we collect:
Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names, and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers.
Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
Things you do and information you provide
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our games and products, including when you sign up for an account, create or share, and message or communicate with others, play the game with your friends and other people, connect with Facebook or Google Play Gamecenter. This can include information in or about the content you provide, such as the location of a photo or your in-game behavior. We also collect information about how you use our games and products, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
Things others do and information they provide
We also collect content and information that other people provide when they use our games and products, including information about you, such as when they share a photo of you, send a message to you.
Your networks and connections
We collect information about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, such as the people you communicate or interact via gameplay in games and products.
Information about payments
If you use our games and products for purchases or financial transactions (like when you make a purchase in a game), we collect information about the purchase or transaction.
This includes your payment information, such as account and authentication information, as well as billing and contact details.
Information from third-party partners
We receive information about you and your activities on and off our games and products from third-party partners, such as information from a partner when we jointly offer services or from an advertiser about your experiences or interactions with them.
Facebook information
We receive information about you from companies that are owned or operated by Facebook or Google, in accordance with their terms and policies. Learn more about these companies and their privacy policies.
How do we use this information?
We are passionate about creating engaging and customized experiences for people. We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our games and products.
Here’s how:
– provide, improve and develop games and products
We are able to deliver our games and products, personalize content, and make suggestions for you by using this information to understand how you use and interact with our games and products and interested in on our games and products. When we have location information, we use it to tailor our games and products for you and others, like helping you to check-in and find local events or offers.
We conduct surveys and research, test features in development, and analyze the information we have to evaluate and improve games and products, develop new products or features, and conduct audits and troubleshooting activities.
– communicate with you
We use your information to send you marketing communications, communicate with you about our games and products and let you know about our policies and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.
– show and measure ads and services
We use the information we have to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads on our games and products and measure the effectiveness and reach of ads and services.
How is this information shared?
People use our games and products to make fun by playing with other people. We make this possible by sharing your information.
When you share and communicate using Facebook integration in our games and products, you choose the audience who can see what you share. For example, when you ask someone for free lives or resources.
Public information is any information you share with a public audience, as well as information in your Public Profile, or content you share on a Facebook Page or another public forum. Public information is available to anyone on or off our games and products and can be seen or accessed through online search engines, APIs, and offline media, such as on TV.
Sharing With Third-Party Partners and Customers
We work with third party companies who help us provide and improve our games and products or who use advertising or related products, which makes it possible to operate our companies and provide free services to people around the world.
Here are the types of third parties we can share information with about you:
Advertising 3 parties (Facebook, Google Adwords and etc.), Measurement 3rd parties (Appsflyer, TUNE and etc.), Analytics 3rd parties (Firebase, Appmetrica, Fabric.io, Branch.io, Facebook analytics and etc.), IT infrastructure 3rd parties (Hetzner, Amazon Web Services and etc.), Customer support 3rd parties (Zendesk and etc.).
We want our advertising to be as relevant and interesting as the other content on our games and products. With this in mind, we use all of the information we have about you to show you relevant ads. We do not share information that personally identifies you (personally identifiable information is information like name or email address that can by itself be used to contact you or identifies who you are) with advertising, measurement or other partners unless you give us permission.
Vendors, service providers, and other partners.
We transfer information to vendors, service providers, and other partners who globally support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our games and products are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, facilitating payments, or conducting academic research and surveys. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
How can I delete information about me?
We store data for as long as it is necessary to provide our games and products to you and others, including those described above. Information associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services. You can delete your account at any time. When you delete your account, we delete all information about you. To learn more about deleting your account, just contact us at support@openmygame.com. Keep in mind that information that others have shared about you is not part of your account and will not be deleted when you delete your account.
How do we respond to legal requests or prevent harm?
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States and European Union where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information to third-party partners about the reliability of your account to prevent fraud and abuse on and off of our games and products. Information we receive about you, including financial transaction data related to purchases made with our games and products, may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
How will we notify you of changes to this policy?
We’ll notify you before we make changes to this policy if it’s possible and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before continuing to use our games and products.
How to contact us with questions
If you have questions about this policy, here’s how you can reach us:
support@openmygame.com
246017 Belarus, Gomel,  Internatsionalnaya st, 13.
© OpenMyGame,  2025 |
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Service