You will be given an overview of the kind of data that is processed when you use the mylife YpsoPump Explorer app as well as of your rights according to the data protection regulations.
Responsible Body
Ypsomed AG
The responsible body within the meaning of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection regulations is
Ypsomed AG
Brunnmattstrasse 6
3401 Burgdorf
Switzerland
Telephone: +41 (0)34 424 41 11
E-mail: info@ypsomed.com
You can reach our Data Protection Officer at the above postal address and at the following e-mail address:
privacy@ypsomed.com
Unity Technologies, Inc.
If you consent to the use of Unity’s Analytics services, your personal data described in this Privacy Policy will be disclosed to
Unity Technologies Finland OY
(“Unity”), Kaivokatu 8 B, 00100 Helsinki, Finland. Unity processes the data as a separate and independent Controller of the Data for the purposes described in
Unity’s Privacy Policy
.
Unity is the creator of the world’s most widely used real-time 3D (RT3D) development platform, giving developers around the world the tools to create rich, interactive 2D, 3D, VR and AR experiences.
How are you affected by the processing of your personal data?
If you consent to the use of Unity’s Analytics services, personal data, such as IP address and device identifiers, events completed or actions taken within the game as well as metadata about in-game communications will be collected. Ypsomed has ongoing access to this data. The collection and use of this data allows Ypsomed to improve your experience with its products. The reports are based on your app activities, but do not identify you or your device. The reports help Ypsomed make decisions on optimal methods to run the mylife YpsoPump Explorer app. For example, Ypsomed may need to know the types of devices running the mylife YpsoPump Explorer app to determine how to support updates on an ongoing basis.
Unity will use the data to make targeting decisions within its services to provide services to Ypsomed, to assist Ypsomed with maintaining and improving its services and to provide an aggregated, anonymous view of the device marketplace as well as the performance of its services. This helps Unity determine where to spend its resources in designing useful software for customers. For example, if Unity recognises certain mobile phone models are falling out of use, it might no longer offer support for that particular mobile phone model in future versions. Unity may use all data collected on an aggregated or de-identified basis as set out in its
Privacy Policy
.
Unity Analytics does not collect the data to be used for targeting purposes and assisting Unity Ads.
Unity retains personal data for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose descripted herein and consistent with applicable law.
Unity Analytics opt out
You can opt-out of Unity Analytics at any time. If you no longer want Unity Analytics to collect your information for the purposes described herein, follow these instructions:
Open your app.
Open the main menu.
Select “Language & Privacy Settings”.
Scroll down and click on “To opt out of Analytics click here”.
Read and follow the instructions displayed.
Data transfer to a third country
Unity has implemented and maintains conditions consistent with applicable law for transfers of data outside of the country of collection, including for transfers out of the EEA.
For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, Unity has put in place adequate measures, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission, to protect personal data. You may obtain a copy of these measures by contacting
DPO@unity3d.com
.
Your rights
You may demand information at any time as to whether and which personal data Ypsomed or Unity processes from you and for what purpose.
You will be able to request deletion (erasure) of data with the privacy settings within your app.
You can complain to the Data Protection Authority at your place of residence or work or at the registered Office of Ypsomed or Unity if you have any doubts that your data is not being processed in accordance with the law.
All declarations of consent that you have given for the processing of personal data can be revoked at any time without stating reasons. The processing of the data remains legal up to revocation of the consent.
Changes to the Data Protection Declaration
The contents of this Data Protection Declaration must be amended from time to time in order to comply with legal requirements or to implement changes to the services and offers contained in the Data Protection Declaration. Ypsomed reserves the right to change these at any time. You will always find the current version here.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools