Cookies Statement
This statement relates to the privacy practices of Technological University of the Shannon (“TUS”) in connection with the TUS website.
General statement
The Technological University of the Shannon fully respects your right to privacy and actively seeks to preserve the privacy rights of those who share personal information with TUS. For further information, please see our
Data Protection
information.
Collection and use of personal information
TUS does not collect any personal information about you on its websites apart from information which you volunteer. Any personal information which you volunteer to TUS in connection with its websites will be treated in accordance with the Irish Data Protection Acts and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Accordingly, TUS shall only process such information in line with our privacy notices.
Collection and use of technical information/cookies
This website uses cookies which are small text files placed on your computer so that TUS’s website scripts can analyse how users use the website and record your preferences. The different types of cookies used on this website are as follows:
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential for enabling user movement around our website. They do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing purposes and do not remember where you have been on the internet. If you wish to use our website, you cannot disable this category of cookies.
Analytics Cookies
We use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. These cookies collect information in aggregate to provide us with an insight into how our website is being used. You may be able to delete these cookies through your browser settings. The following table provides more information about these cookies:
Source of Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_ga, _gat, _gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. We do not record IP addresses.
Marketing Cookies
We use third party companies to assist us in targetting advertisements relating to TUS courses and services.
Source of Cookie
Name
Purpose
Facebook/Instagram
_fbp, fr, tr
These cookies are used by Facebook/Instagram and facilitate the delivery of retargeted advertisements on TUS courses to visitors of our site via Facebook.
Google Ad Words
ads/ga-audiences
These cookies are used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors with targeted advertisements on TUS courses based on their behaviour during their site visit.
Third Party Cookies
Our website includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. When you visit a page with content embedded from third parties such as Google, Twitter, YouTube or Facebook, these service providers may set their own cookies on your web browsers. For example, Facebook sets cookies via our website if you engage with any of the pages on our websites.
Further information on each of these third party provider’s cookie policy is available on their website.
Examples of third party cookies used on this website are set out below.
Source of Cookie
Name
Purpose
YouTube
GPS, IDE, PREF, test_cookie, visitors_info1_live, ysc, yt-remote-cast-installed, yt-remote-connected-devices, yt-remote-device-id, yt-remote-fast-check-period, yt-remote-session-app, yt-remote-session-name
Enables users to view embedded YouTube videos on all devices.
How to disable these cookies
Users may disable these cookies from the pop out list in the bottom left corner of our website or via their web browser with no loss of functionality. This can be achieved through your browser settings – the help function within your browser should tell you how, or, you can learn how by visiting the websites referred to above.
Links
TUS is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. The privacy practices on these websites may differ from that on the TUS website, and we advise that you review the other websites’ policies before providing personal information. Within the TUS domain (tus.ie) you may find websites over which TUS has no editorial responsibility. Such sites can include the websites of student organisations, etc. While TUS expects compliance with this privacy statement at such sites, please contact our
IT Services team
if you encounter TUS websites that are not compliant with this privacy and cookie statement.
Revisions to Cookie Statement
TUS may revise this cookie statement from time to time. Changes to this privacy statement will be posted here so you should periodically check this page to review the most recent statement. If you have any questions about this cookie statement or the practices of TUS’s websites they should be referred to the Information and Compliance Officer at the address set out above.
Contact
Any queries or concerns about the use of cookies on this website should be sent by email to
datacompliance@tus.ie
or addressed to the Information and Compliance Officer, Technological University of the Shannon Athlone Campus, University Road, Athlone, Co. Westmeath, N37HD68 Ireland.