Home
Data Privacy Statements
Data Privacy Statement
Download PDF
Frequently Asked Questions
1.0 Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement explains the personal data Safaricom Plc (“Safaricom”) collects, how Safaricom processes it, and for what purposes.
This statement should be read together with the Terms and Conditions of Use for other Safaricom products and services. Where there is a conflict, this statement will prevail.
This statement applies to all customers, suppliers, agents, merchants, dealers and all visitors frequenting any of Safaricom premises.
2.0 Definitions
References to
2.1
“You
”
means:
i) Customer- the person who subscribes to, uses or purchases any of our products and services or accesses our websites and includes any person who accesses any of the products and services you have subscribed to.
ii) Any agent, dealer and/or merchants who has signed an agreement with us and is recognised as a merchant or agent in accordance with any applicable laws or Regulations.
iii) Any visitor that is a person (including contractors/subcontractors or any third parties) who gains access to any Safaricom premises.
iv) Any supplier who has been contracted by Safaricom and executed a Supplier contract.
2.2 “Safaricom”, “we” or “us”, “our” and “ours” means Safaricom Plc
The word
“includes”
means that what follows is not necessarily exhaustive and therefore the examples given are not the only things/situations included in the meaning or explanation of that text.
3.0 Statement Details
3.1 Collection of Information
3.1.1
We collect your personal information with your knowledge and consent when you do any of the following (please note that this list is not exhaustive):
a) Register for a specific product or service, including but not limited to SIM-card registration, PostPay subscriptions, e-
commerce platforms, M-PESA and M-PESA-powered services;
b) Buy, subscribe to or use a Safaricom product or service online, on the cloud, on a mobile or other device, in a Safaricom Shop or other retail outlet;
c) Subscribe to Safaricom or third-party premium rates services, Short Message Service (SMS), email or social media platforms;
d) Ask Safaricom for more information about a product or service or contact Safaricom with a query or complaint;
e) Respond to or participate in a survey, marketing
promotion, prize competition or special offer;
f) Visit, access or use Safaricom or third-party websites;
g) We may also collect your information from other organisations including credit-reference bureaus, fraud prevention agencies and business directories;
h) We may collect your information when you interact with us as a supplier, agent, merchant or dealer as prescribed in this statement;
i) We also collect information when you visit any of our premises.
3.1.2
We do not onboard minors (any person under 18 years of age) except where you additionally register on their behalf as their parent and/ or legal guardian. If you allow a child to use our services, you should be aware that their personal information could be collected as described in this statement.
3.2 What Information is collected?
The information we collect and store about you includes but is not limited to the following:
3.2.1
Your identity and SIM-card registration information, including your name, photograph, address, location, phone number, identity document type and number, date of birth, email address, age, gender and mobile number portability records.
3.2.2
Your credit or debit-card information, information about your bank account numbers and SWIFT codes or other banking information.
3.2.3
Your transaction information when you use our MPESA service.
3.2.4
Your preferences for particular products and services, based on information provided by you or from your use of Safaricom’s (or third party) network, products and services.
3.2.5
Name, family details, age, profiling information such as level of education, bank account status, income brackets, etc. collected as part of surveys conducted by Safaricom and their agents on behalf of Safaricom.
3.2.6
Your contact with us, such as when you: call us or interact with us through social media, our chatbot Zuri, ‘snail mail’, email (we may record your conversations, social media or other interactions with us), register your biometric information such as your voice, finger prints etc, visit a Safaricom Shop or other retail outlet.
3.2.7
Your account information, such as your handset type/model, tariff, top-ups; subscriptions (including third party subscriptions), billing statements, cloud hosting registration details, e-commerce registration and usage, M-PESA and mobile money transactions.
3.2.8
Your call data records: phone numbers that you call or send messages to (or receive calls and messages from), log of calls, messages or data sessions on the Safaricom network and your approximate location (save for customer service interactions as noted above we do not record or store message or call contents).
3.2.9
We use Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) surveillance recordings. CCTV Devices are installed at strategic locations to provide a safe and secure environment in all Safaricom premises as a part of our commitment to community safety, security and crime prevention.
3.2.10
When you request us to reserve parking for you, we will collect and retain your personal data (name, telephone number, and vehicle registration details) when you request Safaricom to reserve parking space for you and where you use any of our parking facilities as a contractor. We use the data you provide to ensure effective visitor, contractor and car park management, Health and Safety compliance (orderly entry and exiting to and from the car parks and buildings) and inventory management.
3.2.11
We maintain a register of visitors in which we collect and keep your personal data such as names, company/institution details, telephone number, vehicle registration details and National ID
number. This information is collected for health, safety and security purposes.
3.2.12
When you use Safaricom WIFI for guest and visitors, we collect email IDs and will provide user name and password. We record the device address and also log traffic information in the form of sites visited, duration and date sent/received.
3.2.13
We may use your medical information to manage our services and products to you e.g. when you use our services designed for persons with disabilities such as our braille watch for the visually impaired.
3.2.14
Where you use our voice recognition platform (IVR) we may collect and process your voice biometrics.
3.2.15
We collect your personal information when you visit us for purposes of accident and incident reporting. Safaricom will collect personal data from the injured party or person suffering from ill health, such as, Name, Address, Age, next of kin, details of the incident to include any relevant medical history. The data is collected as Safaricom has a legal duty to document workplace incidents/accidents and to report certain types of accidents, injuries and dangerous occurrences arising out of its work activity to the relevant enforcing authority.
3.2.16
Incidents and accidents will be investigated to establish what lessons can be learned to prevent such incidents/accidents reoccurring including introduction of additional safeguards, procedures, information instruction and training, or any combination of these. Monitoring is undertaken but on an anonymised basis. The information is also retained in the event of any claims for damages.
3.3 Use of Information
We may use and analyse your information for the following purposes:
3.3.1
Processing products and services that you have bought from Safaricom or from third parties on our ecommerce platforms;
3.3.2
Billing you for using our or third-party products or services or taking the appropriate amount of credit from you;
3.3.3
Responding to any of your queries or concerns;
3.3.4
Verifying your identity information through publicly available and/or restricted government databases in order to comply with applicable regulatory requirements;
3.3.5
Carrying out credit checks and credit scoring;
3.3.6
Keeping you informed generally about new products and services and contacting you with offers or promotions based on how you use our or third-party products and services unless you opt out of receiving such marketing messages (you may contact Safaricom at any time to opt out of receiving marketing messages);
3.3.7
to comply with any legal, governmental or regulatory requirement or for use by our lawyers in connection with any legal proceedings;
3.3.8
In business practices including to quality control, training and ensuring effective systems operations;
3.3.9
To protect our network including to manage the volume of calls, texts and other use of our network;
3.3.10
To understand how you use our network, products and services for purposes of developing or improving products and services;
3.3.11
Preventing and detecting fraud or other crimes and for debt recovery;
3.3.12
For research, statistical, survey and other scientific or business
purposes;
3.3.13
Provide aggregated data (which do not contain any information which may identify you as an individual) to third parties for research and scientific purpose;
3.3.14
Administer any of our online platforms/websites.
3.4. Categories of Data
Categories of Personal Data as defined in the Data Protection Act of Kenya may be processed depending on the particular types of products and services you have subscribed to.
3.5. Lawful Basis for processing your information
We will process your personal information based on any of the lawful basis provided for under the Data Protection Law:
3.5.1
The performance of a Product/Service Agreement with you;
3.5.2
Safaricom’s legitimate business interests;
3.5.3
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation;
3.5.4
Consent you provide;
3.5.5
Public interest;
3.5.6
Your vital interest.
3.6. Retention of Information
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, the need to comply with our internal policy and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
Anonymised information that can no longer be associated with you may be held indefinitely.
4.0 Disclosure of Information
4.1
Any disclosure of your information shall be in accordance with applicable law and regulations. Safaricom shall assess and review each application for information and may decline to grant such information to the requesting party.
4.2
We may disclose your information to:
a) law-enforcement agencies, regulatory authorities, courts or other statutory authorities in response to a demand issued with the appropriate lawful mandate and where the form and scope of the demand is compliant with the law.
b) our subsidiaries, associates, partners, software developers or agents who are involved in delivering Safaricom products and services you order or use;
c) Fraud prevention and Anti money laundering agencies, credit-
reference agencies;
d) publicly available and/or restricted government databases to verify your identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements;
e) debt-collection agencies or other debt-recovery organisations;
f) Survey agencies that conduct surveys on behalf of Safaricom;
g) Emergency service providers when you make an emergency call (or where such disclosure to emergency service providers is necessary for your rescue, health and safety) including your approximate location;
h) Any other person that we deem legitimately necessary to share the data with.
4.3
Some of your information may be passed on to any person whom you receive mobile money from or send or intend to send mobile money to. Your information may be available to any third party involved in the operation of the mobile money service including Lipa Na M-PESA Merchants, mobile money interoperability partners, ATM Switch providers and vendors of the M-PESA money transfer technology platform.
4.4
We shall not release any information to any individual or entity that is acting beyond its legal mandate.
4.5
We will get your express consent before we share your personal data with any third party for direct marketing purposes.
4.6 Direct Marketing
4.6.1
You may be required to opt in or give any other form of explicit consent before receiving marketing messages from us.
4.6.2
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by writing to us or logging into our website,
www.safaricom.co.ke
and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the optout links on any marketing message sent to you or by attending to us or contacting us at any time through the provided contacts.
4.6.3
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product, service already taken up, warranty registration, product or service experience or other transactions].
5.0 The Use of Cookies
5.1
We may store some information (using "
cookies
") on your computer when you visit our websites. This enables us to recognise you during subsequent visits. The type of information gathered is non-personal (such as: the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer, the date and time of your visit, which pages you browsed and whether the pages have been delivered successfully.
5.2
We may also use this data in aggregate form to develop customised services - tailored to your individual interests and needs. Should you choose to do so, it is possible (depending on the browser you are using), to be prompted before accepting any cookies, or to prevent your browser from accepting any cookies at all. This will however cause certain features of the web site not to be accessible.
6.0 The Use of Hyperlinks
6.1
Our websites may provide hyperlinks to other locations or websites on the Internet. These hyperlinks lead to websites published or operated by third parties who are not affiliated with or in any way related to us and have been included in our website to enhance your user experience and are presented for information purposes only.
6.2
We do not endorse, recommend, approve or guarantee any third- party products and services by providing hyperlinks to an external website or webpage and do not have any co-operation with such third parties unless otherwise disclosed. We are not in any way responsible for the content of any externally linked website or webpage.
6.3
By clicking on a hyperlink, you will leave the Safaricom webpage and accordingly you shall be subject to the terms of use, privacy and cookie policies of the other website that you choose to visit.
7.0 Access to and Updating your Information
To update your information, go to
https://selfcare.safaricom.co.ke/
and sign in to my Safaricom self-care to look at your personal information. You can change how we get in touch with you and your account details whenever you like.
8.0 Safeguarding and Protection of Information
Safaricom has put in place technical and operational measures to ensure integrity and confidentiality of your data via controls around: information classification, access control, cryptography, physical and environmental security and monitoring and compliance.
9.0 International Data Transfers
From time to time we may need to transfer your personal information outside the Republic of Kenya.
Where we send your information outside Kenya, we will make sure that your information is properly protected in accordance with the applicable Data Protection Laws.
10.0 Your Rights
Subject to legal and contractual exceptions, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These are listed below: -
a) Right to be informed that we are collecting personal data about you;
b) Right to access personal data that we hold about you and request for information about how we process it;
c) Right to request that we correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
d) Right to request that we erase your personal data noting that we may continue to retain your information if obligated by the law or entitled to do so;
e) Right to object and withdraw your consent to processing of your personal data. We may continue to process if we have a legitimate or legal reason to do so;
f) Right to request restricted processing of your personal data noting that we may be entitled or legally obligated to continue processing your data and refuse your request;
g) Right to request transfer of your personal data in [an electronic format].
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us on
dpo@safaricom.co.ke
.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within reasonable time. Occasionally it could take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
11.0 How to Contact Us
If you would like to contact us on any topics in this privacy policy, you can email us on
dpo@safaricom.co.ke
or submit a request via our digital platforms.
As a Data Controller and Processor, below are the contact details of our Data Protection Officer:
Data Protection Officer
dpo@safaricom.co.ke
Safaricom PLC
Safaricom House
Waiyaki Way, Westlands
P.O Box 66827, 00800, Nairobi
www.safaricom.co.ke
12.0 Right to Lodge Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority that is tasked with personal data protection within the Republic of Kenya
13.0 Non-Compliance with this Statement
Safaricom shall have the right to terminate any agreement with you for failure to comply with the provisions of this statement and reject any application for information contrary to this statement.
14.0 Amendments to this Statement
Safaricom reserves the right to amend or modify this statement at any time. If
Safaricom amends this statement, You can access the most current version of
the privacy statement by clicking this link
Safaricom Privacy Statement
so that you will always know how your personal information is being used or shared. Any amendment or modification to this statement will take effect from the date of notification on the Safaricom website.
Statement Effective Date
1
st
October 2019
Frequently Asked Questions
Do not share your personal details, call records, account balances, date of birth or PINs with anyone who calls you.
Safaricom will only call you from 0722 000 000. Safaricom staff will never ask you to share your M-PESA or Sim card PIN
Do not store your passwords and PINs as contacts on your phone.
Activate privacy settings, such as phone lock features and 2-factor authentication, on your devices.
Only download or use approved apps from official app stores.
Safaricom has enacted security controls and measures, including data minimisation, encryption, regular audits, and 24/7 monitoring across all systems.
Our privacy practices are transparent, published on our website and available via a link on our digital channels to our privacy statement.
We have dedicated security and privacy teams that work to ensure the safety and security of all customer data.
Safaricom cannot listen to your personal calls or know what you have said in your messages.
Safaricom does not share customer information that is not required to be shared by the laws and regulations of Kenya and industry best practices.
Safaricom has annual external audits and certifications which test and confirm our security and privacy controls.
Safaricom is ISO 27701 (Privacy Information Management System), ISO 27001 (Information Security Management Systems) and PCI DSS v4 certified (the most recent version of the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard – a set of guidelines for handling cardholder data).
Safaricom is regulated by the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (ODPC), the Communications Authority of Kenya (CA) and the Central Bank of Kenya (CBK). We have embedded processes and controls in our business to ensure we are compliant with all laws and regulations of Kenya and with the Data Protection Act of Kenya, the Kenya Information and Communications Act, as well as the National Payments Systems Act to protect customer data.
Safaricom is committed to complying with all relevant data protection laws and regulations. In order to ensure this, we have put in place the following measures:
Data protection policies:
We have established comprehensive data protection policies that outline how we collect, use, and protect personal information and user data. To read more, see our
Privacy Statement
.
Training and awareness:
Staff receive mandatory annual training in data protection principles and practices to ensure compliance across the organisation. Stakeholders such as dealers, agents, suppliers, and partners are also trained annually.
Data protection office:
We have established a dedicated Data Protection Office staffed with a team responsible for overseeing our data protection strategy and compliance with legal obligations.
User data is safeguarded by strict internal privacy policies, a national regulatory framework, and global standards and best practices. Third parties can only access specific user information under certain legal conditions.
For example, law enforcement agencies may request access to user data as part of an investigation, but such requests must go through a legal process that ensures the rights of the user are respected.
Yes, users have the right to request access to their personal data. To submit a data access request, visit a Safaricom shop or email us at
dpo@safaricom.co.ke
. We will provide you with the information requested in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Advantage Plus Prepay Bundles Terms & Conditions
Airtime Bundles Service
Tunukiwa Daily Service
Safaricom DIY PostPay
Safaricom PostPay No Expiry Service
Conditions of Use of the Safaricom Service
Safaricom Auto Okoa Service.
Safaricom Anniversary Service
Safaricom Flexible Talk Time Bundle
Safaricom Stori Ibambe Service
You might also like
Cookie Policy
M-TIBA
Dot Braille Smart Watch
AliExpress M-PESA
M-PESA International Money Transfer
Secure M-PESA
Fixed Data Services
Safaricom Inactive Services
MySafaricom App Terms and Conditions
Bloom Finance Terms & Conditions
Was this information helpful? If not tell us how we can improve
Manage all your services in one App
×
Hi I am Zuri
, how can I help you today?
Personal
Voice
Tariffs
Daima Services
Jitambulishe
PrePay
PostPay
Monthly Plans
PostPay
All in One
Roaming Services
International Calling Rates
VoLTE
Promotions & Offers
Voice Security
Data
Getting Started
Tariffs
Internet Smart Tools
Angaza Music Bundle
Changamkia Youtube na 10
Data with Expiry
Data with No Expiry
Monthly Plans
5G
Roaming Services
Promotions Offers
Changamkia YouTube na 10/-
Angaza Music Bundle
YouTube Shorts
Tips and Tricks
Fixed Internet
Value Added Services
Entertainment
Promotions
Bonga Points
Smart Tools
Information Services
Other Services
Buy A Device
All Products
My Account
M-PESA
About M-PESA
Introduction
News & Releases
M-PESA Legal
Promotions and Offers
M-PESA Journey
M-PESA For You
Getting Started
Register For M-PESA
Experience M-PESA
M-PESA Reversal
Using M-PESA
Manage Your Account
Unlock Pin
Change Pin
Check Balance
Reset Pin
M-PESA Statement
Tariffs & Limits
Consumer Tariffs & Limits
Bulk Payments (B2C) Tariffs
M-PESA to Bank and Bank to M-PESA Tariffs
Helpful M-PESA channels
M-PESA Super App and Mini Apps
USSD *334#
Sim Toolkit
MySafaricom App
M-PESA Tips
Fraud Awareness
Secure M-PESA
M-PESA Legal
Next of Kin Claim
M-PESA Services
Transactions
Send Money
Deposit At Agent
Request Money
Tuma Popote
Credit and Savings
M-Shwari
KCB M-PESA Account
Fuliza
The M-Shwari 52 Week Challange
Halal Pesa
For Your Business
Business Paybill
Business Till
Business Overdraft
M-PESA Business App
Merchant Interoperability Service
Bulk Payments (B2C)
Business One Account
Pochi la biashara
Short Term Paybill
Bill Manager
Business Channels
B2B
M-PESA Agents and Dealers
M-PESA For All
Dot Braille Watch
M-TIBA
Business
About Us
Who we are
Our Story
Our Brand
For You
Tuinuane
Places Of Hope
Nawe Kila Wakati
Twaweza
Niko na Safaricom
Keep the Connections Going
Our Leadership Team
Brand Assets
Corporate Logos
Our Leaders
Senior Management
Board of Directors
Ethiopia Senior Management
Our Governance Policies
Our Journey
Data Privacy Statement
Community Impact
Safaricom Foundation
M-PESA Foundation
Brand Assets
Corporate Sponsorships​
Athletics Series
The Safaricom Marathon in Lewa
Sponsorship form
Social Innovation
M-TIBA
Appwiz Challenge
App Store
Child Online
Join Us
New Customers
Suppliers
Tenders
Supplier Tools and Support
Safaricom Supplier Portal
ISupplier Supplier Portal
Supplier User Guide
Careers
Spark Accelerator
Brand Toolkit
Logos
Leadership Profiles
Brand Assets
Campaigns
Sustainability
Our Purpose
Shared Value
Planet
Responsible Business
Our People & the world around us
Goals & Committments
Goals
Commitments
Sustainability Stories
Sustainable Business Reports
Business Objectives
Sustainability Policies
EMF Booklet
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Reports
Annual Reports
Financial Reports
Financial Results
Half year reports webcast
Full year reports webcast
Results transcripts
Investor Calendar
Investor Day Presentation
Safaricom Ethiopia Quarterly updates
Safaricom Ethiopia Quarterly Update Q3 FY24
Safaricom Ethiopia Quarterly Update Q1 FY24
Stocks
Share Price Performance
Dividends
Notice of Interim Dividend
Opt-in Form
Indemnity Form
Analyst Coverage
AGM
AGM Notices
AGM Proxy Form
Resolutions & Minutes
General Notices
For New Investors
Get in touch
Fraud Awareness
M-PESA Fraud
Hoax SMS
Scams/Extortions
Tips & Tricks
Impersonations
Media
Press Releases
Terms & Conditions
Frequently Asked Questions
Newsroom
Contact Us
Careers
Meet our People
Our Diversity
Internship Program
Customer Service
New Customer
My Account
Help
My Account
M-PESA Global Pay
M-PESA Foundation
Pamoja Tuungane
Safaricom Careers
Safaricom Foundation
Safaricom Golf Tour
Safaricom Roaming
Safaricom Wholesale
Newsroom
Safaricom Chapa Dimba
Sorry to hear it. What was the problem?
Website
                                                Experience
Customer
                                                Service
User
                                                Experience
Design
Sorry to hear it. What was the problem?
Website
                                                Experience
Customer
                                                Service
User
                                                Experience
Design
Sorry to hear it. What was the problem?
Website
                                                Experience
Customer
                                                    Service
User
                                                    Experience
Design
We're really glad you had a good experience!
‹
›
‹
›
‹
›
Tools to help you calculate what you can get with your budget real-time.
Got It
‹
›
‹
›
Data offers and promotions right at your fingertips.
Got It
‹
›
Search now
How can we improve your experience on our site? Please let us know below.
Search now
Listening ..
stop Listening
Your Cookies
We use cookies, including from our partners, to enhance and personalise your experience. Accept all cookies below, or select "Manage Cookies" to choose which cookies we can use. Reject all means you are rejecting all non-essential cookies. Please see our
Cookie Policy
for more information.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.safaricom.co.ke/images/Safaricom-Data-Privacy-Statement-updated.pdf:
