Shows
Marathons
Toonami
Music
Smalls
Games
Schedule
Rick Yourself
Etcetera
ADULT SWIM - APPLE ARCADE PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective Date:  July 1, 2021
This Privacy Notice is about how Adult Swim, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Group property, will collect and use any information you give us when you use our games offered within Apple Arcade.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Information about your computer, console or smartphone
We use Apple-provided solutions such as Gamekit/Game Center within our games within Apple Arcade in order to enhance game functionality so that you can participate in leader boards, multi-player games and track achievements.  When you visit or play one of our games, information about your device, Game Center or Apple ID and how you use our game or mobile apps therefore may be sent to Game Center for achievements and iCloud for saved games in order to support this game functionality.
When you contact us
If you contact us by email or using an online form, we will ask you for some information. For example, this will include your name and email address. We will also ask you to tell us why you are contacting us. Once we have helped you, we will delete your information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for different reasons.
Where we have a legitimate interest
When using your information is very important to us but still fair to you, we have something called a "legitimate interest". When we have a legitimate interest and we use your information, we need to be sure that it is not going to upset you.
We have a legitimate interest, for example, so we can:
·       answer your questions and comments when you contact us
·       improve and develop our games based on your actions and feedback
·       understand certain content and features and user trends, experiences, and interests
If the law says we must use your information
If the law says we must use your information, then we will do so. For example:
·       if the government or the police need to investigate something
·       to protect you and other users, as well as our business and property
HOW DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
Our Service Providers
Sometimes we have agents or contractors who make sure our games and mobile apps are great. We make sure that our service providers keep your information safe.
If the law says we must share your information
Adult Swim, our service providers and our affiliated companies, located at the following URL:
https://policies.warnerbros.com/privacy/en-us/affiliates/
,  will sometimes need to share your information with other people when the law says so. For example, this can happen if the police ask us to. We need to share your information if it will help us stop people from doing bad things or committing crimes. We also need to share your information if it will help us protect you or other people.
If we sell our business
If we sell, merge, or reorganize our business, we will share your information with the new owner
If you give us permission
If you give us permission to share your information for something, then we will share your information in the way we describe at the time.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
We have offices around the world. Sometimes, we will need to send your information to a different country. Usually, this is to the United States where Adult Swim, our affiliated companies located at URL:
https://policies.warnerbros.com/privacy/en-us/affiliates/
,
and our service providers will use your information in the way we have already described in this Privacy Notice. It is important to remember that some countries do not have laws that protect your information in the same way. If you want more information about how we send your information around the world, you can contact us by using the information in the “Contact Us” Section at the end of this Privacy Notice.
WE WANT TO KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
We take steps to protect your information to stop other people getting to it. We also make sure to not keep your information for too long. If we need your information for our own purposes, we will keep your information for three years after you last contact our customer support team or interact with us. Sometimes the law says we have to keep your information for longer than this. We may have to keep your information for longer to protect you and us.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice you can contact us. You can also ask to access your information, fix any mistakes, ask us to delete it or stop us from using it sometimes.
To contact us, you can email us at
WMPrivacy@warnermedia.com
or write to us at the following address:
Warner Media. Privacy Office
4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 160
Burbank, CA 91522
Toll Free: 833-WB-PRVCY (833-927-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988)
CALIFORNIA AND CCPA PRIVACY RIGHTS, METRICS, AND DISCLOSURES
CCPA METRICS
CPPA Regulations require us to provide disclosure of metrics for the previous calendar year regarding the requests by California residents. These metrics report the number of access, deletion, and Do Not Sell requests made, the number fulfilled in whole, or in part, and the number denied. That information can be found by navigating to the CCPA Metrics Reporting URL:
https://privacycenter.wb.com/ccpa-metrics
CALIFORNIA INFORMATION WE COLLECTED AND SHARED
California Information We Collected
In the year before this section was last updated, we may have collected the following categories of California Information:
·      Unique and other online identifiers – such as IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers that relate to your device and its operating system
·      In-Game or online viewing activities – such videos, content, and pages viewed
We may have collected these categories of California Information for the following business or commercial purposes
:
·      Performing services on behalf of the business – such as customer service, processing or fulfilling orders, providing content recommendations, and processing payments
·      Auditing customer transactions
·      Fraud and crime prevention
·      Debugging errors in systems
·      Marketing and advertising on the Site based on what you are watching or browsing
·      Internal research, analytics and development – e.g., user-preference analytics
·      Developing, maintaining, provisioning or upgrading networks, products, services, or devices
We may have obtained California Information from a variety of sources, including:
·       Directly from you – such as technical and usage information when you use our Sites
Disclosures of California Information:
I
n the year before this section was last updated, we may have disclosed the following categories of California Information to third parties
:
·      Unique and other online identifiers – such as IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers that relate to your device and its operating system
·      In-Game or online viewing activities – such videos, content, and pages viewed
We may have disclosed each of these categories of California Information to the following categories of third parties:
·       Service Providers – These entities process information on our behalf for business purposes, helping us provide products or services to you
·       Government Entities – These entities include law enforcement authorities, regulatory agencies, and courts
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS TO REQUEST DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND SHARE ABOUT YOU
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information about our practices related to the disclosure of your personal information by certain members of the Warner Bros. Family of companies to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may be able to opt out of our sharing of your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes in certain circumstances. Please send your request (along with your full name, email address, postal address, and the subject line labeled “Your California Privacy Rights”) by email at
wmprivacy@warnermedia.com
.
In addition, if you are a California resident, the CCPA grants you the right to request certain information about our practices with respect to California Information. In particular, you can request the following:
The categories and specific pieces of your California Information that we’ve collected
The categories of sources from which we collected California Information
The business or commercial purposes for which we collected California Information
The categories of third parties with which we shared California Information
You can submit a request to us for the following additional information:
The categories of third parties to whom we’ve disclosed California Information, and the category or categories of California Information disclosed to each
YOUR RIGHT TO REQUEST THE DELETION OF CALIFORNIA INFORMATION
Upon your request, we will delete the California Information we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide you with a product or service that you requested; perform a contract we entered into with you; maintain the functionality or security of our systems; comply with or exercise rights provided by the law; or use the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information to us, or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us.
WE DO NOT SELL YOUR CALIFORNIA INFORMATION
HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
You may exercise your rights to request access to or deletion of your California Information by visiting our Privacy Center located at the following URL:
https://privacycenter.wb.com/
. You can also contact us toll free at 833-WB-PRVCY (833-927-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988) and an agent will assist you with submitting a request.  These requests are generally free. When you submit a request, we will usually ask you to provide an email address which we will contact to confirm the request was not fraudulently submitted.
In addition, for access and deletion requests, we will use a third-party verification service to confirm that you are who you say you are.  Our verification service does this by matching information you provide against information held about you in its records, or, if necessary, by allowing you to submit documents proving your identity.
If you are the parent of a child under 13 years of age, you may also submit a request on behalf of your child.  In that event, we will ask you to provide your child’s email address, to verify your identity, and to submit a signed form authorizing us to proceed with the request regarding your child’s California Information.
You may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf.  To do so, we will require either (1) a valid power of attorney, or (2) signed written permission from you.  In the event your authorized agent is relying on signed written permission, we may also need to verify your identity and/or contact you directly to confirm permission to proceed with the request.
Your authorized agent can make a request by contacting us toll free at 833-WB-PRVCY (833-927-7829) or TTY: 833-PRVCY-TT (833-778-2988).
OUR SUPPORT FOR THE EXERCISE YOUR DATA RIGHTS
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment if you exercise any of
>span > rights explained in this section of the Privacy Policy
.  We are committed to providing you control over your California Information, we will not disadvantage you if you choose to exercise your rights.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS UNDER
16
YEARS OLD
CCPA has specific rules regarding the use of California Information from consumers under 16 years of age.  In particular, consistent with the CCPA, if we knowingly collect the California Information of a consumer under the age of 16, we will not sell the information unless we receive affirmative permission to do so.  If the consumer is between the ages of 13 and 16 years of age, the consumer may provide that permission; if the consumer is under the age of 13, the consumer’s parent or guardian must provide the permission. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not have actual knowledge that we sell California Information of consumers under 16 years of age.
If you would like further information on how we handle California Information from consumers under the age of 16 years of age, or if you have questions about these information practices, you may contact us at
wmprivacy@warnermedia.com
, or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 160, Burbank, CA 91522.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS UNDER 18 YEARS OLD
California Consumers who are registered users of the Sites and under 18 years of age may request removal of content or information they posted on the Sites. We will remove such content or information when we are required to do so by law. To request removal of content or information you posted on the Sites, you may contact us at
wmprivacy@warnermedia.com
, or at WarnerMedia Privacy Office, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 160, Burbank, CA 91522.
However, even if we remove the content or information that you posted, we cannot completely prevent further use or disclosure of that content or information by others once you have shared it in a publicly available forum.
UPDATES
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Notice. We will let you know about any material changes to this Privacy Policy by placing a sign on the website or app. We think it is a good idea for you to come back to this page once in a while to learn about how we protect your information.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.warnerbros.com/privacy/en-us/affiliates/:

Sub-policy 1
https://privacycenter.wb.com/ccpa-metrics:
The Warner Bros. Discovery Privacy Center is Not Available in Your Region

To learn more about your privacy rights, visit our
Privacy Policy
.
Sub-policy 2
https://privacycenter.wb.com/:
The Warner Bros. Discovery Privacy Center is Not Available in Your Region

To learn more about your privacy rights, visit our
Privacy Policy
.