Privacy Policy
Introduction:
SKIDOS is a platform that offers 70+ learning game apps for kids on Appstore and Playstore. At SKIDOS Labs (collectively referred to below as "skidos", "skidos learning"  "we", "us" or "our"), we understand that our apps are used and loved by families with children, and we are committed to keeping their data and privacy protected.
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our mobile applications and educational games and website and how we use that information. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, please contact us as set forth in "Contact Us" below.
We Collect Limited Information With Our Applications.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don't collect any information about you or your device except the following:
(i)
Opt-in Account Information
:
We may collect the information that you directly share with us to create your SKIDOS account. This includes your email address and other information only as permitted by you. This information helps us serve you better by providing regular updates of your children or student's reports and usage of our apps, to access important statistics of your children's learning performance within the app, with your email addresses used solely to send reports, newsletters and promotional updates. Other than this use of your email address, your information is never stored, shared or disclosed, and is used solely to provide the features within those applications.
(ii)
Non-personal information
about the duration the mobile application is used and how it is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within the mobile applications, which is used solely to enhance and improve our applications. We use a variety of third-party SDKs for the same, as listed here: WebEngage SDK (read privacy policy); Embrace SDK (read privacy policy); AppsFlyer SDK (read security policy); and Google Firebase SDK (read privacy policy).
(iii)
App crash reports
–
Debug information that will help us identify and resolve the root cause of any crashes that make it to a commercial build.
(iv)
Installs
–
We work with partners to learn how people find our apps. This means that when you download our apps, we may learn that you came from a certain website (a review site, a web advertisement, our company web page, etc). We may also collect a Facebook token if you are a Facebook user, but only to see whether folks installed our app from one of our Facebook ad campaigns. We track installations to understand how we can introduce more parents to our products, and we make sure that our partners never use your personal information for any other purpose.
Push Notifications
For our iOS applications, we may send push notifications if the user opts in to receive them. Apple's push notification process automatically provides us with a token which is identified to a specific device, enabling notifications to be sent to that device through Apple's push notification service. The token is used only to send push notifications. The token is not disclosed and is not used for any other purpose or combined with any other information. We send push notifications to communicate information about how to interact with our applications. Notifications can be turned off through the "Notifications" tab within iOS "Settings."
Cookies
SKIDOS uses cookies in order to personalize your navigation, as well as to protect and improve the website. Please read this Cookie Policy carefully to learn about SKIDOS use of cookies and the options you have to configure your browser to manage them.
We Comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Our apps are intended for children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Our mobile applications comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at, or raise a ticket at
https://support.skidos.com/
Mailing address
Skidos Labs ApS
,
Titangade 11, SingularityU
2200, Copenhagen, Denmark
CVR: 372129