Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how we EpiCoro, d.o.o. collect and process your personal data when you access and play our games.
By installing and using the application, you consent to this Privacy Policy and the collection, use and sharing of the personal data described in this Policy.
If you do not agree, do not install the application or use the application.
If you are under the age of 13, you will not be able to use the applications and services.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Facebook
Appodeal
Unity
GameAnalytics
One Signal
AppLovin
Vungle
AdColony
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Data deletion requests
To delete user data collected by
EpiCoro, d.o.o.
, please reach out to
info@epicorogames.com.
If you also want to request the deletion of the data that may have been collected about you or your device by our third-party partners that are acting as independent data controllers, you will find below the contact for each partner and the link to the relevant section of their privacy policies:
GameAnalytics:
email:
privacy@gameanalytics.com
privacy policy:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy/#6-changing-or-deleting-your-information
Facebook Analytics:
email: none, please refer to the privacy policy
privacy policy:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Adjust:
email:
privacy@adjust.com
privacy policy:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
Voodoo:
Voodoo does not collect any of your personal data and only provides an SDK package to retrieve the data collected by the above-mentioned partners. You can still contact them to request the deletion of their access to the partners’ interfaces.
email:
dpo@voodoo.io
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@epicorogames.com.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-10-19