Privacy Policy
Welcome to APPSCANFOOD.COM Privacy Policy. Our apps are designed and developed with special attention to the privacy.
The privacy policy was last updated Jun 08, 2023.
APPSCANFOOD.COM may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or different features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently.
Our Privacy Policy describes the information collected by our company APPSCANFOOD.COM through our mobile applications and the use of the information. This notice describes APPSCANFOOD.COM privacy policy as it pertains to the website at www.APPSCANFOOD.COM («Website») and any mobile applications of any kind distributed by APPSCANFOOD.COM («Apps,» together with the Website, «APPSCANFOOD.COM»).
We do not collect any personal information from children with our Apps.
When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t require you to provide any information and we don’t collect any information about you or your device, except for nonpersonal information about the duration the App is used and how the App is used, such as the screens viewed and actions taken within our mobile applications.
We do not give out any nonpersonal information to anybody outside our company.
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act («COPPA»). We don’t knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request or through any feedback, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.
When you request support, you may send us an email or contact us via our support page on our website.
We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about the use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request («Support Information»). We use Support Information only.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We use your email address only for the purpose of sending the newsletter to you. We provide a free, optional newsletter that parents can elect to receive by submitting a request on our website. Our collection of email addresses to send newsletters is made under Section 312(c)(3) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013, which require that we notify you that:
We are collecting the email address for the sole purpose of sending the newsletters;
We use the email address solely for that purpose and the email address is not combined with any other information;
You may unsubscribe from receiving the newsletter at any time. (Our newsletter is provided through our third-party service providers. For this reason, we share your email address with them for the sole purpose of fulfilling newsletter subscriptions.); We don’t rent or sell your email address.
This app is uploading users Image information on servers. These Images are indicative of the user's weight loss progress and are not to be shared and kept secure. These Images are only for the user to see the changes
Cookies
When you visit our website, we may send cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking usage information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.
Subscription
If your free trial preriod is over. To continue, buy a subscription. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
Links
We may provide links and/or connections to third-party websites («Third-Party Websites») or services from our website (we don’t allow links within our mobile applications). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party sites. You use all links in Third-Party Websites at your own risk. When you leave our Website, our Privacy Policy no longer govern.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at appscanfood.com@gmail.com.
Copyright © 2023 APPSCANFOOD.COM
All rights reserved.