Sticky
Home
Create
Games
Clubs
More
Trading
Develop & Publish
Earn Money
Sticky Privacy Policy
Sticky (“we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the data we collect, use, and share in connection with the Sticky applications, website and services (our
"Service"
). Before using Sticky, making any purchase on Sticky, or submitting any content for inclusion in Sticky, please read this Privacy Policy, the Sticky Terms of Use & License Agreement, and the Sticky Guidelines carefully.
By proceeding, you certify you have read and agree to these documents.
Types of Data We Collect.
“Personal Data” means data that allows someone to identify a person individually, including, for example, a
person's
name and email address. “Anonymous Data” means data, including aggregated and de-identified data, that does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data as described below.
Information You Provide to Us.
We collect Personal Data you provide to us through contacting us, creating or updating an account with our Service, and through your use of our Service, including creating or publishing content on it, requesting support or providing feedback, or requesting account verification or eligibility for payments. This may include your name, email address, phone number, profile photo, user or device identification numbers, content you create or publish (including text, comments, messages, images, videos and interactive content such as games or apps), connections with other users, and addresses, copies of documents and payment data provided for verification or payment eligibility.
Information Collected via Technology.
As you navigate through and interact with our Service, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Information Collected by Our Servers. To provide our Service and make it more useful to you, we (or a third party service provider) collect information from you, including, but not limited to, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, mobile device ID, and date/time stamps.
Log Files. As is true of most websites and applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Service, track
users'
movements around the Service, and better tailor our Services to our
users'
needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Service, it will recognize you and the information can be used to personalize your experience.
Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to analyze how users interact with our Service, make improvements to our product quality, and provide users with a more personalized experience.
Pixel Tag. In addition, we use “Pixel Tags” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags allow us to analyze how users find our Service, make the Service more useful to you, and tailor your experience with us to meet your particular interests and needs.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals. Our systems do not currently recognize “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that might enable Users to opt out of tracking on our site.
Analytics Services. In addition to the tracking technologies we place like Cookies and Pixel Tags, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit our Service. This includes third-party analytics services (“Analytics Services”) that we engage to help analyze how users use the Service. The information generated by the Cookies or other technologies about your use of our Service (the “Analytics Information”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity, which we may receive on an individual or aggregate basis. We use the information we get from Analytics Services to improve our Service. The Analytics Services may also transfer information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf. Each Analytics
Services'
ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics
Services'
terms of use and privacy policy. By using our Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Information Collected from Third-Parties and Publicly
We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from companies that offer their products and/or services for use in conjunction with our Service or whose products and/or services may be linked from our Service, or that is publicly available. This may be associated to the data we have already collected from or about you through our Service.
Use of Your Personal Data.
We process your Personal Data to run our business, provide the Service, personalize your experience on the Service, and improve the Service. Specifically, we use your Personal Data to:
facilitate the creation of and secure your account;
identify you as a user in our system;
provide you with our Service, including, but not limited to, helping you view, explore, play and create games, videos, clubs and virtual items using our tools and, at your own discretion, publish content to other users and connect directly with others to chat, purchase, sell, or transfer virtual services or items;
improve the administration of our Service and quality of experience when you interact with our Service, including, but not limited to, by analyzing how you and other users find and interact with the Service;
provide customer support and respond to requests and inquiries;
investigate, detect, prevent, and address conduct that may violate our Terms of Service or policies and/or any fraud or harmful or unlawful activity;
send you notifications related to the Service, including administrative notifications and promotion of our and third
parties'
goods and services;
comply with applicable laws, cooperate with investigations by law enforcement or other authorities of suspected violations of law, and/or to pursue or defend against legal threats and/or claims; and
act in any other way we may describe when you provide the Personal Data.
We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may improve our Services and enhance Service navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and to disclose Anonymous Data to third parties without restriction.
Disclosure of Your Personal Data.
We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Publicly
The Service includes publication features (for example, allowing users to publish videos and games) which make data available publicly, including on the internet, and other networks such as blockchains. The act of publication may be irreversible, by allowing third parties to make copies of your data, or through the design of the network.
Other Users of the Service
To inspire trust among users interacting on our Service, we may require users to show their real information on their user profiles, such as their name, image, city, country and age.
The Service includes both one-to-one and one-to-many social and communication features whereby your information may be shared with other users.
Third Party Service Providers.
We may share your Personal Data with third party service providers to: provide technical infrastructure services; conduct quality assurance testing; analyze how our Service is used; prevent, detect, and respond to unauthorized activities; provide technical and customer support; and/or to provide other support to us and to the Service.
Affiliates.
We may share some or all of your Personal Data with any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under our common control (“Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Restructuring.
Legal Rights.
Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Sticky may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas, warrants, or other legal process served on Sticky Marketplace; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Sticky Marketplace or users of the Service; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Service.
Other Disclosures.
Browser Features and Third-Party Content
Our Service includes features which allow you to view and interact with third-party content in a screen or window from the Service, including but not limited to
'Browser'
features, much like you can open a file, video or website in a web-browser or file-editor. The Service may therefore contain links to third-party content, including but not limited to documents, files, videos, games, websites and apps. Within this third-party content, another entity may collect Personal Data from you. We carry out a limited review of some third-party content published on the Service, but ultimately have no direct control over, and cannot be responsible for these third-party websites and content providers. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy may not apply to these third-party websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such third-party websites or content. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website, game, app or other content you visit. Any links to third-party content or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content, or websites.
Your Choices Regarding Information.
You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Services:
Email Communications : We may periodically send you newsletters and/or emails that directly promote the use of our Service or third parties' goods and services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive. Despite these preferences, we may send you occasional transactional service-related informational communications.
Cookies : If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser's technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service.
Data Access and Control.
You can view, access, edit, or delete your Personal Data for certain aspects of the Service via your Settings page. You may also have certain additional rights:
If you are a user in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom, you have certain rights under the respective European and UK General Data Protection Regulations (“GDPR”). These include the right to (i) request access and obtain a copy of your personal data; (ii) request rectification or erasure; (iii) object to or restrict the processing of your personal data; and (iv) request portability of your personal data. Additionally, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). These include the right to (i) request access to, details regarding, and a copy of the personal information we have collected about you and/or shared with third parties; (ii) request deletion of the personal information that we have collected about you; and (iii) the right to opt-out of sale of your personal information. As the terms are defined under the CCPA, we do not “sell” your “personal information.”
If you wish to exercise your rights under the GDPR, CCPA, or other applicable data protection or privacy laws, please contact us at
contact@getstic.ky
, specify your request, and reference the applicable law. We may ask you to verify your identity, or ask for more information about your request. We will consider and act upon any above request in accordance with applicable law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
Notwithstanding the above, we cannot edit or delete any information that is stored on a blockchain, for example the Ethereum blockchain, as we do not have custody or control over any blockchains. The information stored on the blockchain may include purchases, sales, and transfers related to your blockchain address and NFTs held at that address.
Data Retention.
We may retain your Personal Data as long as you continue to use the Service, have an account with us, or for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may continue to retain your Personal Data even after you deactivate your account and/or cease to use the Service if such retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms or other agreements, and/or protect our legitimate interests. Where your Personal Data is no longer required for these purposes, we will delete it.
Data Protection.
We care about the security of your information and use physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected through our Service. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems. In the event that any information under our custody and control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take steps to investigate and remediate the situation and, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised.
The Service may include social and communication features. Such features are provided for fun, as complements to the main functions of the Service. The Service is not intended to be a general-purpose communication service, and communication, including one-to-one messages, may not be encrypted and may be visible to us. Do not use the
Service's
communication features for sharing sensitive information.
Minors.
We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13. Our Terms of Service require all users to be at least 13 years old. If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Sticky and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at contact@getstic.ky.
Users Outside of the United States.
If you are a non-U.S. user of the Service, by visiting the Service and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your Personal Data, you consent to such transfer.
Changes to This Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Service and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Questions; Contacting Sticky; Reporting Violations.
If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at contact@getstic.ky.