Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Pulse Labs, Inc. Privacy Notice
Updated on July 16, 2023.
Pulse Labs, Inc. (“Pulse Labs”) respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may collect from you when you visit pulsegrow.com or other Pulse Labs websites or use our mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”), how we use the information we collect, with whom we share it, how we protect it, and the choices we offer you regarding our collection and use of such information.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. By using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Notice, please do not use the Site.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may collect personal information from you, meaning information about you that can uniquely identify you, if you choose to provide us with such information. We may also collect information about you that does not uniquely identify you if you choose to provide us with such information. For example, if you register on the site or purchase Pulse Labs products, we may collect your email address, telephone number, state of residence, zip code, and other information. Additionally, when you access the Site using a mobile device, we may collect and process real-time information about the location of your device if you consent to allow us to do so.
We may use the information we collect to:
Process and complete your transactions including, as applicable, order confirmation, billing, enrollment in our membership or other programs, and delivering products.
Customize the content and/or layout of our Site for each individual member, including providing you with personally tailored special offers, programs, and promotional information.
Contact members regarding their orders or accounts.
Register members to receive emails or other information or materials they request.
Respond to questions and comments and provide customer support.
Communicate with members about our promotions and other services, and provide information to you about programs, products, or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or share with you special offers from specially selected business partners of ours.
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business and the products and services we offer.
Enforce our Terms & Conditions and other agreements.
Comply with applicable legal requirements or obligations and industry standards.
We may enable you to sign into the Site via social networks or access social networks through the Site. If you do so, your use of the social network is governed by such social network’s terms and conditions and privacy policies. If you sign into the Site via a social network or access a social network through the Site, you may be asked to grant Pulse Labs access to certain information from your social network profile. We may use this information to help you personalize your experience with the Site, to suggest new features and content that may be relevant to you, or for statistical or other business purposes.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
We may enable third parties to collect information in connection with our Site. This Privacy Notice does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, any collection of information by third parties on our Site.
Cookies
When you visit the Site, we may also collect certain information by automated means, such as through the use of cookies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. We also may use third-party website analytics tools (such as Google Analytics), that collect information about user traffic on the Site. The information we collect by automated means may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Information about the devices you use to access the Internet (such as the IP address and the type of the device, operating system, and web browser).
Dates, times, and duration of visits to the Site (including whether you are a registered member or first time visitor).
Information on actions taken on the Site (such as page views and site navigation patterns).
We use cookies to store members’ preferences, record session information, record user-specific information on what pages members access or visit on the Site, alert members to new information that we think may be of interest to them when they return to our Site, and customize web page content based on a member’s browser type or other information we collect.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Your web browser may let you choose your preference as to whether you want to allow websites to collect personal information over time about your online activities across different websites or online services. At this time our Site does not respond to the preferences you may have set in your web browser regarding the collection of your information, and our Site may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice.
Information We Share
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction. We may disclose your personal information to our contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. We may also disclose your personal information to: (i) comply with court orders, laws, or legal process, including to respond to government or regulatory requests; (ii) enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions and other agreements; and/or (iii) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
We may also disclose your personal information to a buyer or other transferee in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, sale, or other transfer of some or all of our assets. Should such a sale, merger, or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Notice.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Your web browser may let you choose your preference as to whether you want to allow websites to collect personal information over time about your online activities across different websites or online services. At this time our Site does not respond to the preferences you may have set in your web browser regarding the collection of your information, and our Site may continue to collect information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice.
Your Choices
Marketing Emails
Individuals who have elected to receive Pulse Lab’s informational emails can choose to opt-out at any time by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each email.
Cookies
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all of the Site’s features.
Location Information
You can restrict our collection and use of real-time information about your device’s location through the device’s privacy settings.
Web Analytics
You may opt-out of the aggregation and analysis of data collected about you on our Site by our web analytics vendor by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Accessing Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Site and visiting the Account section.
Children Under the Age of 13
The Site is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from, anyone under the age of 21. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from anyone under the age of 21, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about anyone under the age of 21, please contact us.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or our privacy practices, please email us via the contact information below:
Pulse Labs, Inc.
929 W. Spruce Ave
Inglewood, CA 90301
info@pulsegrow.com
Made in USA
Live US Based Support
Free US Shipping
No-Hassle Returns
Satisfaction Guaranteed
What are you looking for?
Top suggestions
Your cart is currently empty.
Your cart is currently empty.