Privacy Policy
Published on：2020/02/20
Life Explorer(the "Software", "App" or "Service") is operated by [XUNTONGWUXIAN (Guangzhou) Network Technology Co., Ltd]("we" or "us"), we respect your privacy and have developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how it may be used, with whom it may be shared, and your choices about such uses and disclosures. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using our application(our "Software" or "App") or services (our "Services"). By using our Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
1.Information We Process and
Purposes of Processing Your Information
Information that you submit to the Software
1)User Information
In order to use some features including but not limited to Love Recorder, Love Countdown and Love Journey, you may voluntarily to provide certain information  to the Software, such as your nickname; gender identity; anniversary date.
2)Support Related Information
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may also collect your email address, name and any information voluntarily submitted by you in connection with such support (for example, your name, company name, and particular support query or request). Such information will only be used to provide you with support services and will not be connected with any other information collected from you on or through the Software and Services, including, any individual User ID (as defined below) generated or collected by us. When you use the Software and Services, we automatically generate an anonymous internal user ID (which does not personally identify you), which is assigned to your use of the Software and Services (the "User ID") and may be combined with any of the above information.
3)Camera and Photos
In order to use some of the features of the Software, you may voluntarily grant us the permission to access to the camera or photo album to obtain photo in your mobile device.
4)Facial Features Information
When you use certain face recognition function, you may choose to grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album.
We will process the facial features data in the photos, analyze the information on the photos, automatically capture the position and shape of the five sense organs in the photos, and feedback the effect drawing to you.
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information, we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
The purpose of processing facial features information is only to operate the face recognition functions of the App. For such facial features information, photo and effect drawing, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties.
Information that is processed automatically
1)Technical Information.
We may use API provided by Apple to collect certain technical information regarding your device, and your use of the Software and Services, including the type, name and version of operating system : (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID ; (iv) location; (v) Apple ID.
2)Payment data.
We may use API provided by Apple to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites:  https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
2.How We Use Your Information?
1)The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
To operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features;
To improve and customize the Software and the Service;
To maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software;
To provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback;
To take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service;
To comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2)If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
3.How Your Information May be Shared?
1.We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.
2.We will not rent or sell your personal information to the third- party, but for your better use of the services provided by third-party organizations, we may share your information with third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or providing service to the Software. We do not have power to control or influence these third- parties'tracking technologies or how they may be used. Therefore, if you do not want to share your personal information with any third-party organizations, please do not use such service provided by that third-party organizations.
The Software may contain links to third-party websites/services or you may access the Software from a third-party site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party sites or services linked to or from our Software, including the information or content contained within them.
3.We may disclose your personal information if it needed for objective reasons, due to public interest or in other unforeseen circumstances:
as required by law;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
4.Changes to this Privacy Policy
As the App evolves, we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information. By continuing to access or use the App after changes of this Privacy Policy become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
5.Security
We pride ourselves on taking commercially reasonable security measures to help protect your information against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, or disclosure. We use reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls.
Unfortunately, no website or Internet transmission is ever completely 100% secure and even we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will never occur, but here are some handy tips to help keep your data secure:
a. Please make sure you log out of your Account after use as you never know who may stumble onto your Account;
b. Please don't share your social media password with anyone else!
c. Change your social media password periodically.
If you ever think someone has had access to your social media password, please report it to the relevant social media platform and change your password immediately. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal data while it is being transmitted to the App and any transmission is at your own risk.
WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY BREACHES OF SECURITY, DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE, OR ANY LOSS OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION OR OTHER DATA.
6.Transfer of Data Outside Your Territory
We work in the international space and provide the App to our users around the world. We and third party that provide automatic data processing technologies for the App or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world.
Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the App and/or Services. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
7.How Long We Use Your Personal Data
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the agreement between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your information that we physically access and store, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your Account.
However, some data may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
8.Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. In order to exercise this right, please contact us by email at
lifeexplorer2020@outlook.com
. If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA. To exercise these rights please contact us by email at:
lifeexplorer2020@outlook.com