Privacy Policy
Updated on August 29, 2023
Introduction
Your consent to the Privacy Policy means that you understand the functions provided by the app and the essential personal information required for the operation of the aforementioned functions, and give the corresponding authorization for collect and use of such information. This does not mean that you have separately agreed to the enabling of extra functions or the processing of your non-essential personal information; we will seek your consent separately for enabling extra functions or handling sensitive personal information according to your actual use.
I. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
In the process of using Protake software (
“Protake”) and relevant services (“Services”), personal information will be collected based on the principles of legitimacy, propriety and necessity. The personal information which we collected will be used for:
1. Guarantee the basic and proper operation of Protake;
2. Implement various kinds of functions and Services;
3. Optimize and improve Protake and Services;
4. Ensure the safety of using Protake and Services, and the safety of usage for users;
5. Comply with applicable laws, regulations and national standards.
The personal information you voluntarily provided in using Protake and Services, and generated from using Protake and Services will be collected as follows:
1. Camera Functions
When using Protake and Services:
(1) we need your permission to access your camera for recording videos. Please note that we will only collect your information by your camera when you are recording videos, even though we have your permission.
(2) we need your permission to access your microphone for recording videos. Please note that we will only collect your voice information by microphone when you are recording videos, even though we have your permission.
(3) we need your permission to access your album or storage for storing videos.
(4) we need your permission to access your location for recording your location information to videos.
(5) we need your permission to access Bluetooth for the connection and communication to phone gimbal devices.
(6) we will collect your model of device, operating system version, app version, device information (Android ID, MAC address, sensor data [gyroscope, gravity sensor, orientation sensor, accelerometer, linear acceleration]), device network environment info (IP address, WIFI info, Bluetooth info, device sensors, WLAN access point info such as SSID, BSSID, base station info and any other network related info). Please note that these information are the basic information for us to provide service and ensure the normal operation of Protake.
You can
tap here
to view the Documentation of App Permission Request & Usage.
2. Access to Protake and Services
Cell phone number can be used to authorize to log into Protake.
This information is only for login-related purposes. Your privacy will not be collected during the process.
3. Notifications
Whenever Protake announces a new service or function, we may send service notifications to you by means of pop-up or push notifications. If you're not willing to receive such notifications from us, you may turn off Protake's Push Notifications in your phone's System Preferences.
4. Ensure the safety of Protake, Services and the security of usage for users
To better understand the operation of Protake and the Services so as to ensure the safety of the operation and Services,
web logs information
(including purchase record, download record, video transmission connection info, IP address, client type, system type, system version, phone model, display language, date and time of access)
may be recorded. Information on the frequency of using Protake and Services, crash data, overall installation, aggregated data, performance data, etc. may also be recorded
.
II. Usage of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies and similar technologies are the general technologies which used on the Internet. When using Protake and Services, one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers may be sent to your device to collect and store the information during accessing and using Protake. Cookies or anonymous identifiers for authentication and security may be set to ensure the safe and efficient operation of Protake and Services, help us improve the efficiency of Services and the speed for login and response.
III. Delegation
We may delegate the processing of your personal information to authorized partners in order to enable them to provide certain services or perform functions for you on our behalf. We will only delegate your information to authorized partners for the lawful, legitimate, necessary, specific, and explicit purposes stated in this policy, and they will only have access to the information necessary to perform their duties. Moreover, we will restrict them by agreement from using this information for any other purpose beyond the scope of the delegation. If an authorized partner would like to use your information for a purpose that we have not delegated, they will seek your consent separately.
We are currently delegating to the following types of authorized partners:
Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We delegate information to the suppliers, service providers and other partners to process in order to provide our business with support, which includes: providing technical infrastructure services as per our commission, analyzing the usage of our services, providing customer services, facilitating payments or conducting academic research & surveys.
To ensure the stable operation and functional realization of our app, and to enable you to use and enjoy more services and functions, SDKs and/or other similar applications from our authorized partners are embedded within our app. We will conduct strict security checks on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) used by our authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree with our authorized partners on strict data protection measures to make them handle personal information in accordance with this policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
You can
tap here
to view details of the SDKs we implemented.
IV. How We Store Your Personal Information
(i) The Location of Information Storage
We will store the personal information generated or collected within the territory of the People
’
s Republic of China (“the PRC”) on servers situated in the PRC. We will not provide any of your personal information outside the PRC unless: we have obtained your separate consent, or for the fulfillment of a contract entered into with you, or to comply with any obligation under applicable laws and regulations.
(ii) The Duration of Information Storage
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this policy
, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law, for example: by a statute of limitation period, information about goods and services as well as corresponding transactions must be retained for no less than three (3) years from the completion date of the transaction.
We judge the duration of retention of personal information based on the following criteria:
1. Keeping information of completing a transaction related to you as well as the corresponding transaction and business records, in order to respond to your possible inquiries or complaints;
2. To ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
3. Whether you agree to a longer retention period;
4. Existence of other special agreements or legal and regulatory provisions regarding the retention period.
Upon the expiration of the retention period, we will delete or anonymize your personal information as required by applicable law.
V. How We Share, Transfer and Disclose Personal Information
Personal information will not be shared with, transferred or publicly disclosed to any third party without your prior authorization and consent. Or the personal information to share with, transfer or disclose has been anonymized, and none of third parties can re-identify the individual based on such information.
We will comply with our duty of prudent and evaluate the purpose of third parties when using such shared information, and comprehensively evaluate the capabilities of security of these partners. We will monitor the SDKs for software development and application program interfaces (APIs) which used by partners to obtain information so as to protect data security.
1. Share with third parties to implement relevant functions or services
When you use the payment service provided by a third party payment company,
the third party payment company needs to collect your name, bank card type & number, expiration date and cell phone number
. Refuse to provide above sensitive and personal information will only prevent you from using the certain functions, and other functions will not be affected.
2. Transfer personal information for acquisition, merger and restructuring
As the development of our business, we may involve in a merger, acquisition, and asset transfer, and your personal information would be transferred accordingly. Upon such changes, we will continue to protect or demand the successors of personal information to protect your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations and security standards by no less than those requirements in this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will demand such successors to re-obtain your authorization and consent.
3. Legal conditions to share with, transfer and public disclose personal information without consent
In accordance with laws and regulations of the PRC, the legal conditions without prior consent for sharing with, transferring, or publicly disclosing personal information are as follows:
(1) related to the performance of obligations under laws and regulations;
(2) directly related to national security and national defense security;
(3) directly related to public security, public health, and major public interests;
(4) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and sentence enforcement;
(5) for the purpose of protecting your or others' lives, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests, but your authorization and consent is hard to obtain;
(6) personal information disclosed to the public on your own;
(7) personal information collected from legally and publicly disclosed, such as licit news reports, government information publicity or other channels.
4. Discontinuation
If we discontinue products and/or services, we will promptly cease further collection of your personal information. We will send you a notice of discontinuation in the form of individual notices or announcements, and delete or anonymize all personal information we hold in relation to the discontinued products and/or services.
5. Exemptions from obtaining your authorized consent by law
Please understand that in the following cases, in accordance with applicable laws, regulations or national standards, your authorized consent is not required for the use of your personal information by our partners, or for the transfer or disclosure of your personal information by us:
(1) Necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract at your request;
(2) Necessary for the fulfillment of legal duties or legal obligations: we may share your personal information necessary for legal provisions, litigation or dispute resolution, or at the legal request of administrative or judicial authorities, or for any necessity of fulfilling other legal obligations;
(3) Necessary to respond to public health emergencies, or to protect the life, health and property of natural persons in emergency situations;
(4) To handle personal information within a reasonable scope in order to carry out acts such as news reporting and public opinion monitoring in the public interest;
(5) Processing personal information that you disclose on your own, or any other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed (e.g. lawfully disclosed personal information through lawful news reporting, government information disclosure, etc.) within a reasonable scope;
(6) Other cases stipulated by laws and regulations.
VI. How We Protect the Security of Personal Information
(i) We attach great importance to the security of your personal information, and we will endeavor to take reasonable security measures (including technical and management) to protect your personal information from disclosing, using, modifying, damaging, losing or leaking by using in an improper method or accessing without authorized.
(ii) We will protect your personal information by reasonable manners, such as encryption technology and anonymization processing at least as powerful as those by industry peers, and take security protection mechanisms to prevent your personal information by attacked maliciously.
(iii) We will establish a dedicated security department, a security management system, and a data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict system for data use and access to ensure only get authorized can access to your personal information, and to exert appropriate security audits of data and technology.
(iv) Despite we take above reasonable and effective measures and the comply with standards by relevant laws and regulations, we seek for your understanding that we cannot guarantee the data security through the website due to the technical limitations and the possibility of various malicious measures even when all efforts to strengthen security measures are exhausted in the Internet industry. We will do our best to ensure the security of your personal information. Please be aware and understand that the system and communication network you use to access our services may occur problems due to factors without our control. Therefore, we strongly recommend you to take proactive measures to protect the security of your personal information.
(v) We will formulate emergency disposal plans and immediately activate in case of occurs user information security events, and we will endeavor to prevent the further exacerbation of impact and consequences of such security events. Upon occurring user information security event (leakage, loss, etc.), we will promptly inform you, in accordance with laws and regulations, of: the basic facts and possible impact of the security event, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions to independently prevent and reduce the risk on your side, and remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the event-related situation via push notifications, emails, letters, SMS, etc. When individual notification is impossible, announcements will be issued in a reasonable and effective manner. Meanwhile, disposal of user information security events will be submitted in accordance with the requirements of relevant regulatory authorities.
(vi) We would like to remind you that personal information protection measures provided in this Privacy Policy only applicable Protake and Services. We have no abilities and obligations to protect your personal information when you provide your personal information to other software or website when you are browsing or using beyond Protake, although the links or guidance come from Protake.
VII. Your Rights
(i) Check and copy your information
You can check and copy your personal information within the app.
(ii) Change your personal information
You can change your mobile phone number in Protake directly through the function of Change Mobile Phone Number in Protake. After changing the mobile phone number, the original one will not receive related services.
(iii) Cancel your account information
You can cancel your account in Protake by sending an email to hello@dafork.com. You will receive a response within fifteen (15) working days. Before your cancellation, your personal identity, security status, device information, etc. will be verified. Confirmation of the above information will be made, followed by a reply or handling measures. Please know and understand that the act of canceling your account is irreversible. The Services will terminate immediately once you cancel your account.
VIII. Terms for Minors
Minors (under the age of 18) shall read under the supervision and guidance with their parents or other guardians, and the Privacy Policy shall be agreed by their parents or other guardians before using Protake and Services.
We protect the personal information of minors in accordance with the applicable PRC laws and regulations, and will only collect, use, share or disclose the personal information of minors as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of their parents or other guardians or as necessary to protect them. If we believe that personal information of minors has been collected without verifiable prior consent by their parents, we will manage to delete relevant information as soon as possible.
Guardians of minors can contact us per contact information listed in the Privacy Policy upon questions about the personal information of minors.
IX. Amend to the Privacy Policy and Notification
To provide better services, we will update and change Protake and Services from time to time. Thus, the Privacy Policy will be updated and change accordingly. Such amendment will form a part of the Privacy Policy and have the same effect as the Privacy Policy. Your rights under the current effective version of Privacy Policy will not be undercut without your explicit consent.
For material changes, we will also provide more prominent notice (including notification by issuing a public announcement or providing you with a pop-up alert).
Material changes hereto include, but are not limited to:
1. When the business model of the product, e.g. the purpose of handling personal information, the type of personal information handled, and the manner in which personal information is used, has changed significantly;
2. When the main party of this Privacy Policy changes due to business restructuring, transaction mergers and acquisitions, and the new main party after acquisition changes the original purpose and methods of processing personal information stated hereto;
3. A change in the main party whom we share personal information with or publicly disclose to;
4. Significant changes in the rights of users' personal information and the manner in which they exercise them;
5. When the contact information and complaint channels of the person in charge of handling personal information protection change;
6. When a personal information protection impact assessment report shows the existence of a significant impact on personal rights and interests within the product.
We will also archive older versions of this Privacy Policy on a dedicated page for your review.
X. How to Contact Us
Upon any questions, comments or suggestions about the contents of this Privacy Policy, or any doubts on personal information protection, please contact us by sending emails to hello@dafork.com. Generally, we will respond within fifteen (15) working days.
XI. Others
(i) The title, Privacy Policy, is for convenience and reading purposes only, and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Privacy Policy.
(ii) Definition of terms related to this Privacy Policy.
1. Protake and Services refer to the products and services provided through the client-side bearing the name of Protake legally owned and operated by Beijing Lingguang Zaixian Information Technology Limited and its related parties.
2. Related parties refer to any company, institution or legal representative of such company and institution that one party controls now or will control in the future. Control means the ability directly or indirectly owned to influence the management of the company mentioned through ownership, voting shares, contracts or other legally recognized means.