We're sorry but Litmatch doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
About
Community
Safety
Legal
Privacy Policy
Last updated: November 1, 2024
This Privacy Policy for CONSTRUCT TECHNOLOGY PTE.LTD (referred to as “CONSTRUCT” “we” ”us” or “our”), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share (“process”) your information when you use our service (“Services”).
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
lit@litatom.com
.
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2.
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
5.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
6.
DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
7.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
9.
REGIONAL PRIVACY DISCLOSURE
10.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
11.
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
12.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS MINORS
13.
NO ERROR FREE PERFORMANCE
14.
HOW TO CONTACT US?
1.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal Information Provided by You. We collect personal information that you provide to us when you register on the Services, express an interest in obtaining information about us or our product and Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise when you contact us.
The personal information we collect may include the following:
Phone numbers
Email address
Usernames
Passwords
Birthday
Gender
Information we receive from others. The other users may provide information about you as they use our Services, such as they interact with you or if they submit a report involving you.
Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information
Communication Information. We may collect your name, contact information, and the contents of message you send to us in the case that you communicate with us by email, in-app, or other method.
Social Media Login Data. We may provide you with the option to register with us using your existing social media account details, like your Facebook, TikTok, or other social media account. If you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called “HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS” below.
Application Data. If you use our application, we also may collect the following information if you choose to provide us with the access or permission. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device’s settings.
Geolocation Information. We may request access or permission to track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide certain location-based services.
Mobile Device Access. We may request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your mobile device’s camera, microphone, and other features.
Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating systems, version information and system configuration information, device and application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware model internet service providers and/or mobile carrier, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Push Notifications. We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or certain features of the application.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our application, for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Automated technologies or interactions. See “Cookie Policy” for details of how we may automatically collect your personal data.
2.
HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services, including:
To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user account. We may process your information so you can create and log in to your Litmatch account, as well as keep your account in working order.
To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to user. We may process your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquires/offer support to users. We may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested services.
To send administrative information to you. We may process your information to send you details about our products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.
To fulfill and manage your orders. We may process your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments made through the Service.
To request feedback. We may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of the Service.
To protect Litmatch. We may process your information as part of our effort to keep Litmatch safe and secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.
To save or protect an individual’s vital interest. We may process your information when necessary to save or protect individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Affiliates. We may share information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Service providers, contractors, and other third parties who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them. These services may include fulfilling orders, processing payments, customization of content, analytics, security, supporting our Services functionality, and other features offered through our Services. These service providers may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes. This may also include sharing your account information (such as your account information, purchase orders, purchase history, and your device ID) with third-party payment channels for the purpose of processing refunds.
Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, posts, or other content to the Services) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Services, such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly made available outside the Services in perpetuity. If you interact with other users of our Services and register for our Services through a social network (such as TikTok), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Services, and view your profile.
Legal Authority. We access, preserve and share your Personal Information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; or (e) to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Website or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, at our sole discretion.
With Your Consent/At Your Request. We may ask for your consent to share your information with third parties. In any such case, we will make it clear why we want to share the information.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We also may share aggregated information with third parties for conducting general business analysis. This information does not contain any Personal Information and may be used to develop content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest.
4.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
Our servers are located in Hong Kong If you are accessing our Services from outside Hong Kong, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored by, and processed by us in our facilities and in the facilities of the third parties with whom we may share your personal information in Hong Kong, and other countries.
5.
HOW DO WE HANDLE YOUR SOCIAL LOGINS?
If you choose to register or log in to our services using a social media account, we may have access to certain profile information about you. It may include your name, email address, friends list, and profile picture, as well as other information you choose to make public on such a social media platform.
We do not control and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third-party social media provider. We recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preference on their sites and apps.
6.
DATA RETENTION AND DELETION
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legal basis and as permitted by applicable law.
If you want to delete your account, you may submit your request via the following method:
In-App request: you may go to Litmatch, click on “Settings” - “Account” - “Delete Account”
We will make sure that your account is no longer viewable in Litmatch once your account is successfully deleted. It will take 30 days for us to delete your personal information. Your request will be deemed as canceled if you log-in your account during the 30 days.
When your account is deleted we will delete all of your personal information unless:
(1)For the purpose of compliance with applicable law: for example your payment information. If you make purchase within Litmatch, certain personal data may be kept for our tax and accounting purposes. If you would like to delete your information in the third party payment service provider, you should contact them directly.
(2)If there is an ongoing matter, such as outstanding issues, investigations, claims or disputes, that require resolution, we may need to retain the relevant information including but not limited to your phone number, email address and your geographic information.
(3)Legitimate business interests: To prevent fraud and enhance user safety and security, we may need to retain information. For example, the device ID may be kept to prevent a user who has been banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new account.
Please note that even if you remove certain information from your profile or delete your Account, it's possible that others may still be able to view or access that information. This could be due to the fact that the information was previously shared with others, or it may have been copied or stored by others. Unfortunately, we have no control over this and cannot be held liable for any such occurrences.
7.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, the transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only access the Services within a secure environment.
8.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We strive to provide you with rights and choices regarding your personal information, including the right to close your account and delete your personal information. You may have certain statutory rights in relation to your Personal Information base on your location. For example, you may have the right to:
Access your Personal Information and information relating to how it is processed. We have made this information available to you without having to request it by including it in this Privacy Policy.
Access to a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you. Where applicable, we will provide the information in a portable, machine readable, readily usable format.
Delete your Personal Information from our records.
Rectify or update your Personal Information.
Transfer your Personal Information to a third party (right to data portability).
Restrict how we process your Personal Information.
Withdraw your consent—where we rely on consent as the legal basis for processing at any time.
Object to how we process your Personal Information.
Lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
Opt-out of marketing-related emails and other communications.
Opt-out of selling personal information and sharing for targeted advertising.
You can choose not to provide us with certain Personal Information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member, or purchase products or services,  or promotion, or survey, or ask a question.
To make a request, please contact us at
lit@litatom.com
. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify all relevant background. To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access or making corrections to your information. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. If the request if unlawful or invalid, or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy or other rights of someone else, we may reject your request.
You can stop all information collection by Litmatch by uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. Remember that uninstalling an app does NOT close your account.
If you reside in European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information.
9.
REGIONAL PRIVACY DISCLOSURE
We are considered the “data controller” of the “personal data” (as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation) we handle under this Policy, responsible for deciding how to collect, use, and disclose personal data, subject to applicable law. To extent the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom apply, our legal grounds for using, sharing, or disclosing your personal data are as follows:
Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose personal data to honor our contractual commitments to you.
With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose personal data on the basis of your consent.
Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose personal data on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues.
Legal Compliance: We need to use and disclose personal data in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations.
Vital Interests. We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
Residents of Nevada, United States.
You have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to unaffiliated parties. You can exercise this right by contacting us as described in the “Contact Us” section below with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. We do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Residents of California, United States.
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we also have to provide you with the “categories” of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose for business or commercial purposes (as “categories” are defined by the CCPA).
A. In the twelve months leading up to the effective date of this Policy, we have collected and disclosed the categories of personal information described in Article 1 for business or commercial purposes. The categories of personal information are: identifiers, payment information, commercial or transactional information, audio or video information (such as pictures and videos you input), other information about you that you may provide to us voluntarily, other information that may identify you, and inferences drawn from the information we collect.
B. We also collect the following categories of “sensitive personal information,” as defined under the CCPA: (i) account log-in and password or other credentials that allow access to your account; and (ii) other sensitive personal information you may voluntarily provide to us in your capacity as an individual user of the Services (e.g. if you voluntarily input information revealing your race, religion, or sexual orientation).
C. We process the categories of personal information identified above for the purposes as described in more detail in Article 2 above.
D. We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Services; and (3) other parties such as other users and through unaffiliated parties.
E. We describe our information disclosure practices in more detail in Article 3, above.
F. The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” or “share” personal information. Where we refer to “sell” or “share” (or their variants) in quotes, we are referring to those terms as uniquely defined in the CCPA.
a. We may use third-party analytics services and online advertising services that may result in the “sharing” of online identifiers (e.g., cookie data, IP addresses, device identifiers, general location information, and usage information) with advertising partners to advertise the Services on other websites. If you or your authorized agent would like to opt out of our “sharing” of your information for such purposes, you may do so by using the tools described in the section above on Tailored Advertising, which are also available here.
b. We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 18.
G. We do not respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations, and solutions.
H. Retention of your personal information:Please see the Data Retention section above.
I. California residents can make requests about their personal information as described as set forth in Article 8. The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA.
Resident of Virginia, United States
The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (hereafter “VCDPA”) provides Virginian consumer residents who reside in Virginia with specific rights regarding their personal data. In addition to the general Privacy Policy herein, this section describes your VCDPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
The following does not apply to de-identified or aggregated personal data or data publicly available, which are not considered personal information since they do not identify any individual.
A.As a Virginia resident, you have the following rights, subject to some exceptions, regarding your personal data effective as of January 1st, 2023:
Right to Confirm if a Controller is processing your personal data and to access personal data.
Right to Correct inaccurate personal data.
Right to Delete.
Right to Obtain a copy of personal data in a portable format.
Right to Opt-Out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising, sale, or profiling with legal or other significant effects.
Right to Appeal – Consumers have the right to appeal a controller's (i.e., business) denial to act within the time outlined in the VCDPA.
B.You may make a verifiable request to exercise your rights by contacting us by emailing us at
lit@litatom.com
.
Please note that the above rights depend on a few things, and we may refuse requests if there are exceptions under the applicable law:
If we cannot verify you (or your authority to act on behalf of another person) we have the right to deny the requests. While verifying your identity we generally avoid requesting additional information from you for verification purposes. If, however, we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request additional information from you, which shall only be used to verify your identity while you are seeking to exercise your rights under applicable law, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. We delete any new personal information collected for verification as soon as practical after processing your request, except as required to comply with applicable legislation.
An "authorized agent" means a natural person, or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State that you have authorized to act on your behalf, conditioned you have:
a.Provided the authorized agent written permission to do so, and we could verify this; and
b.verified your own identity directly with the business.
Subsection 1 does not apply when you have provided the authorized agent with a valid power of attorney.
We do our best to timely respond to a verifiable Individual, and in a portable format unless it is excessive, repetitive, or materially unfounded. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason thereof and the extension period in writing.
We may update this Privacy Policy or change it from to time, in particular, to address new features and functionality that we offer to our customers. We encourage you to check back here frequently to review what has changed. The most current version of this policy will govern our use of your data when posted and can be found on our website.
10.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time. Although we may attempt to notify you when major changes are made to this privacy policy, you are expected to periodically review the most up-to-date version found at our website or within the Services so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.
If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. You agree that you will periodically review this privacy policy and refresh the page when doing so. You agree to note the date of the last revision to our privacy policy. If the “last modified” date is unchanged from the last time you reviewed our privacy policy, then it is unchanged. On the other hand, if the date has changed, then there have been changes, and you agree to re-review our privacy policy, and you agree to the new ones. In all cases, your continued use of the Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
11.
NO RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES
This privacy policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any Personal Information relating to users of the Services.
12.
OUR POLICY TOWARDS MINORS
Our Services is not directed to persons under the age of 18. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available on the service.
13.
NO ERROR FREE PERFORMANCE
We do not guarantee error-free performance under this privacy policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this privacy policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our privacy policy. We shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this privacy policy.
14.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US?
If you have questions or comments about this Policy, you may email us at
lit@litatom.com
,  or by post to:
CONSTRUCT TECHNOLOGY PTE.LTD
15 SCOTTS ROAD
#03-12 15 SCOTTS
SINGAPORE (228218)
Download Now
About
About Us
Contact Us
Community
Community Guidelines
Party Rules
Post Guides
Safety
Safety Advice
Community Guidelines
Our Approach to Safety
Resource
ChildSafety
Legal
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Law Enforcement Guidance