For SimplyВook.me Users
For User's Clients
Terms & Conditions of SimplyBook.me system
These terms and conditions are effective from 06. August 2020 (updated since 21. January 2020)
For your convenience we provide you with translations of the English language version of these Terms&Conditions and Privacy Policy (collectively “SimplyBook.me Ltd. Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English version of these SimplyBook.me Ltd. Terms and the English version, the English version shall be controlling in all respects and shall prevail.
Definitions:
SimplyBook.me
services or
SimplyBook.me
system —  is a system provided by SimplyBook.me ltd that allows system users to get various business functionalities that help them to run their business. The SimplyBook.me system can run in Network of sites under various domain names, such as: SimplyBook.me, SimplyBook.it, SimplyBook.asia, 365bookings.cn, Booking.page, Timapantanir.is, BookingTroll.com, BookingTroll.eu and other names that offer the same services.
Service provider
or user —  Company or person that provides services, rents tools, equipment, space etc. and uses the SimplyBook.me system to accept and treat bookings online, send promotions, sell products and do other related things that helps them run their service business.
Client/s
or service buyer/s —  Clients can be any type of person that books an appointment or buys a product online with a service provider that has a user account with the SimplyBook.me system. This can for example be patient, student, or client.
User account
—  When person or company signs up with the SimplyBook.me system, they get a user account with the SimplyBook.me system. This account can be used to register service providers, services, products for sale, make promotions and do other business related things.
If you use the SimplyBook.me system or related sites, you agree to that you will not:
— violate any laws, third party rights or our policies;
— use our sites and tools if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18;
— fail to deliver services ordered from you, unless the buyer gets a refund or can get similar or same service at a different time and date agreed by both parties;
— interfere with other users' listings;
— post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, libelous content (including personal information) or use the service and site for link building purposes;
— take any action that may undermine feedback and/or ratings systems;
— distribute or post spam, unsolicited, or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
— distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm any visitors of the site;
— harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, credit cards without their consent.
Acceptable use policy and abuse
SimplyBook.me is a solution for service performers, and others that need to accept bookings for appointments, sell related services and products and make promotions to get more bookings. As such the SimplyBook.me service is ONLY intended for such usage and other unrelated usage is forbidden.
SimplyBook.me system should NOT be used for:
— Sending spam
— Unsolicited email or SMS
— Importing client list that users do NOT own and/or have NOT been gathered legally
The SimplyBook.me booking websites should NOT be used:
— to create back links to other pages;
— as advertisement for stuff unrelated to services provided by the user;
— to collect fees from users without the intention of providing the service.
Service providers should treat all client data with respect and appropriate privacy.
Users of the SimplyBook.me system can use intake forms to get additional information from clients. Please take care NOT to use the intake form to accept delicate personal or financial information. This information is not stored encrypted on servers like on rest encrypted SOAP data and should it happen that there is a break in into SimplyBook.me servers, this information could be exposed.
Users that enable the HIPPA custom feature and other users that collect and keep medical related about clients/patients should beware not to include any personal health related information (PHI) in email and text messages. SimplyBook.me removes service and client name automatically if the HIPAA medical custom feature is enabled. User is however able to manually add other fields and information into the messages that can be considered as PHI, but this is generally not allowed in most countries around the world as text messages and emails are not secure communication. Refrain from including any PHI, in any communication from the SimplyBook.me system.
Please report to us problems, policy violations and offensive content. SimplyBook.me wants to ensure that images and information used does not infringe the copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights of third parties. Please notify our support with the name of associated page if you are the owner of copyright material used on our sites. We will take necessary action if necessary.
We reserve the right to cancel unconfirmed accounts or accounts that have been inactive for more than 8 weeks with no login from account owner and do not have a valid paid subscription. Free account users need to renew their free subscription every month to keep the account active and avoid deletion. We reserve rights to modify or discontinue user accounts, that are affecting our system with unusual load, or usage that does not comply with our usage policy.
We reserve the rights to limit, suspend, or terminate our service and user accounts, prohibit access to any content, sites, services, or tools. We also reserve rights to remove hosted content, and take technical and legal steps to keep users off the sites if we think that they are creating problems or possible legal liabilities, infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, or acting inconsistently with the spirit of our policies.
We reserve the rights in the case of high volume of bookings to suspend the relevant system momentarily to try to equalize the server load. This can result in some of your users getting a message to try to book again in a few minutes. High load can for example be considered 50 people trying to process a booking with a user account in less than 30 seconds or sending more than 5.000 API requests per day with number of parallel requests to be limited by maximum 2 at same time and not exceed 5 requests per second on common servers. Also, to prevent too high load on servers from individual accounts all subscriptions levels have a maximum number users and providers as per pricing table. Enterprise level allows for higher limits. Common enterprise server has 25.000 per day API requests limit; while dedicated servers allow unlimited requests limited by server specifications.
We take no responsibility on the functioning of our booking widgets when inserted on external sites or in other external solutions. We cannot control if it will work or if it will stop working even if it was working before.
Children and minors under 18 years old are NOT allowed to create system accounts with us. If we find out that such accounts have been created they will be deleted. If parents find out that their children have created accounts with us, please send us relevant information with proof about the account creator so it can be deleted.
Client purchase protection
SimplyBook.me does not offer any purchase guarantees concerning client's payments for appointment bookings or service purchases or other product purchases from service providers. SimplyBook.me offers service providers a way to sell their services, and buyers, clients, patients a method to book these services. Service providers can use our tools to offer their clients to pay for services online. Buyers and service providers share the responsibility for making sure purchases and service orders facilitated by SimplyBook.me are in good spirit, rewarding and hassle-free.
We encourage buyers to work with sellers before opening a complaint with SimplyBook.me. We take no responsibility for wrongful service orders, services provided by service providers or services not provided by service providers even if they are purchased and paid for.
It is strongly recommended that buyers inform themselves about the service provider before booking with them and before paying online and for the service providers to make sure buyers are for real.
Fees
SimplyBook.me offers a free limited version of the system. If a service provider upgrades the service from the limited version provided by SimplyBook.me, relevant
fee schedule
will apply. You can find the pricing table on our main site and further details inside the admin interface of the SimplyBook.me system. You will be informed of fees before upgrading services to paid services. Commercial companies that register more than one system in Free version must pay fees according to basic package or higher per each registered system.
All purchases made in the system are final, and are not refunded.
We reserve the right to display our Booking.Page directory advertisement banner on booking sites of Free system accounts.
IMPORTANT:
When free system is upgraded to paid system, it is no longer possible to downgrade it back to free system. Users can still upgrade or downgrade between paid subscriptions.
Content and Data
When you upload and register content into the SimplyBook.me system, including information about you and your staff, and service providers working at your company or for you, you confirm that you have full rights and permission to publish this information for anyone, anywhere in the world to see. Additionally you grant us a nonexclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to publish this content on your booking website with SimplyBook.me, on the whole SimplyBook.me system (Network of SimplyBook.me sites) and on other partner sites such as but not limited to; our directories, other directories and Facebook sites and pages where clients can make bookings with you. Inside the SimplyBook.me system, you can select to only publish your information on SimplyBook.me booking websites and widgets by turning off the directory publishing.
Distribution of this content on directories, partner sites and FaceBook sites and pages is for increased visibility so clients can book directly with you from these places.
We have no interest in owning your material and this chapter is not intended to give us any such rights but only to make sure we have the rights to make your material appear on our sites, your booking sites with us, and in related directories that allow clients to make bookings with you and use our services. If you cancel your system with us, your material will be deleted from all our databases. Search engines, external sites and WayBack engines, may however still show your material for unknown time after you stop using our services, and how long they display it is not in our hands.
Account, Password and Security
Once you have created your user account, you should change your password in the admin interface of SimplyBook.me system in Manage // Users section. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and access to your account. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. For added security, SimplyBook.me offers users to enable double authentication, and HIPAA custom feature (often used for medical related information) that further improves security.
SimplyBook.me cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this policy.
Limitation of Liability
SimplyBook.me is not responsible for yours or other users' content, actions, or inactions. You acknowledge that our sites are venues to allow anyone to offer their services and for others to make reservations. We are not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers (service providers). While we may help facilitate the resolution of disputes we have no control over and do not guarantee the quality, safety, or legality of advertised services, the truth or accuracy of user's content or listings, the ability of sellers to provide services, the ability of buyers to pay for services.
We cannot guarantee continuous or secure access to our sites, services, or tools, and operation of our sites, services, or tools may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Accordingly, to the extent legally permitted, we exclude all implied warranties, terms and conditions. We are not liable for any loss of money, goodwill or reputation, or any special, indirect or consequential damages arising, directly or indirectly, out of your use of or your inability to use our sites, services, and tools.
SimplyBook.me may offer you to work with external partners that offer services that can enhance or help you with your business. If you choose to work with SimplyBook.me partners, please be informed of their own terms and conditions and privacy policies. SimplyBook.me takes no responsibility of any incidents that may happen in their systems that may lead to data leak or content distribution. SimplyBook.me is also not responsible if they stop providing their services, or if their service goes down or has any security breach.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or exclusion of damages, so such disclaimers and exclusions may not apply to you.
Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if we are found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) the total fees you paid to us in the 12 months prior to the action giving rise to the liability, or (b) 120USD.
Service provider’s Terms & Conditions and Privacy policy
You understand that as a service provider with a user account at the SimplyBook.me system you are required to supply your own terms and conditions and privacy policy for your own clients. In Custom features section, you will find the Terms & Conditions feature where you should insert both your terms for usage of your service, as well as your Privacy policy for the personal data of your clients. You should also consider publishing your cancellation policy.
Things you should consider including are for example:
For
Terms & Conditions
— Who is allowed to book your service, is there age limit
— How you expect payment to be performed
— What happens if client does not show up, is there refund or not
— What client can expect from your service
— What client can not expect from your service
— Where are you based
— Is client expected to show up earlier than planned service time
— What is your policy concerning product sales, returns, exchanges etc.
— If minors book services or buy products, how do you handle these cases
For
Privacy Policy
— How do you handle client’s / patients data
— How long do you store the data
— Why do you store it
— Do you allow anyone else to access it
— What kind of access are others allowed to client’s data
• For ads
• For some analysing
• Etc.
— Inform them, they can request deletion, update and access to all personal data you keep about them
— How will you be treating deletion and update requests
— What are you doing to protect their data (use double authentication, auto deletion of data after predefined time, auto screen lock etc.)
— What kind of communication can the client expect to come to him because he is registered with you. Will you use promotion system or only general notifications concerning appointment, will he be asked for feedback concerning your services. You can make changes on feedback and notification deliveries up as needed inside the SimplyBook.me system
— What systems are you using to store their data, here you should for example mention SimplyBook.me system, with link to our Privacy policy
— Who are the personal data protection authorities to contact in your country, if the client has concerns about his data
— How and how quickly will you inform users in case there is break in into your system
IMPORTANT. There may be other things that are necessary to include in your Terms & Condition and Privacy policy. Please get a proper legal opinion what is the right thing for you to include. The above bullet points are just suggestions and can not be considered legal advice.
Calls and SMS communication
By providing your work phone number to us or our Network of sites, you provide us with your consent and authorization to contact you including through SMS messages (text messages), calls (also using pre-recorded messages or artificial voice)  to provide you with information and offer you assistance regarding the service you have registered for on our site or network of sites.
Calls and/or SMS messages (including text messages) will only be placed or sent (as applicable) by us between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. in your time zone.
You understand standard Call, Text Message Rates may apply depending on your mobile carrier. Charges for calls and/or SMS messages (text messages) can appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted from your prepaid balance. You agree not to hold SimplyBook.me liable for any calls or fees generated by this service. You approve any such charges from your mobile carrier.
Please also note that for quality control and/or other purposes, we may listen to and/or record calls between you and our representatives with or without notice to you as permitted by applicable law.
Consent to these Call and SMS Terms is not a condition of purchase of our subscription or usage of our system free version. You can send us an email to
no-calls@simplybook.me
and you will be taken off our call list within 24 hours. You can also phone the calling number or inform the caller that you do not want to receive any more calls. Remark that your phone number may still appear on your booking site that we supply you with to accept appointments, in your booking widget that you can place on your website or in directories such as Booking.page, Google search results, or similar channels making it possible for others to see and call this number.
Support access
In case service providers contact SimplyBook.me support or buy set-up assistance package, they grant access for support agents to their admin interface in their SimplyBook.me system. If service providers want to restrict access to admin interface for support department, they can enable HIPAA custom feature or Double authentication. If users want to give SimplyBook.me support access to provide help when HIPAA or Google Authenticator feature is used (2-factor authentication is enabled), they need to especially get and give the relevant support person key for temporary access.
HIPAA Compliance
SimplyBook.me ltd is ONLY HIPAA compliant towards users (companies) that implement the Patient data protection (HIPAA) custom feature. This custom feature can be enabled in the custom feature section of the SimplyBook.me system. The custom feature specifically enhances the security for those who activate it. For example, our support personnel can not access systems of those who activate this custom feature. It masks names of patients and services in notifications as such notifications may go through email systems and text message system unencoded and could thereby display sensitive information to external parties. Other functions of the custom feature relate more to your operations and help you to set your own protocols to become HIPAA compliant. You can set the SimplyBook.me system so that it auto logs service providers off after a short predefined time to further prevent data access of external parties.
If you use the SOAP custom feature to register any client or patient information, you should use the encoded version so that all data stored there is encrypted at rest. This means that even if someone broke into SimplyBook.me system servers, they would still have no access to this delicate data. Only those with access key can access the data while also logged into the system. You must take care to store this access key in a safe place.
Remark that SimplyBook.me does NOT make the users of SimplyBook.me HIPAA compliant, it ONLY provides means to better secure access to the patients data.
You should to get help from relevant professionals to make your own organisation/company HIPAA compliant.
For double authentication, users are responsible to take care to have SMS (text message) credits on their account as they are used to help authorized persons to get a verification code to their phones to be able to login or they must use the Google authenticator and then there are no costs involved to get an access code.
Access and Interference
Information on the sites is updated on a real-time basis and is proprietary and/or is licensed to SimplyBook.me by our users or third parties.
You agree that you will not take any action that imposes or may impose (in our sole discretion) an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the sites, services, or tools, or any activities conducted on or with the sites, services, or tools.
No relationship
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer, or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
Privacy Policy
For a separate description of our privacy policy, see the SimplyBook.me
Privacy Policy
.
Introduction
SimplyBook.me ltd, provides an appointment and scheduling system, that has many additional features such as promotion and marketing system, sales system and client contact system.
If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and our system users who register as users of our system. See Data Processing Agreement for details about our relationship as Processor and Controller concerning the data subjects of Controller.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and system users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you visit our website.
Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. Upon signing up as a system user, you will be asked for information about your business. You can at any point in time, go to the System Settings, and choose to delete the system, and then all your data and all your client’s information will be deleted from our servers within 30 days.
In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refers to
SimplyBook.me ltd.
(21 Karaiskaki str., Oasis Center, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus)
In this policy “clients” refers to “clients”, “students”, “patients” or anyone that makes a booking with a user of the system.
In this policy “system” refers to the appointment booking solution supplied by SimplyBook.me ltd.
How we use your personal data
In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)	the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)	in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)	the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)	the legal basis of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and system ("
usage data
"). The usage data may include your company information, your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, subscription payments made, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your system use. The source of the usage data is are analytics tracking system such as Google Adwords, Google Analytics and similar. This usage data may be processed to understand better user’s behaviour to help us make the system better and to communicate with our users with usage hints. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, system, client service and system services.
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the System. For example, you provide your contact information when you register for the System. You also have the option of adding a profile photo, bio, and other details to your profile information to be displayed on your Service provider profile or on your Company profile with our system so that your clients can book services with you. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings. We may process your ("
account data
"). The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and used for communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is to be able to provide you with our system services so that you can display your information and sell services and products.
We may process your information included in your company profile in our system. ("
company info
"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, and other details that you add to your profile. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling your use of our website and services. This information is available on the user’s booking site, supplied by us, on a widget that may be inserted into own site or in Facebook. It may also be made available on our directory sites where all system users are displayed, unless they specifically opt out of being displayed there. The legal basis for this processing is to enable proper operation of the system and services.
We may process provider’s personal data that is provided in the course of the use of our services "
service provider data
". The provider data may include provider’s name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, and other details that is add to provider’s profile. The source of the service provider’s data is you, your employer, or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes. The service providers data may be processed for the purposes of operating the system so that clients can effectively book appointments online with providers and find and select the providers they need. This information is available on the user’s booking site, supplied by us, on a widget that may be inserted into own site or in Facebook. It may also be made available on our directory sites where all system users are displayed, unless they specifically opt out of being displayed there. The legal basis for this processing is to enable proper operation of the system and services.
We may process information that you create for your bookable services, products for sale, promotions, or as company information  ("
publication data
"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling your system to be processed for the purposes of operating the system so that clients can effectively book appointments online and purchase products and read about your business and service offering. The legal basis for this processing is to enable proper operation of the system and services.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us through email or live support  regarding the system and our services "
enquiry data
". The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of analysing our users problems and to make our system better.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website "
transaction data
". The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is legal requirements for proper accounting practices.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters "
notification data
". The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is your given consent to receive this communication.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us "
correspondence data
". The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless with their proper consent.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies, this means our subsidiaries, full time work contractor staff, such as live help, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, [Paymentwall, PayPal]. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
If you agreed on getting proposals from partners, we may disclose your enquiry data to one or more of those selected third party suppliers of goods and services enabling them to contact you so that they can offer, market and sell to you relevant goods and/or services. Each such third party will act as a data controller in relation to the enquiry data that we supply to it; and upon contacting you, each such third party will supply to you a copy of its own privacy policy, which will govern that third party's use of your personal data.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.[ We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
Remark that Google, Facebook and Paypal may store data in USA. But under the privacy shield agreement. See more about that here:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome
.
We and our other group companies and fixed contractors have offices and facilities in
Iceland, Cyprus and Ukraine
. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of Iceland and Cyprus. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission. No data transfer takes place to Ukraine other than your communication in the LiveAgent support system with your support related questions. This data is stored on LiveAgent servers in EU. Read more about LiveAgent privacy here:
https://www.ladesk.com/security-privacy-policy
. You can grant the live support staff limited one time access to your system, to help you out with issues by specifically granting them an access key.
The hosting facilities for our system are situated in France with OVH; Amazon and Google Cloud servers, based in EU, are used for backups. Our directory
Booking.Page
is hosted in Canada with OVH; when you allow publication of your
company info
,
service provider data
and
publication data
including company reviews in the Booking.Page directory you explicitly consent to transfer this data outside EEA. Read more about OVH security standards here:
https://www.ovh.com/world/about-us/security.xml
Our email servers are situated in UK with Linode. Read more about Linode security here:
https://www.linode.com/security
.
Our messaging platforms are Nexmo, Sendinblue and Google
https://www.nexmo.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy
https://privacy.google.com/
For statistics and analytics we use Google analytics, Hotjar, Piwik (self hosted in France).
We do not use this software to get personal data or relate it directly to users of our system. This is only used to give us overall overview on how visitors interact with our system so we can make it better.
For user communication related to system usage, we use a self hosted versions of marketing automation tools to avoid external access to our user's data. This allows us to track user's action within the SimplyBook.me system and send appropriate email and system messages to assist with the SimplyBook.me system usage. This tracking and communication is only used in cases where users have allowed us to communicate with them, by checking the marketing communication box during sign up.
We allow users to activate chat bots. You understand that clients are not requested to accept Terms & Conditions nor Privacy policy when they book through such tools. If you are not comfortable with this, or think this is not according to laws and regulations in your country, or for your clients, you should not use these tools to accept bookings.
For text chat bots that accept bookings, we use Google dialogflow and facebook. See Google privacy statement here:
https://cloud.google.com/security/gdpr
. See Facebook privacy information here:
https://www.facebook.com/business/news/facebooks-commitment-to-data-protection-and-privacy-in-compliance-with-the-gdpr
.
For voice chat bots, we use Google dialogflow and Twilio. See Google privacy statement here:
https://cloud.google.com/security/gdpr
.  See Twilio’s privacy policy here:
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy
.
We also use the following auxiliary system: Google Fonts, Google Charts, Google Maps, and Maxmind to make location data to help with signing up and to facilitate displaying you as service provider or your company on a map. This information is generally available for clients unless this is disabled in settings. Then address or map is not shown to clients on booking site or in directory. These external systems do not store any personal recognisable data about you.
To process credit card payments we use PayPal or SafeCharge.
We do not have any access to your credit card numbers at any of these systems. In Paypal, your name, and paypal email address are stored along with item name being purchased. See more about PayPal privacy policy here:
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev
, and about SafeCharge privacy here:
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/
.
Payment data generally falls under accounting and bank safeguarding regulations and is needed to be stored for 5-10 years at payment processors.
Accounting software
We use Notando accounting system and run this on our own dedicated servers, hosted in EU. We keep all invoicing data that contains your purchases, name, address, and email. This invoicing data must be stored obligatory for 7 years for tax authorities because of country laws and can therefore not be deleted by user’s request.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our system or services about you, your company, service providers, products, promotions, services or related things may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
E-signature software
To sign the Processor Controller agreement, we use software called esigngenie.com, based in USA so data concerning the GDPR contract may be transferred to USA. There is more about there security measure here:
https://www.esigngenie.com/security
and their privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.esigngenie.com/privacy-policy
.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
All personal data about you, your company, service providers, products, promotions, services or related things that has been stored in our system will be kept for as long as you remain a user of our system. You can edit this data at any point in time and request a deletion by cancelling the usage of the system. Since we keep backups of all databases for up to 30 days, this data may still exist for up to 30 days on our servers at which point in time it gets deleted.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject to such as accounting laws, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.
Your rights
In this Section 7, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
In the SimplyBook.me system there is 3 groups of personal data.
Company data, which under some circumstances can be personal data on the service provider if he is registered as the company.
Users, service providers data, which is data related to the people who provide services on behalf of the Company or Person registered as the company.
Clients, which are those who book services and buy items from the company and service providers.
Access to each of these information, and about each person related to each group is readily available inside the system for approved users. Data can be updated, deleted and exported in a constructed JSON format for data subjects who demand this.
Clients of system users also have readily available access to all their personal data either by login, or by link. If they want to delete their information, they need to contact the controller who has the necessary tools to do this.
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)	authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website;
(b)	status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
(c)	advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you. cookies used for this purpose are: adroll, facebook, google adwords, adsense;
(d)	analysis - we may use cookies to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services. cookies that may be used for this purpose are: hotjar (see more about Hotjar legal commitment here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/gdpr-commitment
), and Google Optimize, (see more about Google privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
);
(e)	consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
We may use Google Adwords and similar tools from time to time to display the remarketing, re-engagement ads to visitors or reach similar audiences. These services use cookies for tracking visitors so relevant ads can be published on sites you visit. You can view the privacy policy of Google Adwords here
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. You may opt-out of Google's use of cookies or device identifiers by visiting Google's Ads Settings here
https://adssettings.google.com
.
We use Facebook ads to advertise relevant ads from us for visitors to our site. A cookie from Facebook is used to place ads from us on Facebook pages that you visit. Facebook's privacy policy is available at:
https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy
.
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
(Chrome);
(b)
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
(Firefox);
(c)
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
(Opera);
(d)
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
(Internet Explorer);
(e)
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411
(Safari);
(f)
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy
(Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by
SimplyBook.me Ltd
The company is registered in Cyprus and our registered office is at
21 Karaiskaki str., Oasis Center, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus
.
You can contact us:
(a)	by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)	by email, using privacy@simplybook.me;
(c)	through our live help available on our site.
Data protection officer
Our data protection officer's contact details are:
dpo@simplybook.me
.
GDPR
European privacy regulations
For European companies or companies outside the EU/EEA that are dealing with personal data of european citizens there is a Processor Controller contract between SimplyBook.me ltd and you that applies. This contract defines the responsibilities of each party towards the data subjects. By accepting these Terms & Conditions you agree that you have gotten familiar with this contract and accepted those terms. You can get this contract signed and countersigned here:
https://www.esigngenie.com/esign/onlineforms/fillOnlineForm?encformnumber=mAl6BQ5sG5KtF%2FkknHf80Q%3D%3D&type=link
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
If you as a service provider have a dispute with one or more clients, or if you as a client have dispute with one or more service providers you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
Changes
This policy may be changed from time to time. Changes take effect when we post them on the SimplyBook.me site. There will be notification about changes in the SimplyBook.me notification system in the top menu of the SimplyBook.me system. When using the SimplyBook.me sites or services you are subject to any posted policies or rules applicable to services you use through the sites.
If you agree to these terms and conditions, the agreement applies between you, the business you sign up and SimplyBook.me ltd, Cyprus.
You may contact us:
E-Mail:
support@simplybook.me
Address:
21 Karaiskaki str., Oasis Center, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus
Terms & Conditions of SimplyBook.me system
These terms and conditions are effective from 06. August 2020 (updated since 23. September 2019)
For your convenience we provide you with translations of the English language version of these Terms&Conditions and Privacy Policy (collectively “SimplyBook.me Ltd. Terms”). In the event of any inconsistency between a non-English version of these SimplyBook.me Ltd. Terms and the English version, the English version shall be controlling in all respects and shall prevail.
Definitions:
SimplyBook.me
services or
SimplyBook.me
system —  is a system provided by SimplyBook.me ltd that allows system users to get various business functionalities that help them to run their business. The SimplyBook.me system can run in Network of sites under various domain names, such as: SimplyBook.me, SimplyBook.it, SimplyBook.asia, 365bookings.cn, Booking.page, Timapantanir.is, BookingTroll.com, BookingTroll.eu and other names that offer the same services.
Service provider
or user —  Company or person that provides services, rents tools, equipment, space etc. and uses the SimplyBook.me system to accept and treat bookings online, send promotions, sell products and do other related things that helps them run their service business.
Client/s
or service buyer/s —  Clients can be any type of person that books an appointment or buys a product online with a service provider that has a user account with the SimplyBook.me system. This can for example be patient, student, or client.
SimplyBook.me is the processor of data for the clients of the SimplyBook.me system. The user of the system, often same as service provider, is the controller of your data (the client data). You can ask the controller of your data for all personal information that he may hold on you, he can delete it and rectify by your requests.
Acceptable use policy
If you use the SimplyBook.me system or related sites, you agree to that you will not:
— violate any laws, third party rights or our policies;
— use our sites and tools if you are not able to form legally binding contracts, are under the age of 18;
— fail to deliver services ordered from you, unless the buyer gets a refund or can get similar or same service at a different time and date agreed by both parties;
— interfere with other users' listings;
— post false, inaccurate, misleading, defamatory, libelous content (including personal information) or use the service and site for link building purposes;
— take any action that may undermine feedback and/or ratings systems;
— distribute or post spam, unsolicited, or bulk electronic communications, chain letters, or pyramid schemes;
— distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm any visitors of the site;
— harvest or otherwise collect information about users, including email addresses, credit cards without their consent.
Client purchase protection
SimplyBook.me does not offer any purchase guarantees concerning client's payments for appointment bookings or service purchases or other product purchases from service providers. SimplyBook.me offers service providers a way to sell their services, and buyers, clients, patients a method to book these services. Service providers can use our tools to offer their clients to pay for services online. Buyers and service providers share the responsibility for making sure purchases and service orders facilitated by SimplyBook.me are in good spirit, rewarding and hassle-free.
We encourage buyers to work with sellers before opening a complaint with SimplyBook.me. We take no responsibility for wrongful service orders, services provided by service providers or services not provided by service providers even if they are purchased and paid for.
It is strongly recommended that buyers inform themselves about the service provider before booking with them and before paying online and for the service providers to make sure buyers are for real.
Privacy Policy
For a separate description of our privacy policy, see the SimplyBook.me
Privacy Policy
.
If you agree to these terms and conditions, the agreement applies between you, the business you sign up and SimplyBook.me ltd, Cyprus.
You may contact us:
E-Mail:
support@simplybook.me
Address:
21 Karaiskaki str., Oasis Center, 3032 Limassol, Cyprus
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://simplybook.me/en/policy:
Our approach to your privacy
When you use the SimplyBook.me Ltd official website (subject to our
Website Terms and Conditions
) and our Services (subject to our Terms and Conditions), you trust us with your personal data. It is true that we process a lot of different data, and therefore our commitment to safeguard your trust on us is our goal.
In order to understand how we achieve this, please read this document carefully as we explain our privacy practices. You will understand how we collect, use, sometimes share your personal data and what you can do about it, always with the purpose of providing you with our optimal service.
Please read this document together with our
Data Processing Agreement
overview and signed version
here
as well as our
Terms and Conditions
.
Have any questions?
Please contact us at:
support@simplybook.me
or
legal@simplybook.me
Data Protection Officer
dpo@simplybook.me
UK Representative
for local personal data protection and privacy issues at
UKRepresentative@simplybook.me
01
DATA COLLECTION:
What personal data do we collect?
data you give us upon registration and while using our system such as your name, email, address etc.;
data created when you use our services such as your IP address, browser type and other.
02
DATA PROCESSING:
How do we use your personal data?
In order to provide you with outstanding services;
Make our website better and more efficient;
Allow you to interact where possible;
Provide you with support when needed;
For research and development.
03
DATA SHARING:
With whom we share your personal data?
As part of team.blue group, with  our service providers when needed;
with other people such as our contractors and consultants) and companies such as  payment systems providers we collaborate, see section
Share of your personal data
, below.
See our
DPA
for more.
04
DATA STORAGE:
Where is your personal data stored?
We are a company based in Cyprus and store your personal data worldwide, depending on the location of your business. For EU based businesses though your data including backups is stored in the EU, it may be transferred outside the EU. See more information under
Where is your personal data stored
?
05
YOUR RIGHTS AS DATA SUBJECT:
What are your rights as a data subject?
Ask for a copy of your personal data request that we amend something included in your personal data, because it is wrong;
Request that we delete your personal data in part or in full;
Restrict us to or request to us to stop in full, the processing of your personal data;
Request that we provide your personal data to another company;
Take back the consent you gave us to process your personal data.
If you are outside the EU or EEA and GDPR does not apply there is a special section for your rights.
I.
Introduction
II.
Our Information
III.
Information We Collect About You
IV.
Where We Store Your Information?
V.
How Long We Keep Your Information?
VI.
Privacy By Design and By Default
VII.
Sharing of Your Personal Data
VIII.
Cookies & Third Parties Technologies
IX.
Direct Marketing Communications
X.
Your Rights
XI.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
This is the Privacy Policy of SimplyBook.me Ltd which explains how we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and other national and international applicable laws and regulations in all our business operations.
We have implemented appropriate measures and records demonstrating compliance with the GDPR and can therefore take responsibility for the processing of your personal data. Respecting the principles of GDPR (lawfulness, fairness and transparency, purpose limitation, data minimisation, accuracy, storage limitation, integrity and confidentiality (security) and accountability) is the key objective in all our business operations involving processing of personal data.
II. Our Information
We are SimplyBook.me Ltd and provide an appointment booking solution including a wide range of features such as promotion and marketing system, sales system and client contact system (collectively the “Services”). You may check our
Terms and Conditions
, containing more details of our services and our legal obligations, together with our
Data Processing Agreement
overview and signed version
here
.
In order to comply with the requirements of the GDPR, we must inform you that we are the
“data controller”
, making decisions about your personal data, when you visit our official website:
www.simplybook.me
and other sub-websites operated by us in accordance with our
Website Terms and Conditions
which you accept.
For this document and all privacy and personal data protection purpose, our information and contact details is as below:
Company Name:
SIMPLYBOOK.ME LTD
Contact Email Address:
support@simplybook.me
&
legal@simplybook.me
Registered Address:
30, Gladstonos Street, P. Makedonas Court, Mezzanine Floor, 3041, Limassol, Cyprus
Data Protection Officer:
dpo@simplybook.me
Registration Number:
HE387490
UK Representative:
UKRepresentative@simplybook.me
III. Information We Collect About You
When you visit our website and wish to use our services, as per our
Terms and Conditions
, we will need to collect various information about you. In this part of the document, we explain the categories and where necessary the source of specific personal data we process. For the processing, we also clarify why we need to collect and use our personal data as well as the legal basis for our actions.
Usage Data
Data includes information related to the
use of this website and the system we offer
: company information, IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referred source, length of visit, and page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your system use.
Source:
Analytics tracking system such as Google Analytics and similar.
Purposes:
Understand which sub websites cater to you and give you more information on it, improve our services and offer you usage suggestions that might suit your needs.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests ➝ monitoring and improving our website, system, client service and system services.
Account Data
This is the information you give us
when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the System
: name, contact email address, profile photo, bio, other details to your profile information to be displayed on your Service provider profile or on your Company profile with our system so that your clients can book services with you.
Please note that we need to keep track of your preferences when selecting specific settings.
Source:
You, your employer or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes.
Purposes:
Operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and used for communicating with you.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests & contractual obligations ➝ provide you with our system services so that you can display your information and sell services and products.
User's clients data
This is the information entered into the system from the clients of the User when they use the software to make a booking, such as name, surname, email address etc.
Source:
You, your employer or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes.
Purposes:
Operating the system so that your clients can effectively book appointments online with their chosen service providers.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests & contractual obligations ➝ enable proper operation of the system and services.
Service provider's data
When you include personal data of your service providers in your account: name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, and other details that are added to the service provider's profile.
This specific information will be
available on
the user’s booking site, supplied by us, on a widget that may be inserted into users own website, on users social media profiles, on our directory sites where all system users are displayed, unless they specifically opt out of being displayed there.
Source:
The data subject and data controller
Purposes:
Make a booking and use the services offered by the User.
Legal Basis:
legitimate interests & contractual obligations ➝ enable proper operation of the system and services.
Publication data
Information that you create for your bookable services, products for sale, promotions, or as company information.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our system or services about you, your company, service providers, products, promotions, services or related things may be available, via the internet, around the world. We
CANNOT
prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Source:
You, your employer or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes.
Purposes:
Operating the system so that clients can effectively book appointments online and purchase products and read about your business and service offering.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests & contractual obligations - enable proper operation of the system and services.
Enquiry data
Information contained in any
enquiry you submit
to us through email or live support regarding the system and our services.
Source:
You or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes, or your clients.
Purposes:
Analysing our users' problems and helping them to solve the issues as well as improving the system when relevant.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests ➝ enable proper operation of the system and services.
Transaction data
Information relating to
transactions
, including
purchases of goods and services
, that you enter into with us and/or through our website: contact details and the transaction details.
Source:
You, as a data subject.
Purposes:
Supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.
Legal Basis:
Legal obligation - proper accounting practices.
We use our own
Notando Accounting System
for this processing and run this on our own dedicated servers, hosted in the EU. We have to keep all invoicing data that contains your purchases, name, address, and email for 7 years for financial reporting and VAT purposes.
Company information
When you include information
about your company in the company profile
of the system we offer: name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, and other details that you add to your company profile.
This specific information will be available on your booking site, supplied by us, on a widget that may be inserted into the user's own website, on users social media profiles, on our directory sites where all system users are displayed, unless they specifically opt out of being displayed there.
Source:
You, your employer or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes.
Purposes:
You, your employer or the user who sets up the system for his personal or company purposes.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interests & contractual obligations ➝ enable proper operation of the system and services.
Notification data
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of
subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters.
Source:
You, as a data subject.
Purposes:
Sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters to inform you about changes within the system and how you can make the most of using SimplyBook.me.
Legal Basis:
Consent ➝ to receive specific information from us, which may be withdrawn at any time by contacting us.
Correspondance data
Information contained in or relating to
any communication that you send to us.
Source:
You, as a data subject.
Purposes:
Communicating with you and record-keeping.
Legal Basis:
Legitimate interest ➝ proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
In addition to the specific legal basis of processing your personal data mentioned above, we may need to process personal data for our
legitimate interests
and as below:
for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure;
for the proper protection of our business interests against risks and obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.
IV. Where We Store Your Information?
Your personal data is stored on servers located in three reputable data centres, in Canada, France and Singapore all of which meet the R82 and R81 APSAD standards and work according to ISO/IEC 27001
standard
. Check out how we always
prioritise
the importance of information security,
here.
For our
enterprise clients
, we offer dedicated servers in Canada, UK, Australia and Belgium or any other location, subject to availability and additional requirements and legal obligations.
Get in contact with us to Find out more about this
V. How Long We Keep Your Information?
We must comply with several legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data. Therefore, in all cases, we will keep your data only for the period required for the purposes of processing stated herein, respecting the principle of “
data storage
” of GDPR. This means that as long as you remain a user of our system - you can edit this data at any point in time and request a deletion by cancelling the usage of the system. Since we keep backups of all databases for up to 30 days, this data may still exist for up to 30 days on our servers at which point in time it gets deleted.
VI. Privacy By Design and By Default
We have implemented “
appropriate technical and organisational measures
” in order to follow the data protection principles effectively and safeguard individual rights. Specifically, we will perform a
Data Protection Impact Assessment
(“DPIA”) when required under GDPR, for identifying and minimising the data processing risks of a project.
Security
Additionally, all our security measures form part of the overall Information Security Management System (“ISMS”) of SimplyBook.me Ltd, in line with the ISO/IEC 27001 standard.
Privacy of medical data / Protected health information
You may upload via notes to your account certain medical data or protected health information (as defined in the Health Insurance Portability & Accountability Act of 1996, “
HIPAA
”).
For the purposes of providing our SimplyBook.me Software and services, we may have restricted access to such type of information and must comply with the applicable HIPAA regulations as a business associate.
Have a look at how we are HIPAA compliant
here
Read more about our security approach
VII. Sharing of Your Personal Data
In order to operate effectively as a company and also provide flawless services, products and features, we must share some of your personal data. The sharing is limited to the extent required for the specific purposes and for the period required in order to ensure our business operations. Therefore, our services to you will not be jeopardised and your rights are not infringed.
(a) Sharing for provision of our other services/products:
SimplyMeet.me Software Solution
We are the owners and offer you the SimplyMeet.me online meeting software solution which will enable you to organise your meetings. Check out the official website of SimplyMeet me
here
for relevant legal documents.
SBPay Basic & Pro
SPBay Solution is offered to Users subject to our
Terms & Conditions
and compliments our “
Accept Payments
” Custom Feature.
In order to provide the SBPay in either version we will collect and store: all processing transaction data, time, name of Your Client, amount, item being purchased, if recurring or not, IP address and payment processor relating to the transaction.
Note that
we do not
store full credit card information - in order to avoid identification of the card owner.
Data is stored
: Germany (EU) on Google Cloud.
Booking Page
SimplyBook.me Ltd is the owner and operator of the
Booking.Page
(the “Directory”) which is hosted in the United Kingdom with OVH - read more about OVH security standards
Infrastructure & Software
.
We have concluded SCC for this processing activity and must be informed that when you explicitly allow publication of your company info, the service provider data and publication data including company reviews in the Booking.Page, you explicitly consent to transfer this data outside EEA, and subject to the provisions herein.
(b) Sharing as part of the team.blue group:
SimplyBook.me is part of team.blue Group and we may share personal data of our users with other entities within the Group, subject to provisions of our internal  Global Data Sharing Framework.
The team.blue Group, consisting of several brands and subsidiaries, can improve coordination and resource allocation by sharing data internally. This allows for more efficient collaboration on product, campaign, and customer service improvements. Personal data may be shared among team.blue Group companies for marketing statistics, internal administration, and reporting purposes, but only in an amount necessary for the intended use and with proper protective measures in place to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure.
(c) Sharing with sub-processors:
We have appointed sub-processors with which we will share your personal data such as:
appointed service providers, business partners, and third-party vendors who assist us in delivering our services
legal authorities, regulatory bodies, and other third parties when required by law.
All data processing activities with parties located
within the EU and EEA
are governed by the provisions of the GDPR and respective Data Processing Agreements.
When we transfer your personal data to a country
not located in the EU or EEA
:
we will check and ensure that specific legal mechanisms and safeguards are in place: and such us “
adequate decision
” for that jurisdiction, concluded “
Standard Contractual Clauses
” (
“SCC”
) or other;
we follow the recent developments in the law and
do not
rely on the
Privacy Shield
but the Data Privacy Framework, to the extent applicable and valid;
for our business operations which involve the transfer of personal data from the European Union (“
EU
”) and/or the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) to the United Kingdom, we rely on the decision of the European Commission dated on the 28th day of June, 2021 (
see more info here
).
Find a list of sub-processors as part of our online DPA
here
.
Where there is a change to this list, we will notify you and you can submit any objection via email to
legal@simplybook.me
, within 15 days.
VIII. Cookies and Third-Party Technologies (Statistics and analytics)
General Statements:
a) For the purposes of security and detection of fraudulent behaviour, SimplyBook.me Ltd has implemented an automated control system, which makes use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, to track and analyse certain behaviour of the users on the site, associated with their IP addresses and other personal data associated with the browsing on the site. The consequence of such processing is that, if a visitor attempts to engage in fraudulent conduct on the site, for example in order to benefit several times from the same promotion without having the right to do so, SimplyBook.me Ltd reserves the right to exclude such person from the promotion or to take any other appropriate measure for its own protection.
b) Analytics activities by means of tracking through the use of cookies and similar technologies, aimed at verifying and measuring the quality and effectiveness of SimplyBok.me Ltd’s online advertising campaigns, in order to improve the performance of those campaigns, as well as the services offered by SimplyBook.me Ltd.
c) SimplyBook.me Ltd uses cookies for functional and statistical purposes, to detect fraudulent behaviour and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and services.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use
cookies
and we wish to clarify here that cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. If you need to know more, find everything in our
Cookies Policy
.
Statics and Analytics
In order to improve our website and product, we use tools for statistics and analysis in order to obtain an accurate overview on how visitors interact with our system and our website, so we can make it better. Note that where possible, we enable relavnt settings in the tools we use and mention below, in order to minimise the personal data we process.
Google Analytics
: a web analysis service provided by Google Ireland Limited (“Google”) which allows us to track and examine the use of our website and have reports on activities and share them with other Google services.
You can learn more by consulting
Google’s official documentation
and
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on Download Page
.
Matomo (previously Piwik)
: an analytics service provided by InnoCraft, an open-source web analytics tool, to track and analyse visits to our website. Matomo collects data such as IP addresses (anonymised), browser information, and pages visited. This helps us understand how you interact with our site and as well as admin interface of your account, and hence help us improve your experience.
Visit Matomo’s website for more information:
https://matomo.org/gdpr-analytics/
.
Leadinfo
: a lead generation service provided by Leadinfo B.V., Rotterdam, The Netherlands, which recognise visits of companies to our website based on IP addresses and shows us related publicly available information, such as company names or addresses. In addition, Leadinfo places two first-party cookies for providing transparency on how our visitors use our website and the tool processes domains from provided form inputs (e.g. “leadinfo.com”) to correlate IP addresses with companies and to enhance its services.
For additional information, please visit
www.leadinfo.com
. On this page:
www.leadinfo.com/en/opt-out
you have an opt-out option. In the event of an opt-out, your data will no longer be used by Leadinfo.
IX. Direct Marketing Communication
In order to contact you for marketing and promotional purposes, we need to have your
clear consent
and also
inform you how we will process
your personal data for these purposes. Therefore, by clicking to receive updates for marketing and promotional purposes during the sign-up procedure, you hereby consent and allow us to use your personal data and contact you via email, SMS or instant messaging such as via WhatsApp.
Your personal data for marketing and communication purposes will be stored in our internal database only and we shall not share your personal data with third parties unless they act as our service providers and are part of our business operations. This means we have established collaboration, safeguarded by data protection and privacy provisions.
For the
user communication related to system usage
, we use a self hosted version of marketing automation tools to avoid external access to our user's data. Therefore, we track user's actions within our system and send appropriate email and system messages to assist with the usage, where users have allowed us to communicate with them, by checking the marketing communication box during sign up.
As part of our marketing efforts and in the legitimate interest of SimplyBook.me Ltd, we may send marketing emails or texts promoting similar products or services to our customers, in compliance with the soft opt-in exemption. This exemption allows us to contact our existing customers with offers for products or services that are similar to those they have previously purchased from us.
In all cases, your personal data will be processed based on our instructions as data controller of your data and in compliance with the provisions of this Policy.  We
do not
use marketing automation platforms and
do not
perform any automated decision-making processing of your personal data.
The unsubscribe option is available in all our communications for marketing purposes.
X. Your Rights
You are a “
data subject
” in accordance with the provisions of GDPR and have the below rights which you can exercise freely:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority;
the right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to use any of your rights, please contact us via email
dpo@simplybook.me
or
UKRepresentative@simplybook.me
.
Read the below section when you are outside the EU or EEA and GDPR does not apply.
The rights of Users in Switzerland
are in line with the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (FADP) and provisions herein and include: access to Personal Data; right to object to the processing of their Personal Data (which also allows Users to demand that processing of Personal Data be restricted, Personal Data be deleted or destroyed, specific disclosures of Personal Data to third parties be prohibited); right to receive their Personal Data and have it transferred to another controller (data portability); right to ask for incorrect Personal Data to be corrected.
The rights of Users in Brazil
are in line with the "Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados" (LGPD) and provisions here.
The rights of Users in the USA
, are in line with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018" (CCPA), as updated by the
California Privacy Rights Act
(CPRA) (collectively the “CCPA/CPRA”) and
Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act
(VCDPA), to the extent relevant and applicable to the business operations of SimplyBook.me.
SimplyBook.me Ltd
DOES NOT
sell or share the personal information of its Users and the above rights can be exercised by respective individuals via contact details provided above and free of charge and/or to the extent applicable via your Account, subject to certain conditions and exceptions, to the extent SimplyBook.me Ltd must comply with the relevant law/regulation. The provisions above supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained herein.
XI. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this document at any time in order to reflect changes in the law or our practices. Keep an eye on our website for any updates. If we change anything major in this document, we will inform you.
Last update:
25/09/2024
Version
: 3.1
Previous version available
here
English
臺灣話
Français
中文
Español
한국어
Deutsch
日本
Русский
Português
Brasil
Italiano
Nederlands
Українська
Čeština
Norsk
Svenska
Dansk
Company login
Forgot company login
Sign in
Sign in with Google
Log in
Sign up
Booking website templates
Browse through our range of Booking Website Templates and chose your favourite layout!
Accept Bookings via multiple channels
See how to accept bookings on your website, or via Facebook, Instagram, Google and Booking.page marketplace.
Admin Interface Demo
See the Admin Interface, where you'll manage your booking system, and how it looks in action!
Login:
admin
Password:
demo
Mobile Admin App
See our video on how you can manage your day-to-day bookings with the Android and iOS
Live Help
Real-time help,
from real people
Keep in mind that we also offer an even simpler tool intended for meeting scheduling. Check it out if you feel SimplyBook.me is too extensive for your needs.
Sub-policy 1
https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome:
You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Please wait while application initialize...
;
Sub-policy 2
https://www.ladesk.com/security-privacy-policy/:
More than 17,000 customers trust
LiveAgent
with their data. Data security is of utmost importance for us. We combine multiple security features to ensure customer, employee and business data is always protected so our customers can rest easy knowing their data is safe, their communication is secure, and their businesses are protected.
Product security
Two-factor authentication
2-Step Verification
adds more security to your LiveAgent account. When you have 2-Factor Authentication enabled, any attempt to log into your account must be accompanied by the code that you generated in Google Authenticator app. 2-Step Verification can help keep unknown people out, even if they have your password.
HTTPS encryption
All LiveAgent hosted accounts run over a
secure connection using the HTTPS
protocol. Hyper Text Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is the secure version of HTTP, the protocol over which data is sent between your browser and the website that you are connected to. It means all communication between your browser and LiveAgent is encrypted, including your chat and email communication.
Secure credential storage
We follow latest best practices to store and protect user login credentials and passwords in the cloud.
IP & network restrictions
Your LiveAgent
Agent
panel can be configured to only allow access from specific IP address ranges.
API Security
LiveAgent REST API
is restricted to accredited users based on username and password or username and API tokens.
SPAM filtering
LiveAgent has an intelligent built in SPAM filter that learns and improves its filtering capabilities continuously.
On top of that, we have our
bug bounty program
, by which independent security researches can help us to protect our application.
Data center security
We ensure the confidentiality and integrity of your data with industry best practices. LiveAgent servers are hosted at Tier IV or III+, PCI DSS, SSAE-16, or ISO 27001 compliant facilities. Our Security Team constantly pushes security updates and actively responds to security alerts and events.
Physical security
Facilities
Server environment
LiveAgent servers are hosted at Tier III+ or IV or PCI DSS, SSAE-16, or ISO 27001 compliant facilities. Data center facilities are powered by redundant power, each with UPS and backup generators.
On-site Security
Security zones
Our data center facilities feature a secured perimeter with multi-level security zones, 24/7 manned security, CCTV video surveillance, multifactor identification with biometric access control, physical locks, and security breach alarms.
Monitoring
Server & Device monitoring
All Production Network systems, networked devices, and circuits are constantly monitored and logically administered by LiveAgent administrators. Physical security, power, and internet connectivity beyond co-location cage doors or Amazon/Linode services are monitored by the facilities providers.
Location
Datacenters in United States, Europe & Asia
LiveAgent hosts data in multiple data centers based on your preference or geographical location in the United States, Europe, and Asia. Customers can choose to locate their Service Data in the US-only or Europe-only.
Network security
Our network is protected by redundant firewalls, best-in-class router technology, secure HTTPS transport over public networks, and network Intrusion Detection and/or Prevention technologies (IDS/IPS) which monitor and/or block malicious traffic and network attacks.
Network security
Architecture
Security zones in our architecture
Our network security architecture consists of multiple security zones. More sensitive systems, like application servers and database servers, are protected in our most trusted zones. Other systems like loadbalancers are housed in zones commensurate with their sensitivity, depending on function, information classification, and risk.
3rd-party Penetration Tests
Third-Party Security Research
In addition to our extensive internal scanning and testing program, LiveAgent also works with third-party security experts and researchers to perform security checks and broad penetration tests.
Network Vulnerability Scanning
Vulnerability scanning
Network security scanning gives us deep insight for quick identification of out-of-compliance or potentially vulnerable systems.
DDoS Mitigation
DDoS Mitigation
Industry-leading infrastructure is in place to protect against and mitigate the impact of denial of service attacks.
Encryption
Communication Encryption
Communications between you and LiveAgent servers are encrypted via industry best-practices HTTPS and Transport Layer Security (TLS) over public networks.
Disaster recovery, backup & redundancy
We operate a multi-level backup and disaster recovery strategy. Backups and near real-time snapshots are taken at various intervals and multiple copies are securely stored on different servers. Our disaster recovery program ensures that our services remain available or are easily recoverable in the case of a disaster.
Our redundancy architecture eliminates a single point of failure. Combined with comprehensive backups, we ensure customer data is replicated and available across production systems.
EU GDPR
LiveAgent is fully compliant with the GDPR directive that became enforceable on May 25th, 2018. A team of security experts and developers was working on strengthening our security policies and raising awareness about data protection and what is required of our employees to comply with rules that GDPR puts in place. We also made sure that our customers were informed about the recent development in a timely manner.
Learn more about
LiveAgent and GDPR
.
Google OAuth and Google Data
What information do we collect?
We collect Email address of Google users.
How do we use the information?
We use it to access mailbox of Google users in order to process their emails into tickets.
How do we share the information?
We don’t share the information with any 3rd parties.
Use of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Related Articles
Privacy Policy
Learn how LiveAgent values your privacy with secure data handling, P3P compliance, data deletion options & cookie transparency. Contact us!"
About LiveAgent
Discover LiveAgent, the original help desk software since 2004. Trusted by 40,000+ businesses worldwide for seamless customer support solutions!
Provide excellent customer service.
Discover unparalleled customer support with LiveAgent's all-in-one software. Benefit from 24/7 service, a free trial without a credit card, and seamless integration across 130+ ticketing features. Enhance your business with fast setup, AI assistance, live chat, and more. Choose LiveAgent for exceptional service and satisfied customers.
Log in to your LiveAgent account
Log in to your LiveAgent account to access top-notch customer service solutions, including help desk, live chat, and call center software. Don't have an account? Start your free trial today—no credit card required. Enhance your customer service skills with our extensive guides and tips at LiveAgent Academy.
You will be
in Good Hands!
Join our community of happy clients and provide excellent customer support with LiveAgent.
Schedule a demo
Start 30-days free trial
Our website uses cookies. By continuing we assume your permission to deploy cookies as detailed in our
privacy and cookies policy
.
Decline
Accept
Start Free Trial
x
Contact Us
We are available for you 24/7.
Feel free to contact us.
Servers online
We are currently experiencing problems.
More details
Servers busy
Contact form
Messenger
Whatsapp
Chat
Sub-policy 3
https://www.nexmo.com/privacy-policy/:
Our chat feature requires Targeting Cookies to function.
Turn on for personalized support
1
Device Type:
1
/
2
Update to the Federal Communications Commission’s (FCC) new One-to-One Consent Rule
Learn more
Vonage wins Cloud Award for VCC Intelligent Workspace in the Best Use of Artificial Intelligence in Cloud Computing category.
Learn more
Communications APIs
Reach and engage customers across messaging, voice, video, and more.
Learn more
Try it free
Unified Communications
Unify global business communications channels to work better together.
Learn more
See pricing
Contact Centers
Provide agents with tools and insights to boost customer satisfaction.
Learn more
See plans
Conversational Commerce
Turn conversations into sales by engaging customers on their favorite channel.
Learn More
See pricing
100,000+
businesses choose Vonage, worldwide
1.6 million+
registered developers
99.999%
uptime reliability*
25 billion
minutes & messages terminated yearly
Gartner Again Names Vonage a Leader in CPaaS
Explore insights from Forrester on the value of combined communications tools
Learn how to leverage the latest AI technology to up-level your customer engagement
Trusted by trusted businesses
Doxy.me supported over 600,000 doctor-to-patient video sessions with over 11 million video minutes—in a single day
HotelBeds transitioned to our cloud-based virtual contact center and saw improved call answer rates and lower costs
Ronlight, distributor of Garmin products in Israel, chose Vonage AI to scale their customer experience
*
The 99.999% claim is based on Vonage's average up-time and/or availability.
Speak with an expert.
US toll-free number:
1-844-365-9460
Outside the US:
Local Numbers
Email
Chat
For a better experience, switch to a different browser.
You’re currently browsing in Internet Explorer 11. We recommend using a different browser to get the best experience on our website, like Chrome, Safari or Firefox.  Thanks!
Fri Mar 14 2025 04:26:01 GMT+0000 (Greenwich Mean Time)
Sub-policy 4
https://www.sendinblue.com/legal/privacypolicy/:
Table of contents
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
If the legal entity you represent or act on behalf of is incorporated in the
USA, Canada, Australia or New Zealand
, the following terms are applicable to you:
Sendinblue Inc. Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, this latter Privacy Policy (II) shall also be applicable.
I. Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue SAS
(collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”).
In the course of its activity and for the purposes of providing the Services (as defined in our General Terms of Use), Brevo is required to collect and process the personal data of its users (hereafter referred to as the “Users”).
This privacy policy, implemented by Brevo, is intended to provide the Users with a summary and overview of the processing of personal data carried out by Brevo.
Brevo attaches particular importance to the respect for the privacy of the Users and of the confidentiality of their personal data, and is thus committed to processing the data in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, and in particular Law No. 78-17 of 6 January 1978 relating to Information Technology, Data Files and Civil Liberties (hereafter referred to as the “Data Protection Act”), and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (hereafter referred to as the “GDPR”).
Definitions
Personal data:
any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, that is, a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identification number or to one or more elements specific to that person.
Processing of personal data:
any operation or any set of operations relating to personal data, whatever the process used, and in particular the collection, recording, organisation, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, as well as locking, erasure, or destruction.
Cookie :
a cookie is a piece of information placed on the hard drive of Internet users by the server of the site they visit. It contains several pieces of data: the name of the server which installed it, an identifier in the form of a unique number, and possibly an expiry date. This information is sometimes stored on the computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save pieces of information.
Data Controller – DPO
The data controller for the processing of the personal data referred to herein is Brevo, a simplified joint stock company with a share capital of 387,722 Euros, registered with the Paris Trade and Companies Register under number 498 019 298 and whose registered office is located at 106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France.
Brevo has appointed a Data Protection Officer who can be contacted at the following address: dpo@brevo.com.
Data collected
Brevo collects data from Users in order to make the Services for which they have subscribed to the platform available to them.
The mandatory or optional nature of the data provided (in order to complete the Users’ registration and to render the Services) is indicated at the time of collection by an asterisk.
In addition, certain data is collected automatically as a result of the User’s actions on the site (see the paragraph on cookies).
Purposes
The personal data collected by Brevo during the provision of the Services is necessary for the performance of the contracts concluded with the Users, or to allow Brevo to pursue its legitimate interests while respecting the rights of the Users. Certain data may also be processed based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes for which Brevo processes data are the following:
commercial and accounting management of the contract;
management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
detection of malicious behaviour (fraud, phishing, spam, etc.);
the improvement of the Users path on the site;
more generally, any purpose referred to in Article 2 of Deliberation No. 2012-209 of 21 June 2012 creating a simplified standard for the automated processing of personal data relating to the management of users and prospects.
Recipients of the data
The personal data collected is intended for Brevo’s commercial and accounting departments. It may be transmitted to Brevo’s subsidiaries, or to third-party data processors which Brevo is authorized to use within the context of the performance of its Services.
In this context, personal data may be transferred to an EU or non-EU country. Brevo implements guarantees ensuring the protection and security of this data, in compliance with applicable rules and regulations.
Brevo does not transfer or rent personal data to third parties for marketing purposes without the express consent of the Users of Brevo.
In addition, personal data may only be disclosed to third parties for purposes other than marketing in the following cases:
with their authorisation;
at the request of the competent legal authorities, upon judicial request, or in the context of a legal dispute.
Data retention period
To satisfy its legal obligations or in order to have the necessary elements to assert its rights, Brevo will be able to retain the data under the conditions established by applicable rules and regulations.
Thus, personal data collected by Brevo relating to the identity and contact details of its Users is retained for a maximum period of two years after the termination of the contractual relationship for Users that are customers, or from their collection by the data controller or the last contact from the Users that are prospects, for the data relating to the latter.
The termination of the contractual relationship is understood as the express termination of the contract by the User, or the non-use of Brevo Services for a period of five years.
Rights of Users
In accordance with applicable rules, the Users have the right to access and rectify their personal data, which enables them to rectify, complete, update, or delete data that is inaccurate, incomplete, ambiguous, or outdated, or whose collection, use, communication, or storage is prohibited.
The Users also have the right to request the limitation of the processing, and to oppose on legitimate grounds the processing of their personal data. The User may also communicate instructions on the fate of their personal data in the event of their death.
Where applicable, the User may request the portability of their personal data or, where the legal basis for the processing is consent, withdraw their consent at any time.
The Users may exercise their rights by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com or a letter to:
Sendinblue SAS  — DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
These requests shall be processed within a maximum period of 30 days.
The Users may also at any time modify the data pertaining to them by logging on to
https://www.brevo.com
and clicking on “edit my profile” or by contacting the customer relations department at
support@brevo.com
The Users may unsubscribe from the Brevo newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe links in each of these emails.
In the event of a dispute, the Users may file a complaint with the CNIL, for which contact details may be found at
https://www.cnil.fr.
The Users may access detailed information on the use of their personal data, in particular concerning the purposes of the processing, the legal bases enabling Brevo to process the data, its storage period, its recipients, and, where applicable, its transfer to a country outside the European Union as well as the related compliance guarantees put in place for such transfers. To do so, the User can send their request by email to dpo@brevo.com.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Notwithstanding anything else in the present Privacy Policy, if the User provides Brevo access to their Gmail user data, Brevo shall:
only use access to read, write, modify, or control Gmail message bodies (including attachments), metadata, headers, and settings, allowing Brevo to provide a web email client for the Users to compose, send, read, and process emails;
never transfer such data to other parties unless doing so is necessary to provide and improve these features, comply with applicable law, or as part of a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets;
in no way use such data for its management of customer acquisition and marketing activities;
in no way use such data to serve advertisements;
not allow humans to read this data unless Brevo has the User’s affirmative agreement for specific messages, doing so is necessary for security purposes such as investigating abuse, to comply with applicable law, or for Brevo’s internal operations, and even then, only when the data have been aggregated and anonymized.
Cookies
For more information about how Brevo handles cookies, please visit our
cookie policy page
.
Security
Brevo has taken all necessary precautions to preserve the security of personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, distorted, or damaged.
These measures include the following:
Multi-level firewall.
Proven solutions for anti-virus protection and detection of intrusion attempts.
Encrypted data transmission using SSL/https/VPN technology.
Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centres.
In addition, access to processing data on behalf of Brevo by the receiving third-party services requires authentication of the persons accessing the data, by means of an individual access code and password, that is sufficiently robust and regularly renewed.
Data transmitted over unsecured communication channels is subject to technical measures designed to make such data incomprehensible to any unauthorised person.
Any questions about the security of the Brevo website can be directed to
support@brevo.com
.
Modification of the Privacy Policy
Brevo reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy to comply with changes in the applicable laws and regulations.
The Users shall be notified of any changes made to this policy via our website or by email at least thirty days prior, when possible, to their entry into force.
Contact
Any questions about Brevo’s Privacy Policy can be directed by email to
dpo@brevo.com
or by mail to:
Sendinblue SAS – DPO Team
106 boulevard Haussmann, 75008 Paris, France
II. Brevo North America Privacy Policy
For users incorporated in USA, Canada, Australia and New-Zealand
This is the Privacy Notice for
Sendinblue Inc.
dba
Sendinblue
, (collectively
referred to as
“
Brevo
,” “
us
,” “
our
,” or “
we
”). It explains how we collect and use information on brevo.com and other websites we own or operate (collectively, the “
Site
”), our suite of software and professional services owned and operated by Sendinblue Inc. or its affiliates and/or delivered under the business name Brevo (the “
Software
”) for managing contacts and designing, implementing, and administering email, sms, and certain other marketing programs , our other digital properties or services, and your communications with us by any means (collectively with the Site, Software, and Programs, the “
Services
”). Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice applies to Brevo’s activities in, or for Users that are incorporated in, the United States, Canada, New-Zealand and Australia, and includes supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
. If you are a resident of or located in the European Union, please instead review our
Privacy Policy Personal Data Protection
.
This Privacy Notice is governed by and part of our General Conditions of Use of Brevo Services (the “
General Terms
”). Your use of our Services is subject to this Privacy Notice and our General Terms, including its applicable limitations on damages and the provisions regarding resolution of disputes. Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Notice have the meanings given to them in the General Terms. Any additional notices we may provide you about our privacy practices will be considered to form part of this Privacy Notice.
Note that this Privacy Notice
DOES NOT
apply to any third-party websites, platforms, or activities, such as a Customer’s websites or marketing practices. If you are a Contact of our Customer(s), your use of a Customer’s website or receipt of marketing communications from a Brevo Customer is governed by the Customer’s privacy notice, and Brevo has no control over their privacy practices.
Consent
By using or accessing our Services in any manner, you acknowledge and accept this Privacy Notice, and you consent to Brevo’s collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described below. If you do not agree with this Privacy Notice, do not use our Services.
Personal information
As used in this Privacy Notice, “
Personal Information
” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls into various categories, such as identifiers, protected information, sensitive personal information (e.g., social security number, race, health data, or union membership), biometrics, commercial history, employment-related data, nonpublic educational information, internet activity, or inferences drawn to create a consumer profile. The use of sensitive personal data on the Platform and as part of the Services is forbidden.
Personal Information
does not
include (i) publicly available information (ii) aggregate information, meaning data about a group or category of services or users from which individual identities and other Personal Information has been removed; or (iii) deidentified information that cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, a particular consumer.
Collection and use of personal information
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it is used depends on how you interact with us, such as a Site visitor, a Brevo customer using the Services or representative of a customer (a “
Customer
”) or as a Customer’s marketing contact (“
Contact
”).  Brevo only collects, uses, retains, and shares Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide the Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. We will update this Privacy Notice or otherwise notify you before we collect additional categories of Personal Information from consumers or use such Personal Information for purposes that are incompatible with the purpose stated at the time of collection.
Categories of Personal Information
During the preceding 12 months, we have collected these categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address, password, IP address)
Employment-related information (e.g., current or past employment)
Commercial information (e.g., purchases considered or completed)
Internet activity (e.g., interactions with the Site and Platform)
Sources of Collection
We collect Personal Information from the following sources and use that information as described below:
Directly from you when you contact us or place an order.
If you contact us via the Site or by email, phone, or other means to request information or support, we will collect your name, contact information, and employment-related information as needed to respond to your inquiry. If you place an order with us, we will use a PCI-compliant payment processor to collect and process your payment information. You may opt-in to save your payment information for future orders, but this is not required. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to respond to your inquiries, communicate with you about your order status, or for the purposes stated at the time of collection.
Directly from you when you create a Customer account.
If you create a Customer account, we will collect your name, email address, company name, and require you to choose a password to login. We collect this information with your consent, and we use it to provide the Services, identify and administer your account, and communicate with you about the Services. You have the right to opt-out of communications from us, but you cannot opt out of communications that we send you regarding your account.
From our Customers about their Contacts.
Brevo Services enables Customers to promote their brands through email, SMS, chat, and other types of marketing communications. Customers may choose to input their Contacts’ Personal Information into the Services to send them marketing communications. Brevo collects Contacts’ Personal Information to fulfill our contractual obligations as a service provider to the Customer. A Customer’s processing of Contacts’ Personal Information via the Services is subject to the Customer’s privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for any Customer’s compliance with applicable privacy laws, or a Customer’s obligations to related to their Contacts’ privacy rights.
Automatically from you when you visit the Site or use our Software.
When you visit our Site or use our Software, we automatically collect data about your internet activity such as your IP address, internet service provider description, information about the type of device used to access our Site, and browser information. Like most online services, the Site and Platform use cookies as described in our
Cookie List
. We collect this information to achieve our legitimate interest of facilitating online communication or when it is strictly necessary to provide an online Service. We use this information to help diagnose problems with and secure our servers, to administer the proper functioning and legitimate use of our Site, generate analytics and statistics. With your prior consent, we also use that information to improve the nature and marketing of the Services. The Customer warrants that it will provide all necessary information to the relevant natural persons, and obtain all necessary consents from them, as required by applicable data protection and electronic communication laws, in order to allow Brevo to lawfully deploy cookies and similar tracking technologies and to lawfully collect data from the devices of Contacts and Service Users. These tracers might include pixels and web beacons. The exact list of cookies and tracking devices is available
here
.
Children’s Privacy
Brevo does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 16. However, we cannot control the Personal Information our Customer’s collect. If a Customer chooses to input Personal Information of children under age 16 on the Services, that Customer does so under its own privacy practices, not ours. Brevo is not responsible for a Customer’s failure to comply with any law designed to protect children or any other law governing the Customer’s use of our Services. Please contact the Customer directly if you have questions about their privacy practices. As part of our commitment to your privacy, we encourage you to contact us at dpo@brevo.com if you believe we might have collected any information online from a child under 16, or if you are aware of any unauthorized submission of information to us. Brevo reserves the right to delete any information from our systems if we discover it was improperly collected.
Retention of Personal Information
Personal Information about Contacts.
The Customer is responsible for determining a data retention period of the Contact Personal Information and to operate the deletion when necessary. If the Customer does not take action, Brevo retains all categories of Personal Information we collect only as long as your Brevo account remains active or as necessary to provide you with the Services you request.
Commercial relationship personal information.
We may also retain and use Personal Information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We regularly review and deidentify unnecessary Personal Information and other data and we periodically deidentify unused accounts.
Cookie Data.
Any Personal Information that we may collect using cookies or other tracing technologies is retained on our system for 12 months. In some cases, we may be required to retain this Personal Information for longer or shorter periods to meet our regulatory obligations, in which case we will retain the data for the required period.
Other Uses
In addition to the specific uses described above, Brevo might also use your Personal Information to:
Provide, maintain, and improve our Services and user experience.
Send you support and administrative messages.
Monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us.
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Company and others.
Protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Notice.
If we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others.
Comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.
Fulfill any other purpose to which you consent.
Disclosing personal information
Categories
In the preceding 12 months, Brevo has disclosed all categories of Personal Information that we collected for a business purpose.
Recipients
Brevo may disclose Personal Information to the recipients described below, or to other recipients with your permission or as required by law.
Service Providers:
Brevo uses a variety of service providers such as data hosting companies, analytics services, email hosting services, and payment processors. The type of information that we share with a service provider will depend on the service that they provide to us. Our service providers are subject to contractual agreements that protect your Personal Information, and we require all service providers to maintain confidentiality standards that are commercially reasonable to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Government Agencies:
Occasionally Brevo may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information to governmental authorities. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. Brevo reserves the right to disclose Personal Information to law enforcement and other governmental agencies, at our sole discretion in connection with an investigation of any matter that is illegal or that could expose Brevo or our affiliates to liability.
Cookie Information Recipients:
In some cases, we may allow specific cooperating entities to use
cookies
or similar technologies to collect non-personal data from your browser or device for measurement purposes. Receipt and use of such information are subject to each cookie information recipient’s Privacy Notice.
Affiliates and Third Parties:
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect about you to our affiliates like a parent company or subsidiaries. For example, we share Personal Information for Customer support purposes, marketing, or technical operations. Under specific circumstances, we may disclose Personal Information to certain third parties as permitted by applicable law, for example: if we go through a business transition (e.g., merger, acquisition, or asset sale); to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; when we believe it is appropriate to take action regarding illegal activities or prevent fraud or harm to any person; to exercise or defend our legal claims; or for any other reason with your consent.
Aggregated and Deidentified Information
We reserve the right to use and to disclose aggregated, anonymized, or deidentified information about any individuals with our affiliate companies (Brevo Group) for marketing, advertising, research and product development purposes.
Your privacy rights
Brevo believes you should have the ability to control the Personal Information we collect and hold about you on your own. You can use the methods described below to control how we collect and use your Personal Information.
Customer Accounts:
Customers can change or delete the Personal Information in their accounts at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. A Customer can delete all of their Personal Information on Brevo by closing the account.
Contact Information:
Customers can change or delete their Contacts’ Personal Information at any time by signing into the Platform and editing information or changing settings. Brevo may offer instructions to guide Customers in making additional changes. If a Contact submits a Consumer Privacy Request directly to Brevo, we will relay the request to the applicable Customer for further processing.
Email Communications:
If you are a Customer or Site visitor, we may send you marketing emails about the Services. Customers may also receive informational or support emails from us. If you do not wish to receive these emails, you may change your preferences via the links provided in the emails or by sending a request to dpo@brevo.com to be removed from our email list. Note that if you opt-out of marketing communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Texting Consent:
If you provide us with your wireless phone number, you consent to Brevo sending you informational or service text messages. However, we will only send you marketing text messages if you opt-in to receive these notifications from us. For all Brevo text messages, the number of texts you receive will depend on the Services you use and the information you request from us. You can unsubscribe from Brevo text messages by replying STOP or UNSUBSCRIBE to any of these text messages. Messaging and data charges may apply to any text message you receive or send. Please contact your wireless carrier if you have questions about messaging or data charges.
Do Not Track:
Do Not Track signals are signals sent through a browser informing us that you do not want to be tracked. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. If this changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice.
Depending on where you reside, you may have additional privacy rights or be entitled to additional controls over your Personal Information. Please see our supplemental notices specific to residents of
California
.
Consumer Privacy Requests
If you wish to exercise your privacy rights beyond the methods available through the Platform, or if you want to express concerns, lodge a complaint, or request information, please submit a verifiable Consumer Privacy Request using our online
Consumer Privacy Request
form or by sending an email to dpo@brevo.com.
Note that if you are a Customer’s Contact, then we process your Personal Information as a service provider to the Customer and we cannot fulfill your request directly. In that case, we will relay your request to the appropriate Customer for further processing and fulfillment, provided that we have sufficient information to do so.
Brevo can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. Depending on the circumstances and the nature of your request, we may be unable to fulfill your request in part or in whole, for example, if your request falls within a statutory exception or if fulfilling your request would prevent us from complying with a statutory or contractual obligation.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
This section provides residents of the State of California (“
California Consumers
”) with the disclosures and notices required under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The following paragraphs apply solely to California Consumers and describe the specific rights afforded under the CCPA. California Consumers may exercise the following rights over their Personal Information, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply:
Right to Know:
You have the right to request that we disclose information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information, such as: (i) the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you; (iii) our business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we disclose your Personal Information; and (v) a list of specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If a business sells or shares your Personal Information, you also You also have the right to ask the company to disclose the categories of your Personal Information sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom that Personal information was sold or shared, as well as the categories of Personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information. Brevo is only required to respond to two disclosure requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Access.
You have the right to request that we provide you with access to specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you over the past 12 months (also called a data portability request). If you submit a right to access request, we will provide you with copies of the requested Personal Information in a portable and readily usable format. Please note that Brevo may be prohibited by law from disclosing copies of certain Personal Information when the disclosure would create a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of the information, our systems, or your account. We are only required by law to respond to two access requests from you within a 12-month period.
Right to Correct.
If you discover that we maintain inaccurate Personal Information about you, or if your Personal Information changes, please inform us and we will update our records to reflect the correct information.
Right to Deletion.
You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, with certain exceptions. Brevo may permanently delete, deidentify, or aggregate the Personal Information in response to a request for deletion. If you submit a right to deletion request, we will confirm the Personal Information to be deleted prior to its deletion, and we will notify you when your request is complete.
No Selling Personal Information.
Brevo does not and will never sell your Personal Information to third parties..
Sharing Personal Information.
Brevo may share Personal Information we collect via cookies and other tracing technologies with third parties for cross-contextual behavioral advertising purposes. You can opt-out of this sharing by adjusting your cookie settings or by submitting a
Consumer Privacy Request
.
Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Brevo does not seek to collect sensitive Personal Information from any consumer. If a Customer chooses to input sensitive Personal Information into the Platform, we will not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about any consumer. If this ever changes in the future, we will update this Privacy Notice and provide you with methods to limit use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. However, we have no control over whether our Customers may use or disclose their contacts’ sensitive Personal information for any particular purpose. If you are a Contact of our Customers, please direct any questions about your sensitive Personal Information to the respective Customer.
Right to Nondiscrimination.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by law, we will not: (i) deny you goods or services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services, because you exercised a right under the CCPA.
Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information.
Under California’s Shine the Light Act (Ca. Civ. Code § 1798.83-1798.84), California Consumers are entitled to request certain disclosures about Personal Information sharing with affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes. Please contact us if you wish to obtain these disclosures.
California Consumers may exercise these rights over their Personal Information by logging into their Customer account or by sending us a verifiable
Consumer Privacy Request
, subject to any exceptions and limitations that may apply.
Employee Data Exception
In many cases, the Personal Information we collect about you is in a business-to-business context when you are acting as an employee to a Customer or potential Customer in the performance of your job duties. Please note that Personal Information collected and used in this context is not protected under the CCPA.
Data security
Brevo implements reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. We employ a series of security measures, including a multi-level firewall, encryption, and anti-virus and intrusion detection solutions. All data is stored on secure servers in Tier 3 and PCI DSS certified data centers and is only accessible to our personnel and contractors via authentication measures. We ensure that Brevo employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling your inquiries are informed of applicable privacy law requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information in order to process it.
Please note, however, that no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. We also have no control over our Customers’ security measures or practices, and we make no representations or guarantees that your Personal Information is secure once transmitted or stored on their systems.
It is your responsibility to keep your Customer account secure from unauthorized access. We encourage our Customers to take steps to protect against unauthorized access to their accounts, such as choosing a robust password, keeping the password private, and signing off after using a shared computer or other device. Brevo is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or any unauthorized activity on your account.
Additional terms regarding the use of the Inbox Feature
Brevo’s platform complies with the
Google API Services user Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements. Any use and transfer of information received from Google API’s from Brevo’s platform to any other applications will require to adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Third party websites
The Services may contain links to websites owned or operated by third parties. We have no ability to control, and we are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each website that collects your Personal Information.
Changes to this privacy notice
We may periodically update this Privacy Notice. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by updating this posting or by posting notice in the Services. The date that this Privacy Notice was last revised is identified at the top of the page. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Notice. You are responsible for periodically checking this Privacy Notice for changes.
Contact Brevo
If you have questions about our privacy practices or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at dpo@brevo.com, or by mail at Brevo 1402 Third Avenue, #301, Seattle, WA 98101.
For UK based data subjects, processors, controllers, and the ICO: The representative for the UK according to Article 27 of the UK GPDR can be reached by email: dpo@brevo.com
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies in your browser to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and provide our ad partners with information for ad personalization and measurement.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 5
https://privacy.google.com/:
safety.google/ uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
The safer way to
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
search.
search.
email.
email.
watch.
watch.
shop.
shop.
share.
share.
browse.
browse.
message.
message.
ask.
ask.
meet.
meet.
search.
search.
search.
email.
watch.
shop.
share.
browse.
message.
ask.
meet.
search.
Search
Gmail
Chrome
Maps
YouTube
Photos
Pixel
Assistant
Search
Gmail
Chrome
Maps
YouTube
Photos
Pixel
Assistant
Android
Pay
Meet
Nest
Our
advancements in cybersecurity
Learn more
Safe Browsing protects
4 billion devices,
including yours.
Google Play Protect
scans 100 billion apps,
every day.
Gmail blocks over 100
million phishing attempts,
every day.
Safe Browsing protects
4 billion devices,
including yours.
Google Play Protect
scans 100 billion apps,
every day.
Gmail blocks over 100
million phishing attempts,
every day.
1
2
3
We build privacy tools
that
put you in control.
Easy-to-use privacy and security settings, all in one place.
Go to your Google Account
Turn it on. Turn it off. You control what data gets saved to your account.
Go to Activity controls
If you can search it, browse it or watch it, you can delete it from your account.
Go to My Activity
0
1
2
Need a little help?
Take a checkup.
Security Checkup
Strengthen your security
Get personalised recommendations to strengthen the security of your Google Account.
Complete checkup
Privacy Checkup
Control your privacy
We’ll walk you through key privacy settings step by step, so you can choose what’s right for you.
Complete checkup
Explore how Google helps
keep everyone safer online.
In our products
Learn how your safety is protected in all of Google’s products.
Security and privacy
Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control.
Content safety
Learn how we’re delivering trustworthy information to create a safer Internet for all.
Family safety
Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online.
Cybersecurity
Learn how we keep more people safe online than anyone else in the world.
In our products
Learn how your safety is protected in all of Google’s products.
Security and privacy
Learn how Google protects your private information and puts you in control.
Content safety
Learn how we’re delivering trustworthy information to create a safer Internet for all.
Family safety
Learn how Google helps you manage what's right for your family online.
Cybersecurity
Learn how we keep more people safe online than anyone else in the world.
0
1
2
3
4
Not all products or features may be available in all locations.
Sub-policy 6
https://www.facebook.com/business/news/facebooks-commitment-to-data-protection-and-privacy-in-compliance-with-the-gdpr:
Get started
Advertise
Learn
Support
Log in to Meta for Business
Manage your ad accounts and get personalised support.
Log in with Facebook
Start now
Go to Ads Manager
chevron-down
Create a Page
Facebook Business
January 29, 2018
Facebook's commitment to data protection and privacy in compliance with the GDPR
Share to Facebook
Share with Email
Share to Twitter
Share to LinkedIn
Facebook takes data protection and people's privacy very seriously and we are committed to continuing to comply with data protection laws.
The
General Data Protection Regulation
(GDPR) creates consistent data protection rules across the EU. The GDPR will become effective as of 25 May 2018 and applies to companies based in the EU, as well as to companies around the world who provide or offer goods or services, and who process data from or about people in the EU. While many of the principles of the GDPR build on
current data protection rules
in the EU, the GDPR has a wider scope, more prescriptive standards and substantial fines for compliance violations. For example, it requires companies to obtain a higher standard of consent from customers, where relevant, and broadens individuals' rights with respect to accessing and porting their data.
At Facebook, preparations are well underway to ensure that our products and services comply with the GDPR. Facebook and its affiliates, including Instagram, Oculus and WhatsApp, will all comply with the GDPR. Our team has been working to review and expand our tools to help people manage their privacy and understand their choices with respect to their personal data. We're also expanding our Dublin-led data protection team to support these efforts, and will hire a data protection officer.
We are committed to transparency, control and accountability.
Transparency
: Our Data Policy will remain the single consolidated place that maps out the ways in which we use data and process people's personal information, but we'll also provide education through consent experiences for new and existing users, in-product notifications and consumer education campaign.
Control
: We'll continue to provide people with controls over how their data is used. To build on this, we're simplifying the design of our privacy settings in a new control centre. We'll also provide refreshers for people as they use Facebook, such as reminders that pop up in News Feed about how to double-check your settings.
Accountability
: We are accountable for our privacy practices, which includes updating our existing compliance program to ensure that we are adequately documenting our GDPR review and compliance. We are also meeting with regulators, legislators, experts and academics from around the world to seek feedback.
What this means for businesses
Businesses can continue to use Facebook platforms and solutions in the same way they do today, but just as they are responsible for compliance with the laws that apply to them today, companies are responsible for ensuring their own compliance with the GDPR.
In most cases, Facebook serves people and advertisers as a data controller. Businesses can be confident that Facebook takes its compliance with the GDPR very seriously. There are some key instances, listed below, in which Facebook may serve as a data processor. When Facebook acts as a data processor, businesses are responsible for ensuring that data they share with us complies with the GDPR.
Custom Audiences
: When we match your CRM data to our user database and create a Custom Audience for your advertising campaigns, we are the data processor.
Measurement and analytics
: We process data on your behalf in order to measure the performance and reach of your ad campaigns and provide insights about the people who use your services, and report back to you.
Workplace
: Workplace Premium offerings allow you to collaborate with your colleagues using Facebook's tools. We process personal data as a data processor in order to provide this service to you.
When Facebook provides services to our EU partners as a data processor on their behalf, we'll ensure that we comply with the specific requirements for data processors. This means that we'll refresh any necessary contractual obligations to align with the GDPR.
When we appoint third parties to act as data processors on our behalf, we'll also ensure that we have appropriate terms in place to comply with the GDPR and safeguard our data. And when we act as a data processor on an advertiser's behalf, we will be relying on our advertisers' legal basis as data controller.
For more information, visit the GDPR website.
Learn more
Get Facebook Business news in your inbox.
Sign up for our monthly newsletter for the latest updates, insights, marketing trends and articles from Facebook.
Sign Up
Tags
Tags
Announcements
Tags
Announcements
Was this page helpful?
Yes
No
Related Content
Meta Ads - Reach Customers Online with Ads on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger & WhatsApp
Meta Business Suite: Manage Facebook and Instagram In One Place
Meta Business Help Center: Help, Support & Troubleshooting
Facebook Ads Manager: Ads Management for Facebook, Instagram
Meta Blueprint: Free Online Training for Advertising on Facebook
Facebook Ads Ecosystem: Data Privacy & More
© 2025 Meta
About
Developers
Careers
Privacy
Cookies
Terms
Help Centre
English (UK)
English (US)
Español
Português (Brasil)
Français (France)
Español (España)
More languages
Tiếng Việt
Italiano
Deutsch
ภาษาไทย
中文(台灣)
Bahasa Indonesia
日本語
한국어
中文(简体)
Log in to Meta for Business
Manage your ad accounts and get personalised support.
Log in with Facebook
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 7
https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy:
Print this page
Customer and Partner Agreements
Terms of Service
Acceptable Use Policy
Service and Country Specific Requirements
Data Protection Addendum (DPA)
Security Overview
Service Level Agreements
Advisory Services Terms
Professional Services Terms
Twilio Marketplace Terms
Twilio Segment Customer Data Platform Destination Integration and Listing Terms
AI/ML Terms
European Electronic Communications Code Rights Waiver
Customer Name Changes and Assignments
Updates to Legal Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Data Privacy at Twilio
Privacy Notice
Binding Corporate Rules
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Sub-processors
GDPR
Customer Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
Mobile Application Terms
Twilio Frontline End User App Terms
Twilio Authy App Terms
Supplier Agreements
Supplier Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Country-Specific Terms
Supplier Data Protection Addendum
Supplier Code of Conduct
Intellectual Property
DMCA Policy
Trademark
Resources for Law Enforcement
Government Requests
Transparency Report
Civil Requests
Submit a request or subpoena
Code of Conduct & Ethics Hotline
Twilio Code of Conduct
Ethics and Whistleblower Hotline
Digital Promotions General Rules
Sweepstakes Rules
Customer Research and User Experience
Acknowledgement and Waiver
Legal Notices for Twilio's Web Site
Impressum (Germany)
Italy ALIAS Database Code of Conduct
Code of Conduct (Italy)
Twilio Privacy Notice
Last Updated
:
February 6, 2025
(View the prior version of our privacy notice
here
An icon of a outbound link arrow
)
Introduction
The Privacy program of Twilio Inc. and its
group companies
(‘Twilio’, ‘we’ or ‘our’) is built on our
Binding Corporate Rules
('BCRs'), which serve as our code of conduct that governs our global processing of personal data.
In order to provide products and services ('Services') to our customers and conduct our day-to-day business operations, including the operation of our websites, we collect, use and share, or otherwise process personal data about our customers, our customers’ authorized users ('end user') and their customers, our website visitors and business contacts.
Personal data
is any information that directly identifies you, such as your name and email address, or that indirectly identifies you, for example a phone number or device identifier.
The personal data we may collect and process about you varies depending on our relationship with you. We may have a direct relationship with you because you have set up an account or consented to receive marketing communications from us, or we may have an indirect relationship with you via your relationship with one of our customers; for example you may be their employee or their customer.
We take privacy, data protection and our legal obligations very seriously. We are committed to being transparent with you about how we use personal data. This Privacy Notice ('Notice') aims to describe our privacy practices in a clear, accessible and easy to understand way and to let you know how you can exercise your rights in relation to your data.
This Notice applies where Twilio processes personal data as a
data controller
, in connection with the Services we provide to our customers and the operation of our business, including our websites.  As a data controller, we determine the purpose (why) and means (how) of personal data processing and are ultimately responsible for the correct handling of your data, in accordance with applicable law.  This Notice describes our general privacy practices. Depending on how you interact with us or the specific services you use, additional privacy notices may apply. These supplemental notices will be provided to you at or before the time we collect your personal data. These supplemental notices should be read together with this Notice and are incorporated by reference.
This Notice
does not apply
to the Personal Data we process in relation to job applicants. This is covered by our
Global Applicant Privacy Notice
.
We also process personal data for most of our Services as a
data processor
. As a data processor, we process personal data related to our customers' employees, end users and customers on behalf of our customers to provide Services to them in accordance with their instructions. These instructions are set out in our customer agreements,
Data Protection Addendum
, service specific terms or through a customer's use or configuration of a product feature.  You should contact these organizations directly for information about how they process your personal data as a
data controller
and to exercise your rights in relation to that data.
Contents of our Privacy Notice
Personal Data We Process
How We Process Personal Data
How We Disclose Personal Data
International Data Transfers
How We Secure Personal Data
How Long We Retain Personal Data
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Children
Automated Decision-Making
How to Contact Us
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Twilio Product Privacy
Personal Data We Process
The personal data we collect about you depends on your relationship with us and the purposes for which we process that personal data. The following describes the types of personal data that we collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Personal Data You Share With Us Directly
Contact Information -
When you sign up for a Twilio, Sendgrid or Segment account and use any of our Services, request product information, ask for a call from our sales team, or participate in events, we ask you to provide us with your name, company name, business address, phone number, email address and other contact information. We also ask you to create a password and name your account (or accounts, if you have more than one).
Customer Account Data -
We process certain personal data to manage our relationship with you and administer you or your company’s account. This includes purchase history, names or contact information of individuals authorized to manage the Twilio account on behalf of our customer to set up, access and manage billing. We also collect personal data required to administer use of your account and the Services, and information to allow us to verify your identity for Know Your Customer or other identity verification purposes.
Customer Content -
We receive and store the content of communications received from you or our customers and other personal data uploaded to the Services or generated for our customers’ use as part of the Services, which we may be authorized by you or our customer to use, where necessary for specific legitimate business purposes and in accordance with applicable law.
Marketing and Contact Preferences -
We use information about how you would like to be contacted and choices you have made to send you marketing communications.
Payment Information -
In connection with Services you pay for, we ask you to provide our payment processor with your payment method information like a credit card or your Paypal account and your billing address. Our payment processor, acting on our behalf, gathers this so we can bill you for your use of our Services. Our payment processor will share your billing address with Twilio for this purpose.
Personalization Details -
Some of our products, such as our short code service, may require you to complete an application form by providing details about your or your company’s  intended use of the product to determine eligibility for these products.
Professional Information -
The information we process about you with respect to your employment or profession, including company, job title, email address, phone number and online business networking profile.
Subscriber Records -
For some of our communications products, we may also obtain proof of identity from you or our customer that includes a proof of address, name, physical address, or other identification information. For example, to use our
Trust Hub
or to obtain a phone number in certain countries, local law may require us to have a physical service address on file for the individual who will be using that Twilio number, whether that’s you or our customer's end user.
Support and Feedback -
When you interact with us on our websites including through our AI chatbots (e.g. our Help Center Assistant), over the phone or via email, we process the phone number or email address that you use, the content of your interaction and the feedback you provide about our Services. You may also provide us with feedback about our Services in surveys and questionnaires. We will let you know when a call may be recorded, in accordance with applicable law.
Personal Data We Generate or Collect Automatically
Communications Usage Data -
When you or our customers use Twilio communications products, we collect electronic communications metadata, such as phone numbers and routing information, the source and destination of a communication, location of the device generated in the context of delivering the communication, date, time, duration and type of communication, status of the message, error data and traffic records.
Device Information and IP Addresses -
When you use our account portal, we collect your IP address and device information through tracking technologies like cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies. We also collect IP addresses when you make requests to our APIs and in our server logs. Additionally, we collect information about your device, such as your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, unique identifiers, and general location information such as city or town when you use our account portal.
We do not collect precise geolocation information.
Online Activity Information -
When you visit Twilio websites, including our web forms, we use tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, and pixels to collect the following data: your device and browser, time zone setting, web pages visited, products you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, IP address.
Security Identifiers or SIDs -
When you sign up for an account with Twilio, we’ll automatically assign you and each of your accounts a unique security ID and generate an API token for each account. We keep a record of these credentials so we know it is you making the requests when your application makes requests to our API using these credentials.
Customer Proprietary Network Information -
When you use certain US voice-based communications services, Twilio collects information associated with your service usage. This includes information such as the number of phone calls, call destinations, call locations, type, and service configuration, and is known as Customer Proprietary Network Information ('CPNI'). CPNI does not include information such as your name, address, phone number, or the content of phone calls. We use CPNI to market Twilio-related Services to which you are not already subscribed unless you have exercised your right to opt out. For information about your CPNI choices, see the section “
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
” below.
Personal Data Collected From Other Sources
Add-On Service Data -
In the event you purchase our Services through one of our
Add-On Partners
, they may share your personal data with us to fulfill their contractual obligations. Add-On Partners may share your personal data in the form of leads when you download Twilio content on the Add-On Partner’s website or you participate in events and webinars of which Twilio is a sponsor.
Professional Data -
We collect certain personal data such as employment or professional information from sources other than you. We may combine this data with other personal data that you share with us.
Publicly-Available Sources -
We may also use publicly-available information about you that we have gathered through services like LinkedIn, or we may obtain information about you or your company from third party providers, such as your industry, the size of your company, and your company’s website URL.
Social Media Data -
Social media service providers such as Google, LinkedIn, and Meta may provide us with information about you, in accordance with your privacy settings on those sites.
Telecommunication Data -
We receive communication-related data from telecommunications operators, aggregators and carriers that may include phone type, carrier history, SIM status and history, city and/or country where phone was first registered, contract and account type, IP address city and/or country and a validation result of personal data provided by our customer and whether it matches data held by the carrier.
How We Process Personal Data
The purposes for which we process personal depends on your relationship with us. We only use personal data that is necessary to fulfill the specified purposes listed below as applicable to you and in accordance with applicable data protection law.
Purpose
Personal Data Processed
Legal Basis for Processing
Creating and managing accounts, including verification of the identity of our customer’s end user for Know-Your-Customer (KYC) or identity verification purposes.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Professional Information
Subscriber Records
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Carrying out Twilio’s core business operations, such as account administration, accounting, auditing and compliance, business analytics, filing taxes, finance, forecasting, consolidated management and reporting, product strategy and revenue planning.
Add-On Service Data
Professional Information
Customer Account Data
Support and Feedback
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Billing and relationship management.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Communications Usage Data
Payment Information
Legitimate Interest
Providing, optimizing and maintaining our Services and, platform, including debugging and troubleshooting.
Add-On Service Data
Subscriber Records
Online Activity Information
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Preventing, detecting and investigating security incidents and managing the security of Twilio’s platform, services, websites and accounts.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Preventing, detecting, or investigating abuse or misuse of Twilio’s platform or Services , including spam, fraud, illegal activities, or violations of the
Twilio Acceptable Use Policy
,
or assisting telecommunications service providers, regulators, or law enforcement agencies with combating spam, fraud, or illegal activities.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Contact Information
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Telecommunications Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Legal Obligation
Determining eligibility for certain Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Payment Information
Personalization Details
Subscriber Records
Legitimate Interest
For routing and connectivity purposes to send messages on behalf of our customers, including transmitting, distributing and exchanging communications using phone numbers, either through the public switched telephone network or other communications networks.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Legitimate Interest
Providing customer support, including responding to your requests and communicating with you about your account and use of the services, including suspicious activity or security alerts.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Professional Information
Support and Feedback
Security Identifier
Other personal data provided by requestor
Legitimate interest
Sending important notifications about our Services.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Complying with legal and regulatory obligations, telecommunication service provider requirements and communications industry codes of practice.
Subscriber Records
Customer Content
Communications Usage Data
Customer Account Data
Legitimate Interest
Sending marketing communications in accordance with your marketing preferences.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Analyzing your interest in our Services and delivering marketing campaigns that are relevant to you.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Security Identifier
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Deploying cookies and other tracking technologies in accordance with your online settings.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Understanding how visitors navigate our websites, and tracking and optimizing the performance of our advertising activities.
Device Information
Online Activity Information
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Understanding how customers are using our platform and improving the website navigation experience.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Online Activity Information
Professional Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Conducting questionnaires and surveys to improve our Services and provide training to our employees.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Personalization Details
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Managing your participation in our events and webinars and granting you access to whitepapers and on-demand resources.
Add-On Service Data
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Professional Data
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Collecting sales insights and performing lead scoring.
Contact Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing our business by updating, expanding, and analyzing our customer relationship records.
Contact Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Professional Data
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Consent
Identifying potential job candidates.
Publicly Available Sources
Social Media Data
Legitimate Interest
Developing or improving our Services, including anonymizing, de-identifying, pseudonymizing and aggregating personal data for this purpose.
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Customer Account Data
Personalization Details
Support and Feedback
Legitimate Interest
As otherwise authorized by you or our customer in Service specific terms or through your or our customer’s use and configuration of features in a product.
Data used will vary based on customer authorization
Legitimate Interest
Protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors and our properties.
Contact Information
Customer Account Data
Legal Obligation
Protecting the rights and freedoms of individuals, meeting legal or regulatory obligations, including complying with valid court orders, disclosure requests, subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
Add-On Service Data
Communications Usage Data
Customer Content
Device Information and IP
Addresses
Online Activity Information
Marketing and Contact Preferences
Payment Information
Subscriber Records
Telecommunication Data
Security Identifier
Legal Obligation
Legitimate Interest
How We Disclose Personal Data
We disclose personal data to third parties in limited circumstances in order to provide the Services and to otherwise run our business. Below are the different scenarios under which we may disclose your data to third parties.
Telecommunications Service Providers
Twilio’s communications products provide an easier way for developers to build applications that make use of the publicly switched telephone network ('PSTN') to send communications. Therefore, we engage with a global network of telecommunications operators, aggregators, carriers and other communication service providers (collectively, “telecommunications service providers”) as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How telecommunications service providers handle this data is generally determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Where telecommunications service providers transmit the content of a communication, they function neither as data controllers nor data processors, instead they act simply as a conduit to transmit communication content. In the event telecommunications services providers process any personal data for their own purposes such as communications metadata required to transmit the message, or for billing or fraud prevention purposes, they also act as data controllers.
We may have to share Subscriber Records with local government authorities or local telecommunications carriers that provide connectivity services. However, we don’t share subscriber records for purposes other than this, and we treat these records with our highest confidentiality.
Other Communications Service Providers
For proper routing and connectivity, Twilio also enables sending or receiving communications through communications service providers that do not use the PSTN, these are referred to as Over-the-Top ('OTT') communications service providers. If you or our customer chooses to use Twilio to send or receive communications by way of these providers, Twilio will disclose communications content and other data to these providers as necessary to route and connect those communications from the sender to the intended recipient. How those OTT communications service providers, as data controllers, handle this data is determined by their own policies and local regulations.
Third Party Service Providers
Twilio engages third-party vendors and service providers to carry out certain personal data processing functions on our behalf. These providers are limited to only accessing or using personal data to provide services to us and must provide reasonable assurances they will appropriately safeguard the data.
Add-On Partners
Add-ons are additional features, functionality or services offered by Twilio’s Add-on partners (who are third parties not affiliated with Twilio). Twilio may make Add-ons available through the Twilio Marketplace. Some Add-ons may need to access or collect some of your information, including personal data. If you choose to use an Add-on, Twilio will disclose your information to the Add-on partner so you can use the Add-on. Twilio does not control Add-on partners’ use of your information and their use of your information will be in accordance with their own policies. If you do not want your information to be disclosed to an Add-on partner, then you should not use the Add-on.
Twilio Group Members
We may disclose your personal data among Twilio Group Members. Twilio Group Members will only use the information as described in this Notice. Twilio Group Members are listed in Appendix 1 in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
Compliance with Legal Obligations
We may disclose your personal data to a third party if:
If we reasonably believe that disclosure is compelled by applicable law, regulation, legal process, or a government request (including to meet national security, emergency services, or law enforcement requirements);
to enforce our agreements and policies;
to protect the security or integrity of our Services;
to protect ourselves, our other customers, or the public from harm or illegal activities, including security threats, spam and fraud; or
to respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose data to assist in preventing a death or serious bodily injury.
For more details, please see the procedure laid out in our
Binding Corporate Rules
.
If Twilio is required by law to disclose any personal data about you, we will notify you or our customers of the disclosure requirement to the extent legally permitted and where Twilio determines such disclosure will not interfere with an ongoing investigation. Further, we object to information requests we do not believe were issued properly.
Business Transfers
In connection with a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal data about you may be part of the assets transferred or disclosed in connection with the due diligence for any such transaction. If required by law, we will notify you prior to such a transfer and provide you with information about any choices you may have with respect to your personal data.
Aggregated, Anonymized or De-identified Data
Aggregated, anonymized and de-identified data may be derived by Twilio from your personal data but is generally not considered personal data under data protection law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. We may use and disclose de-identified, anonymized or aggregated data to third parties. We do not disaggregate or reidentify de-identified data.
International Data Transfers
As a global organization, we may need to transfer your personal data to Twilio affiliates, contractors, service providers and third parties in various countries and jurisdictions around the world. When we transfer your personal data, we take care to use appropriate safeguards to ensure your personal data remains protected.
Data Transfers to the United States and Elsewhere
When you use our account portal, or our other Services, your personal data may be transferred to the United States, where our primary processing facilities are located, and possibly to other countries where we or our service providers operate.
Safeguards for Data Transfers
Twilio employs appropriate safeguards for cross-border transfers of personal data, as required by applicable local law.
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF“)
As set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce Twilio is officially certified under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and Swiss-U.S. DPF and relies on these certifications as its primary transfer mechanisms for transfers of personal data from the EU and Switzerland to the U.S. Twilio adheres to the DPF principles for onward transfers of personal data to third parties and remains liable for damages caused by third parties under the DPF unless Twilio did not cause the event giving rise to damage. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Twilio’s compliance with the DPF. To learn more about the DPF Program, and to view our certifications, please visit the
DPF website
.
Twilio’s Binding Corporate Rules
Twilio has established and implemented a set of
Binding Corporate Rules
for internal transfers of personal data between Twilio Group Members in the European Union and Twilio Group Members elsewhere as a data controller. Twilio’s BCRs have been approved by European Union Data Protection Authorities and are a commitment by Twilio to adequately protect personal data that Twilio processes regardless of where the information resides. You can access Twilio’s BCR-Controller Policy
here
.
Where neither the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, Swiss-EU DPF nor Twilio's BCRs apply, we rely instead on other data transfer mechanisms to transfer personal data outside the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland, such as Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK’s International Data Transfer Agreement.
APEC CBPR & PRP Participation
Twilio’s privacy practices, described in this Notice, comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (“CBPR”) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) Systems. The APEC, CBPR and PRP systems provide a framework for organizations to ensure protection of personal data transferred among participating APEC economies. More information about the APEC framework can be found
here
.
How We Secure Personal Data
To protect personal data from loss, or unauthorized use, access or disclosure, Twilio uses reasonable and appropriate security measures designed to protect the security of your personal data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the personal data we collect, process and store and the current state of technology.  All systems used to support our business are governed by Twilio’s Information Security Policy and Standards which are built on industry standards and best practices such as the ISO 27001 and NIST standards. More information about our security measures can be found in our
Security Overview
.
How Long We Retain Personal Data
We endeavor not to retain personal data in a form which permits identification of individuals for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which that data is processed. We retain personal data in accordance with Twilio's record retention policies and guidelines as revised and updated from time to time.
Twilio will store your Customer Account Data as long as needed to provide you or our customer with the Services and to operate our business. If you ask Twilio to delete specific personal data from your Customer Account Data (see ‘
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
’ below), we will honor this request, unless deleting that information prevents us from carrying out necessary business functions, such as billing for our services, calculating taxes, or conducting required audits.
Your Rights and Choices About Your Data
Depending on the data protection laws applicable to you, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal data that we process as a data controller:
that we provide details about the categories of personal data that we collect about you, including how we collect and share it;
that we provide you access to, and a copy of, the personal data we collect about you;
that we update or correct any inaccurate personal data we have about you;
that we delete the personal data we have about you;
that we restrict processing of personal data about you;
that we provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used format and to transmit that information to another controller, and where feasible, transmit the information directly;
that we provide you with the right to object to the processing of personal data, including profiling;
that we provide you with a free, easy mechanism to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes;
that you not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, that produces legal effects or similarly affects your individual rights;
to withdraw your consent; and
to complain to a competent supervisory authority and/or to commence proceedings in a court of competent jurisdiction.
Twilio will honor your rights subject to limitations in certain situations, such as where Twilio can demonstrate that it has a legal requirement or legitimate interest to process your data or can legitimately apply an exemption to the exercise of a right under applicable law. More information about these rights can be found in our Binding Corporate Rules Controller Policy
Rule 10
and
Appendix 3
.
If you are a
US resident
interested in what personal data we have disclosed lately for our business purposes, here’s a list:
Identifiers
Commercial information
Financial information
Internet or other electronic activity information
Geolocation information
Professional or employment information
By “our business purposes,” we mean that we only disclose personal data as we describe in the section "
How We Disclose Personal Data
" above.  Also, as described in the “How We Use Cookies & Other Tracking technologies” section below, we process personal data to deliver ads targeted to your interests on other companies’ websites and mobile apps. Some of these activities may be considered “sharing” or “targeted advertising” under certain laws. You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, and can do so by adjusting your preferences using our Cookie Preferences Tool located on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
You also have the right to request the restriction of processing of your sensitive personal information. Where applicable, the respective sensitive personal information will be marked accordingly and may only be processed by us for certain purposes. At the current time, however, we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than those expressed in this Privacy Notice or otherwise permitted by applicable law, and these uses cannot be limited under California law.
You may have additional rights under our
Binding Corporate Rules
in the EU. For example, where you believe your personal data has been transferred by an EU-based Twilio company to our US headquarters and processed by the US company in breach of the Binding Corporate Rules, you may have a right to:
Lodge a complaint with the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe;
Lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in the same country as the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe; and
Bring a court action against the Twilio company that transferred your data outside Europe.
If Twilio processes your personal data as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will either direct you to contact our customer to exercise your rights.
How To Exercise Your Rights and Choices
The following sections provide information about how to exercise certain rights in relation to your personal data. To exercise any other rights, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
Accessing and Controlling Account Data
As part of our Services, we provide you with a number of self-service features at no additional cost within the Twilio console itself, including the ability to access your data, update any incorrect data, download a copy of your data, delete your data, or restrict the use of your data. You can make various choices about your Customer Account Data through the account portal when you log into your Twilio account or through the marketing preferences center. Any other requests about your data you cannot make through these self-service tools, you can request by contacting
Customer Support
.
Closing Your Account and Deletion
To request closure or deletion of your Twilio account, you can contact
Customer Support
. Please be aware that closure or deletion of your Twilio account will result in you permanently losing access to your account and the data in the account. After closure of your account, certain information associated with your account may remain on Twilio’s servers in an aggregated form that does not identify you. Similarly, after you close your account, we will retain data — including personal data — associated with your account that we are required to maintain for legal purposes or for necessary business operations (see “
How Long We Retain Personal  Data
” section above) until it’s no longer needed.
Identity Verification
In some instances, we will need to verify your identity before honoring your request. We will generally verify your identity by asking you to provide personal data related to your recent interactions with us. Thereafter, we will process your request and inform you of any decisions we have made about your request.  Additionally, you may exercise your privacy rights through an authorized agent. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
.
We won’t discriminate against you or change the price of our services if you make a request, but if you ask us to delete your data, it may affect your ability to use our Services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
As an individual Twilio account holder or as an authorized representative of a Twilio customer in the US, you have the right to restrict Twilio’s use of
CPNI
. To opt-out of the use of CPNI data related to your Twilio account to market other Twilio Services based on your usage of our Services, click
here
.  Please note that, if you have subscribed for the services on behalf of an organization, the CPNI relates to the service usage by that organization and not you individually. Opting-out of the use of CPNI for marketing will not unsubscribe you from other types of marketing contacts from Twilio and will not affect the status of the services you currently have with us. Your approval or opt-out of the use of your CPNI outside of the services to which you are already subscribed is valid until you affirmatively revoke or limit such approval.
Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time through your marketing preferences page by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from Twilio. You can also
update your communication preferences
using our online form or contact our
Customer Support
Team to communicate your choice to opt out. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as password reset emails, billing emails, or notifications of updates to our terms, unless you deactivate your account.
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Twilio uses common information gathering tools such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar tracking technologies to automatically collect information as you navigate our websites, your account or when you interact with emails we send to you.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. Cookies allow Twilio to identify your device as you navigate our websites or your account. This makes navigating and interacting with our websites or your account more efficient, easy and meaningful for you.
Twilio uses both session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are cookies that disappear from your computer or browser when you turn off your computer. Persistent cookies stay on your computer even after you’ve turned it off.
The cookies on our websites fall into three categories: (1) Required Cookies, (2) Functional Cookies, and (3) Advertising Cookies. To learn more about each category of cookie, you can visit our cookie consent tool by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting.
Manage Your Cookie Preferences
Twilio uses a cookie consent tool, which you can utilize to customize your cookie preferences. When you visit our website for the first time, a cookie consent banner will pop up and ask you to customize your cookie preferences. If you decide to change your preferences at a later date, you can easily do so by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” link on the bottom right of the Twilio website you are visiting. Please note that Required Cookies cannot be disabled and if you decide to opt-out of Functional Cookies, certain functionality of our websites or your account may be impacted.  Any choices concerning cookies are browser and/or device specific. If you clear your cookies from your browser on any of your devices, your choices will need to be reset.
Manage Cookies Using Your Browser
In addition to using our Cookie Consent tool, you can use your browser settings to opt out of Functional Cookies and Advertising Cookies. For more information on how to do that, click
here
. To manage privacy and storage settings for cookies, click
here
.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanisms
Global Privacy Control (GPC) and Do Not Track (DNT) are tools that you can use to inform websites of your privacy preferences in regard to ad trackers. To set up GPC, you can visit the
Global Privacy Control
page. To set DNT, you can visit the
All About DNT
page. Please note that this may impact the functionality of our websites or your account.
Opt Out of Advertising Cookies
To learn more about how to opt out of targeting and advertising cookies, you can go to the
Your Online Choices
page, the
Network Advertising Initiative
page, and the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer Choice
page. These opt-out tools are provided by third parties, not Twilio. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
Web Beacons
Twilio also uses web beacons to gather data about your use of our websites, your account, and how you interact with emails we have sent to you. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of data on your computer, like when you view a particular website tied to the web beacon, and a description of a website tied to the web beacon. Additionally, we may put web beacons in marketing emails that notify us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to a Twilio website.
Children
Our Services are not directed to or intended to be used by children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK, or 16 in the EEA). We do not knowingly permit children to sign up for a Twilio account. If we become aware that a child has signed up for an account, we will take reasonable steps to deactivate the account and remove their personal data from our records as quickly as possible. If you believe an underage person has signed up for a Twilio account, please contact us at
privacy@twilio.com
with the subject line “Children”.
Automated Decision Making
Automated decision-making occurs when an electronic system uses personal data to make a decision about you, without human involvement. Twilio uses automated decision-making leveraging a variety of signals derived from records we collect or obtain from third party vendors, to help monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity.  We may also use this information to evaluate your account application and make decisions about whether to approve or decline. If your account is suspended or not approved under these circumstances you will be notified and given an opportunity to request human review of the decision.
We may rely on other automated decision-making where:
We have notified you of the decision and provided you with the opportunity to request a human review of the decision
It is necessary to perform a contract with you and appropriate measures are in place to safeguard your rights
We have your consent and we have put in place appropriate measures to safeguard your rights
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Notice or our data protection practices, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing us at
privacy@twilio.com
or by writing to us at any of the following addresses:
Worldwide Headquarters
Twilio Inc.
101 Spear Street, 5th Floor
San Francisco CA 94105
EEA Headquarters
Twilio Ireland Limited
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296, Ireland
Complaints
We will endeavor to resolve questions, concerns or complaints you raise with us in accordance with our
Complaints Handling Procedure
. In the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your concern, you can find information about your options to seek assistance through independent dispute resolution mechanisms or complaints to your local data protection authority
here
.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Twilio commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, and/or Switzerland. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
You have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance that are not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms. You can find more information in the DPF
ANNEX-I-introduction.
If your question or complaint relates to personal data we process as a data processor on behalf of a customer, we will direct you to contact our customer to address your question or complaint.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We will periodically review this Notice and may change it to address legal, technical or business development requirements or make clarifications. When we change this Notice, the most current version will be available at
https://www/twilio.com/legal/privacy
with the date indicating when it was last updated. If we make material changes that affect your rights, we will provide you with advance notice, such as by posting a message in the Twilio console or sending an email to the address we have on file for you. We will comply with applicable law with respect to any changes we make to this Notice. We will also seek your consent to material changes, where required by applicable law.
Twilio Product Privacy
Twilio offers a range of industry-leading communications and customer data platform services to our customers. Depending on the Service, Twilio may be a data controller and data processor of personal data used to provide the Services.
Twilio processes personal data (Communications Usage Data and Customer Content) for most of our Services as a data processor acting on the instruction of our customer and in accordance with the terms of our agreement with a customer, our
Data Protection Addendum
, and service specific terms. Our Services provide customers with ways to control, access and secure their data.
We also offer customers the ability to store, delete, access, or exercise other choices about their personal data. The ability to make these choices depends on the Service being used and how it is being used by a customer. Customers are referred to our
API docs
for each of our Services, along with SendGrid’s
documentation
and Segment’s
documentation
to find more detailed information about managing personal data collected and stored in connection with their use of our Services. We also provide an overview of our retention and deletion practices, including how to delete data you control in our
support documentation
. We provide information about the security measures we use to protect our customer’s data  in our
Security Overview
, and if you are located in a country that requires you to obtain information about our supplemental measures, you may read more about those measures
here
.
For some of the Services we also act as a data controller where disclosed and agreed to by our customer in the agreement, Data Protection Addendum, product specific terms or via the customers’ use and configuration of a product or feature.As a data controller, Twilio is responsible for the processing of the personal data.
For more detail on our Services, please find information below or by visiting our
products page
.
Authy
The Authy service is our standalone two-factor authentication (2FA) service for desktop and mobile. The Authy apps generate one time passwords and push notifications that can be used as a part of a two-step verification process with your Authy-compatible accounts to add another layer of security. Authy’s 2FA can be used on its own or with applications that directly integrate with Authy’s 2-factor authentication API.
Due to the nature of the Authy service, Twilio collects the following additional personal data elements to our other Services:
Identifiers
Once you open the Authy app, we ask you to provide us with a phone number to create your Authy account. We send a verification code to that phone number to be sure that the person creating the Authy account also has control over the phone number entered. This phone number is considered your “primary device,” and will be the identifier for your Authy account. We use that phone number to identify you, to provide you 2FA services, and to maintain logs for security and anti-fraud purposes. We also collect your email address, and we use it for identity verification and account recovery purposes.
Device Information
When you download and open the Authy desktop or mobile app, we automatically collect information about the type of device you have downloaded the app on and your device identifier. We collect this to ensure we deliver the right version of the app for your device and so that we can provide appropriate follow up support as necessary. We also use your device information to ensure proper delivery of our service and to provide and deliver support and maintenance of the Authy app.
Login History and Authy Account History
When you use an Authy token to log into an account, whether the token was generated on the app or one sent to you via your phone number, we collect and keep information associated with your login activity including information like your IP address, what application you logged in to, that you logged in, and when. If you change your phone number or email associated with your Authy account, we will also keep a log of that. We collect this information to monitor for suspicious activity and also as another piece of information that could be used to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Geolocation information
If you have location services turned on, we collect your location based on your IP address. We use this information for anti-fraud purposes, to check for suspicious activity and as another piece of information we can use to verify your identity if we suspect your account may be compromised.
Frontline Services
To use the Frontline services, you must log in to the Frontline app using a third party account (through your Single Sign-On provider). The authentication of your login details is handled by that third party and we only collect the information you expressly agree to share with us at the time you give permission to link the Frontline app with the third party account. We only gather the information you and our customers give us access to, and we only use it for the purposes for which you and our customers have provided it to us. Please see the
Frontline App Terms
for specific details about your relationship with us.
SendGrid Services
The SendGrid services also collect additional data in the form of web beacons placed in the body of emails delivered using the SendGrid platform. This allows us to keep track of whether or not an email has been delivered, opened, clicked on, whether it bounced or was treated as spam. You can learn more about web beacons in the section titled “
How We Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
” above.
Voice Intelligence
Voice Intelligence incorporates artificial intelligence and machine learning to transcribe and analyze voice calls into a structured format that allows our customers to drive their business processes. To translate voice calls into structured content, Twilio processes certain data as a controller, including personal data contained in voice calls disclosed to us by our customer through their use of the service.
Sub-policy 8
https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev:
Sorry.
We were not able to process your request. Please try again later.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.safecharge.com/privacy-policy/:
Subscribe now
Stay informed with Nuvei’s updates on payments, innovations, and strategies to accelerate your business.
Thank you! Your submission has been received!
Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.
Skip Navigation
Nuvei Homepage
Solutions
PAYMENTS
Pay-ins
Omnichannel payment solutions
Payouts
Fast & efficient funds disbursements
Global acquiring
International payment acceptance
Bank transfers
Reliable bank-to-bank transactions
Real-time payments
Instantaneous transaction processing
Nuvei for Platforms
Seamless payment system integration
Alternative payment methods
Over 700 diverse payment options
Revenue accelerators
Authorization optimization
Maximize transaction approvals
Fraud & risk management
Minimize threats & safeguard data
Chargeback resolution
Efficient dispute & refund handling
Currency management
Manage global currency exchange
Reconciliation management
Automate payment reconciliation
Supporting services
Integration options
Flexible & vast connectivity solutions
Issuing
Physical or virtual payment cards
Banking services
Embedded finance & digital banking
Analytics dashboard
Actionable data & metrics
Crypto & digital assets
Blockchain payment technologies
Payment orchestration
Control & manage the payment process
Use Cases
Global Commerce
Online retail
Ecommerce payment solutions
Travel & mobility
Payments for travel-related services
Marketplaces
Facilitate secure payments between users
Online gaming
Payments for online & mobile games
Financial services
Payment solutions for finance
Crypto platforms & exchanges
Blockchain payment technologies
Digital content & subscriptions
Recurring payment management
Video gaming
Monetization solutions for games
Vertical Software
Business to business
B2B payment facilitation
Government
Public sector payment solutions
Independent software vendors
Software integration payments
SMB
Small & medium sized businesses
SMB tailored payment solutions
Developers
Developer tools
Simplify the integration process
API references docs
Technical API documentation
Documentation center
Guides & resources for developers
Partners
Partner with us
Explore partnership opportunities
Partner DNA
Discover our partnership philosophy
Partner products & solutions
Technology & services for partners
Partner tools & support
Dedicated resources & assistance
About Us
Who we are
Learn about our company
Case studies
Our success stories & achievements
Newsroom
Press releases and latest news
Careers
Join our team & advance your career
Blog
Insights & updates from our experts
Interviews & webinars
Thought leadership & industry insights
Get in touch
Merchants / sales
Contact sales & explore services
Partners
Connect for partnership opportunities
Developers
Developer support & technical queries
Resources & Support
Customer support
Assistance for payment queries
Merchant resources
Guides & tips for merchants
Industry reports
Insights & trends in payments
Solutions
Use cases
Developers
Partners
About us
Resources & support
EN
FR
ES
IT
DE
PT (BR)
中文 (简体)
日本語
Contact us
Login
Contact us
english
Français
Español
italiano
Deutsch
Português
中文 (简体)
日本語
Clear
Choose an option
All results
0
Solutions & platform
0
News
0
Articles & insights
0
Regulatory & compliance 0
General info
0
Solutions & platform
0
News
0
Articles & insights
0
Regulatory & compliance
0
Canada bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
canada-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with Interac and Instant Bank Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with the power of Canada Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Simple, flexible online bank payments
Supercharge your business by easily integrating Interac into your payment system. Experience lightning-fast payments through direct account-to-account transfers.
Join forces with the robust interbank network of Canadian financial institutions, processing billions of transactions annually.
A fast and secure way to transfer money between private and business accounts
Interac solutions seamlessly power transactions across the nation's leading financial institutions and are universally accepted at over half a million locations
Move funds quickly with faster and instant payment options
Cost-effective alternative to credit cards
Unify features through a single integration
Your ultimate instant bank transfer solution
Discover Instant Bank Transfer (IBT), your ultimate solution for secure and seamless payment verification in Canada.
IBT streamlines deposit and withdrawal processes while ensuring top-notch identity verification. Trust in IBT's cutting-edge risk management technology to safeguard your transactions and provide a hassle-free experience.
Boost conversion with a fast, secure mobile experience
Seamless user experience with Xpress 1-click payments
Easy and fast deposits for ultimate convenience
Enjoy higher transaction limits, up to $100,000
Cutting-edge risk management for enhanced security
Frictionless flows and instant payments
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments instantly, in a matter of seconds.
Benefit from enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, and mobile-centric customer journey.
Instant payments for customers and businesses in seconds
Enhanced conversion rates with a smooth mobile user journey
Lower payment processing costs by bypassing card network charges
UK bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
uk-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with Faster Payments and Pay with Bank Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with the power of UK Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Simple, flexible online bank payments
Experience instant money transfers, bypass card network limitations, and harness the power of trusted banking connections.
Save time and money with processing through the Faster Payments network while offering a reliable and affordable alternative to credit cards.
Swift and secure transactions between UK bank accounts
24/7 accessibility for uninterrupted financial transactions
Real-time money transfers for a delay-free payment experience
Enjoy the convenience of a generous £1,000,000 per transaction limit
Cost-effective alternative to credit cards
Unify features through a single integration
Secure, direct bank payments for effortless transactions
Enjoy secure, hassle-free payments directly from your bank account with Pay with Bank transfer, powered by American Express but accessible to all.
Boost conversion with a fast, secure mobile experience
Enhanced security with bank authentication, no shared payment details
Broadly accepted, not limited to AMEX, for UK bank users
Low-cost, simple fee structure with easy reconciliation
Frictionless flows and instant payments
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments instantly, in a matter of seconds.
Benefit from enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, and mobile-centric customer journey.
Instant payments for customers and businesses in seconds
Enhanced conversion rates with a smooth mobile user journey
Lower payment processing costs by bypassing card network charges
EU bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
eu-bank-transfer
Unlock seamless financial transactions with SEPA and SEPA Instant Credit Transfer. Enjoy rapid, secure payments anytime, anywhere.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with EU Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless and rapid transactions online or via phone, with instant payment options for quick fund movement. With robust security and customizable fraud prevention, our reliable solutions offer comprehensive, transparent reporting for your convenience.
Fast, reliable online bank payments
SEPA (Single Euro Payments Area) transforms E.U. cashless transactions, offering rapid euro transfers, 24/7, and near-instant processing for all participants.
With a single integration, supercharge your operations, fulfill orders faster, and boost cash flow with lightning-fast, real-time payments. Providing customers with unparalleled convenience, no matter where they are.
Instant payments are the closest substitute to cash: the transfer of money is immediate
24/7/365 accessibility for uninterrupted financial transactions
Real-time money transfers for a delay-free payment experience
Reduce payment processing costs by cutting out fees from card schemes
Enjoy higher transaction limits, up to €100,000
Bypass card network limits for maximum payment flexibility
Customers and businesses can make and receive payments in a matter of seconds using their trusted bank relationships.
Enhanced conversion rates, an improved user path offering a smooth, mobile-centric customer journey. Decreased payment processing expenses by eliminating charges associated with card networks.
Consumers and merchants can pay and get paid instantly, within seconds
Higher conversion rates, a better user journey providing a seamless, customer experience
Reduce payment processing costs by cutting out fees from card schemes
Customer authentication and zero chargeback guarantee
Safeguard your business with highly secure bank transfers
Protect your customers' data and prevent fraud. Say goodbye to chargebacks with our guaranteed solution.
Consumers and merchants can pay and get paid instantly, within seconds
Chargeback guarantee solution available
Conveniently access comprehensive, consolidated reporting
U.S. bank transfer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
us-bank-transfer
Discover Nuvei's U.S. Bank Transfer services for seamless, rapid, and secure payments. Leverage ACH, RTP, and FedNow networks for flexible money transfers.
Simplify, accelerate, and secure your payments with U.S. Bank Transfer
Enjoy effortless transactions, instant payment options, and transparent reporting. Protect your business with our Assured Funds guarantee.
‍
Simple, flexible ACH payments
Empower your customers with a cost-effective, convenient payment solution. Debit funds directly from bank accounts for single or repeat transactions.
Save time and money with processing via Automated Clearing House (ACH), Real-time Payments (RTP®), and FedNow.
Simplify payments for clients with a seamless checkout
Streamline banking information entry - no physical card is needed
Secure digital enrollment for swift, authenticated payments
Process one-time or recurring transactions effortlessly
Economical alternative to credit and debit cards
Protection for your business, guaranteed
Mitigate payment risks effectively with Nuvei's Assured Funds, an insurance solution designed to protect businesses from potential losses caused by unauthorized, returned payments.
Assured Essential
Ensures protection against unpaid transactions and fraud. We assume the risk and handle collections, letting you focus on business.
Assured Complete
Guarantees funds on all returns, including unauthorized returns. Rapid merchant funding accelerates settlement and payment.
Instantly validate accounts for secure, timely payments
Prevent fraud and reduce returns with smart approval logic. We offer three validation levels for your unique business needs.
Basic
Enhanced security, real-time validation, and commercially reasonable bank account validation.
Enhanced
Powerful add-on that offers a deeper level of validation and greater fraud prevention.
Premier
Reduces administrative and NSF returns by providing the latest status of customer bank accounts.
Process paper checks electronically
Check 21+ is a cutting-edge payment solution that allows merchants to process paper checks electronically.
With this innovative technology, merchants can say goodbye to time-consuming trips to the bank and hello to faster, safer processing.
Enjoy higher checks limits and fewer limitations
Avoid ACH restrictions
Eliminate risk with guaranteed protection
Accept checks in person, by mail, or at a drop box location
Retrieve payments quickly with electronic deposits
Issuing
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
issuing
Discover Nuvei's seamless issuing payment solutions, including customizable physical and virtual cards, unified acquiring and issuing, and data-driven insights.
Small changes, significant impact
Just like a finely tuned race car, every marginal improvement in your payment processes can lead to big growth. Maximize your approval rates and revenue with Nuvei's issuing solution.
Turbocharge your brand
Elevate your brand with Nuvei’s customizable physical cards.
Put your brand in your customers’ wallets and give them ability to pay with your card for their day-to-day expenses.
Tailor cards and wallets to reflect your brand's identity, including logo and colors
Enable seamless and secure transactions across online, in-store, and in-app purchases
Create a consistent and convenient customer experience for repeat customers
Accelerate your transactions with virtual cards
Streamline vendor payments swiftly and cost-effectively with Nuvei’s virtual card.
Combine card issuing with acquiring and settlement accounts, all on one platform.
Easily generate single-use or multi-use virtual cards tailored to your needs, providing flexibility and control
Effortlessly manage single or batch card formats to scale your operations efficiently
Utilize our APIs for full automation and seamless integration of your card-issuing processes
Empower consumer and business payments with our versatile virtual cards
Race ahead of the competition
Optimize your cash flow with the precision of a pit crew, supporting your business to lap the competition.
Unlike other card issuers, Nuvei’s unified payments platform bridges your acquiring and card issuing, ensuring funds flow seamlessly across your business without any delays.
Experience effortless fund transfers between acquiring and issuing operations
Optimize your cash flow and reduce operational friction
Accelerate your payment processes with a streamlined, all-in-one solution
Fuel your growth with precision
Maximize your revenue and make informed business decisions with Nuvei's data-driven insights.
Nuvei’s powerful reporting technology allows you to see holistic payments data and detailed transaction information—all on a single platform.
Take advantage of shared interchange opportunities to boost your revenue.
Gain valuable, actionable insights from your issuing and acquiring operations to make informed business decisions
Navigate complex data to act upon critical business insights
Gain the winning edge with industry-specific payment solutions
Propel your business to the front of the pack with Nuvei's custom tailored payments.
Our issuing solution enables you to benefit from simpler, faster customer payouts, innovative accounts payable features, and streamlined B2B travel.
Disburse funds, such as winnings, to white-labeled physical or virtual cards, enhancing loyalty and engagement
Enable online travel agents to generate virtual cards for paying airlines and hotels, simplifying transactions
Generate virtual cards to pay suppliers, simplifying complex payment ecosystems and reducing fraud
Analytics dashboard
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
analytics-dashboard
Drive smarter decisions with Nuvei's Analytics Dashboard. Access holistic payment data and detailed transaction insights on a single platform for improved business outcomes.
One platform. Actionable analytics
Integrate with our global data hub to maximize potential revenue. Automate data and report distribution to optimize your transactions.
‍
Transparent data on demand
Access your payment activities and manage your merchant account data across all channels. Deep-dive into analytics, including traffic optimization, leading to higher approval rates and revenues
Real-time reports, processing comparisons, and case management all help identify opportunities to increase revenue and reduce lost sales.
Unparalleled transparency in your payments data
Turn large volumes of complex data into clear, actionable insights
Unified, dynamic reporting for all your transaction activity
Approve and block fraudulent transactions through our enhanced verification flow
Automatically schedule reports for export
Say no to lost revenue
Convert more payment transactions through data-driven rules and innovative routing powered by advanced analytics.
Run reports and optimize payments from one central dashboard.
Set custom rules for payment methods to present upon declines
Maximize conversion for hosted check out
Leverage Nuvei’s agnostic connectivity with multiple acquirers, banks and payment providers
Reduced revenue leakage
We grow and scale with your business
Designed to scale with your business, Nuvei’s Control Panel is ideal for accommodating growth and evolving requirements without loss of performance.
With robust security built in, rest assured sensitive business and customer data is protected.
Effortlessly adapts to business growth and expansion
Supports increasing data volumes and user demands without performance loss
Strong security protocols to protect business and customer data
Robust user access controls to prevent unauthorized data access
Create better customer journeys
Smooth our your customer journey with intelligent exemption selections.
Our proprietary and powerful engine identifies the exemption types most likely to gain approval, ensuring a hassle-free experience for your customers.
Customizable control for your specific business use cases
Optimal risk management to ensure customer satisfaction
Universal compatibility, designed to be acquirer agnostic
Uniting consulting and technology
Increase revenue, plus save time and money by automating your data streams. Get more control over fees, deposits, withdrawals, account balances and chargebacks.
Plus, get timely, meaningful information that allows you to stay ahead of the competition. For wherever business takes you next.
Unparalleled transparency into your payments data
Real-time merchant transaction information across all channels
Increased engagement with client segments that drive higher revenue
Easy-to-navigate, dashboard or deep-dive analytics
Real-time payments
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
real-time-payments
Boost your business with Nuvei's real-time payments. Experience seamless, instant transaction processing to enhance cash flow and stay compliant with secure payment solutions.
Elevate your business offering with faster, more secure pay-ins and payouts
Enjoy quick, effortless transactions online or by phone, backed by our customizable fraud prevention and assured funds guarantee. Benefit from clear, detailed reporting for complete transparency.
‍
Lightning-fast funds without delay
Why wait? Experience lightning-fast fund transfers with our instant payment solutions. Streamline your financial operations with ease and speed and delight your customers.
Move funds quickly with faster and instant payment solutions
Instantly validate accounts and ensure timely, effective payments
Added flexibility to meet your fast-paced business needs
Setup can be done quickly and easily to ensure rapid compliance
Full integration support so that you can rest easy
Leverage real-time global payments
Harness the power of instant, real-time payments with our global network of providers. Our expansive reach offers unparalleled bank and country coverage, keeping you at the forefront of the financial world.
Boost your revenue and provide exceptional convenience to customers worldwide, facilitating growth at the speed of now.
Bank Transfers: Real-time Payments (RTP®) and FedNow in the US, SEPA Instant in the EU, Faster Payments and Amex’s Pay with Bank Transfer in the UK, plus Interac® Instant for Canadian transactions
Visa Direct & Mastercard Send: offering instant payment capabilities with secure money transfers, across various global banks and payment networks
EWallets: including PayPal, Neteller, Skrill, Pay4Fun, EcoPayz, Much Better, and more for virtually instant payments and minimal processing fees
Provide a seamless customer checkout experience
Embrace a world where intricate transaction processes are replaced by a streamlined, intuitive experience.
This shift promises not only higher conversion rates but also reduced processing costs, and a fortified security environment.
Efficient and secure, balancing protection and ease of use
Integrated simplicity, to make every checkout seamless
Extensive network access connects you to a wide array of banks and financial institutions
Frictionless bank login and payment process for faster transactions
Fast and dependable, transfer funds with remarkable speed and reliability
Bank transfers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
bank-transfers
Experience cost-efficient, reliable, and fast bank transfers with Nuvei. Streamline your payment processing, elevate customer satisfaction, and boost conversion rates globally.
Gain a competitive edge with faster payments and settlement, flexibility and security
Meet the fast-paced needs of your organization with our rapid and instant payment options that pave the way for growth. Our Open Banking Technology and vast global partnerships offer a competitive edge. Every major market and network, all through a single integration.
Provide a seamless customer experience
Our bank transfer solutions give your customers the advantage of paying with their banking information, all within your regular checkout experience.
Say goodbye to confusing transaction flows and hello to higher conversion rates, lower processing costs, and enhanced security.
Simple, secure and flexible solution
Single integration into your checkout experience
Access to the major banks and financial institutions
Frictionless, seamless bank login and payment
Funds transfer is quick and reliable
Enhance consumer choice and convenience
Our bank transfer solutions are designed with your customers' preferences in mind, offering them a broader range of payment options that cater to their diverse needs.
This not only simplifies transactions but also broadens your appeal to a wider audience, including those who prefer not to use credit cards or seek alternatives to traditional payment methods.
Enable customer bank choice at checkout
No additional sign-ups to deter purchases
Real-time options for faster payments
Guaranteed and non-guaranteed models
Support for all major customer banks
Secure your payments with unmatched protection
Step into a realm of unparalleled security with our zero chargeback solutions, designed to safeguard your business against fraud while securing your customers' sensitive data.
Our guaranteed solution assures that once a payment is made, it cannot be reversed by the payer. Unlike credit card payments which can be disputed by the cardholder, we make chargebacks a thing of the past.
Peace of mind built into every transaction
Historical checks and intelligent approval system minimizes potential returns
Customizable security measures for fraud prevention tailored to your needs
Comprehensive, consolidated reporting, crafted for your ease
Reduce customer costs to increase profits and loyalty
Offer your customers a seamless payment experience while enjoying the benefits of lower processing fees compared to traditional credit card transactions.
This cost-effective solution not only makes payments more affordable but also enhances operational efficiency, allowing you to invest more in growing your business.
Lower per-transaction processing fees
Minimal chargeback fees and risks
Reduced interchange and network fees
Direct bank-to-bank transaction savings
Quicker access to your revenue
Unlock growth with our global banking network
Get unmatched country and bank coverage with our extensive network of global providers. Stay ahead of the curve and expand your revenue streams. Delight your customers with unparalleled convenience no matter where they are.
‍
U.S. Bank Transfer
‍
Automated Clearing House (ACH), Real-time Payments (RTP
®
), FedNow
EU Bank Transfer
‍
SEPA, SEPA Instant
‍
UK Bank Transfer
Faster Payments, Pay with Bank Transfer
Canada Bank Transfer
‍
Interac
®
Reconciliation management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
reconciliation-management
Streamline your financial processes with Nuvei's Reconciliation Management. Automate and manage payment reconciliation effortlessly for improved accuracy and efficiency.
Automated and streamlined
With a streamlined process, everything is faster, more accurate and less expensive to manage.
Automated and streamlined transaction management
Automatically match and reconcile your payments across multiple service providers and data sources. We can connect, integrate and monitor any new method.
With a streamlined process, everything is faster, more accurate and less expensive to manage.
Save revenue that would otherwise be lost to mismatches, reconciliation errors and incorrect fees
Get a clear overview of your finances and ensure that your revenue is exactly where it should be
All credit cards and over 700 alternative payment methods are supported
Totally managed solution to save time and money
Nuvei Reconciliation Manager+ takes care of the entire process all the way from implementation to updates, and reporting.
Save more time, reduce customer support tickets, spot technical issues and save more money.
Set up taken care of by a dedicated Account Manager
Eliminate complexity and bookkeeping errors
Recover lost revenue easier than ever
Control processing fees across providers
Payment orchestration
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
payment-orchestration
Master your payment operations with Nuvei's Payment Orchestration. Streamline and manage complex payment flows with our comprehensive tools for maximum control and insight.
Achieve best-in-class performance through one dashboard
Control and manage the entire payment process for optimal performance, sales and revenue.
Simple-to-use orchestration hub
Optimize and control your payment experience through the Control Panel of the Payment Orchestration hub.
Manage settings that can boost acceptance rates, increase security and reduce declines or capture more revenue.
Configure, manage and personalize routing parameters
Manage online exemptions to maximize authorizations and optimize approval rates
Set limits and manage authentication to increase conversions and eliminate fraud
Set custom rules fueled with business insights to ensure maximum conversions
Risk analysis allows for strategic adjustments and personalization to stop chargebacks
Maximize acceptance rates
Boost your transaction approval and authorization rates by managing online exemption submissions.
More detailed data points mean more authorizations, better security, and a personalized, seamless experience for your customers.
Descope PSD2 compliance
Prevent fraud
Manage risk
Rescue revenue from declined transactions
Convert more payments by avoiding declined transactions. From one dashboard, you can set and manage data-driven rules.
Advanced analytics power innovative transaction routing.
Set custom rules based on your business insights for when payments are declined
Maximize conversion for hosted check out
Control and reporting from one central dashboard
Multi-faceted protection
Nuvei chargeback management tools can prevent and eliminate potential chargebacks before they happen - and mitigate the damage of those that do.
Dynamic 3D Secure
3DS exemption management
Verifi Order Insight (Visa)
Verifi Rapid Dispute Resolution (Visa)
Ethoca (Mastercard)
Chargeback representment service
Understandable and actionable data
Keep on top of business performance with a crystal-clear view of your payments data across all channels.
Totally transparent view and dynamic reporting of your payments data
Spot actional insights amongst large volumes of complex data
Understandable analytics, including traffic optimization for higher approval rates and revenues
Block fraudulent transactions with enhanced verification flow
Live your best business life
Sometimes all you need is a nudge in the right direction. Business Coach is there to highlight when you could be achieving higher sales or customer engagement.
Business Coach offers actionable tips and key business metrics to help grow your business.
Accelerate engagement with client segments that drive higher revenue
Analyze your performance from a single dashboard that showcases your reviews and social media ratings
React quickly to social media reviews by receiving instant alerts
Turn new clients into repeat visitors
Crypto & digital assets
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
crypto-digital-assets
Streamline your Web3 business with Nuvei's painless fiat-crypto conversion. Partner with us for seamless blockchain payment technologies and infrastructure to drive your crypto success.
Your route to mainstream success
Offering an unmatched range of services, we empower hundreds of partners to enable millions of people to buy billions of dollars in digital assets. We are the leading payment partner of over 450 leading exchanges, wallets, brokers, coins, NFT platforms and blockchain games.
A turnkey crypto experience
Nuvei's fiat on-ramp and off-ramp provides a smooth experience for converting between fiat and cryptocurrencies. Accessible to both those with no blockchain experience and on-chain gaming experts through a single API.
Join hundreds of global businesses and discover the power of fiat-crypto conversion on demand delivered by fully licensed, publicly listed provider.
Enables Web2-style onboarding for Web3
Wide payment options globally and locally
350+ partners: exchanges, wallets, brokers, and coins
3.5+ million end users, $4B+ in processed payments
100+ fiat currencies and 200+ cryptocurrencies
Issuer of co-branded Visa for unified crypto transactions
Experience the power of stablecoin payments
Stablecoins are becoming a true alternative form of payment to offer to merchants on top of more traditional payment methods.
We enable real-time stablecoin transactions, easy conversion between fiat and stablecoins, and comprehensive settlement services tailored to meet your needs.
Supports all stablecoins, including merchant-minted ones
Nuvei connects to USDC on 14 blockchains
Stablecoins bring stability to remittances
24/7 stablecoin settlements across blockchains
Stablecoins lower costs, improve supply chain cash flow
On-chain settlements reduce business operational costs
Take your blockchain project mainstream
One partnership for all your crypto business needs. Enable your blockchain assets for seamless onramps with 100+ fiat currencies, globally.
Support for multiple blockchains and tokens adds flexibility
Easy coin/token purchases with 100+ fiat currencies
Grow your brand equity with our large partner network of leading exchanges, wallets and platforms
Expand into new markets with global payment coverage
Easy and secure crypto payments
Accelerate transactions and enhance data accuracy, plus boost customer loyalty through our innovative crypto payment options. Experience the confidence of partnering with a provider that goes beyond fraud prevention to offer full-scale payment processing support.
Cryptocurrency payments broaden market access and lower costs by eliminating intermediaries, offering global reach with minimal transaction fees.
Access new markets and facilitate global financial access
Guaranteed zero fraud and no risk of chargebacks
Reduce costs and simplify management compared with card payments
Increase transaction speed and reduce security risks
Boosts customer loyalty and trust through safe payments
Instant access to funds with crypto, no middlemen
The future of paying for digital entertainment
Crypto is transforming gaming, offering significant advantages. Larger transaction limits, quicker payouts, and enhanced security minimize the need to share banking information.
With lower fees and global fund access, cryptocurrencies offer convenience and signals innovation. Additionally, players can receive bonuses as incentives for using crypto, enriching their gaming experience.
Near real-time crypto transactions improve cash flow
Crypto operations have less overhead
Nominal blockchain fees vs. card fees
Enhanced security with less data liability
Growing customer demand for crypto support
Access to new, unbanked legal markets
Empowering your journey into Web 3.0 and the Metaverse
Nuvei leads the move to Web 3.0, making your blockchain and Metaverse projects successful. With top partnerships and tools, we help you stand out.
Our approach gives users full control over their digital assets and privacy, boosting confidence in digital exploration.
Multiple integration options
Highly customizable UI and dynamic UX
Supports several blockchain protocols: Ethereum, Polkadot, or Binance Smart Chain
Smooth UX overcomes Web3 barriers like high fees and slow transactions
Tailors experiences to user preferences
Enhanced security, transparency and less central authority
Banking services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
banking-services
Elevate the buying experience with Nuvei's embedded financial services. Discover seamless integration today and transform your revenue streams.
Exceed expectations and grow stickiness
Keep customers within your ecosystem by adding financial services into your payment mix. Offer bank deposits and payouts, as well as cards and financing. Make it easier for customers to buy more, more often.
Fast, reliable and secure digital banking
Expand your global reach and optimize transactions with Nuvei Business Accounts. Deliver real-time funds access, lower fees, and seamless integration to enhance efficiency and financial control.
Streamline your financial operations with Nuvei as your single partner for acquiring, issuing, and banking services.
Multi-currency accounts with European IBANs for EUR, GBP, and over 20 other currencies
Instantly receive funds for faster working capital, and efficiently manage settlements with potentially lower costs
Secure customer funds with dedicated solutions for VASPs and financial firms
Flexible pay-ins and payouts via SEPA, SWIFT, open banking, and blockchain-based BMM processing
Turbo-charge your brand
Elevate your brand and streamline payments with Nuvei’s customizable physical and virtual cards, offering seamless and secure transactions across all channels.
We take care of all the back-office complications including card scheme approval, global regulatory compliance, technical setup and card manufacturing.
Tailor physical and virtual cards to promote your brand identity
Easily manage single-use or multi-use cards through one platform
Automate secure transactions for online, in-store, and in-app purchases
Manage vendor payments and scale operations cost-effectively with flexible card formats
Finance your business goals: no bank required
Your business moves fast. Make sure your financing can, too.
Access funds quickly to achieve your goals and seize more opportunities. No banks or red tape involved.
Up to $1 million per business location
Receive funds in under a week upon approval
Pre-qualify in just 3 minutes
No collateral required
Flexible repayment options
Maximize revenue with consumer credit options
Grow your business with industry-leading buy now, pay later options. Get paid upfront while offering customers flexible payment terms.
Make it easier for your customers to get what they need right now. Best of all, it's integrated seamlessly into the checkout experience.
Offer flexible installment plans for your customers
Give consumers the freedom to pay at their own pace
Increase customer conversions by offering more payment options
Chargeback resolution
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
chargeback-resolution
Mitigate chargeback risks with Nuvei's effective resolution services. Streamline dispute processes, reduce fraudulent claims, and protect your revenue with our advanced tools.
Protection every step of the way
Prevent the majority of would-be chargebacks before they materialize. Transactions are protected with pre-chargeback mitigation, smart fraud-screening, alerts and communications.
Detect, control, and mitigate chargebacks
Reduce the costs of disputes and chargebacks with Nuvei Chargeback Resolve. Every chargeback actioned is centralized and managed through Nuvei’s Control Panel. The whole process maximizes transparency and efficiency.
Prevention - alerts and enhanced communication minimizes unnecessary disputes
Reduce operational costs - management chargebacks through one centralized dashboard
Preserve your reputation - avoid chargeback monitoring programs and additional fees associated with a high-risk label
Additional tools from Visa & Mastercard
Control disputes or chargebacks quickly and easily with integrated solutions from Visa and Mastercard.
Verifi Order Insight® (Visa) - respond to customer disputes in real-time by providing information between the customer and merchant
Verifi Rapid Dispute Resolution® (Visa) - avoid chargebacks by issuing refunds and charging Nuvei directly with no clearing process
Ethoca® (Mastercard) - gives merchants 24 hours to review, respond and action chargebacks
Currency management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
currency-management
Facilitate global commerce with Nuvei's Currency Management. Simplify FX transactions, enhance payment flexibility, and offer customers native currency options for improved satisfaction.
Make the world your local marketplace
Whether your customers want to do business with you online or in-store, we make it easier to do business with and encourage return visits.
Price your goods and services in the world’s most popular currencies
According to Insider Intelligence’s Global eCommerce report, 92% of customers prefer to buy from sites that price items in their local currency.
Make buying simple and frictionless for customers while receiving settlement and reporting in your domestic currency.
Expand your business into new territories
Enhance existing customer relationships
Zero investment or infrastructure changes
Earn additional revenue from FX markup and attract more international customers
By offering customers pricing in their domestic currency, you can make card purchasing transparent and trustworthy while earning a percentage commission.
Attract more international customers
Protect cardholders against currency fluctuations
Available both online and in-store
Fraud & risk management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
fraud-risk-management
Protect your business with Nuvei's Fraud & Risk Management solutions. Minimize threats and secure data while maintaining a smooth customer experience.
Protecting your business is critical
From advanced fraud detection to industrial grade tokenization and KYC, Nuvei protects you and your customers.
Reduce payment fraud and chargebacks with Nuvei Shields Up
Transaction data is our greatest weapon in the fight against fraud. Crush false positives with a powerful set of customizable tools without compromising customer experience.
Set 200+ unique rules for your industry and market
Increase conversion rates and reduce fraud with Smart 3DS Routing
Automated decisioning using IP geo location and AVS / CVV rules
Chargeback dispute tool for efficient case creation and management
Smart Routing and Dynamic Descriptor to minimize potential chargebacks
Encrypt and access customer data for secure, frictionless payments
Replacing sensitive data with a secure token means faster and more secure payments that can help create a better customer experience.
Through a combination of our agnostic and network tokenization features, we offer one of the most flexible and complete solutions in the market.
Encrypt and store customer payment information to make the checkout experience secure and frictionless
Tokens are dynamically updated to deliver higher authorization rates, simplified fraud management, and an improved customer experience
Payment methods are updated in real-time so cardholder credentials stay current even if a physical card is locked due to fraud
Provides a better customer experience with fewer false declines due to outdated information
Ensure your security and compliance
We recognize the need for the highest security available to protect you and your customers. In compliance with PCI Data Security Standards, we have met and surpassed all requirements set forth as a Level 1 Service Provider.
Our technology and expert staff can help you reduce risk, chargebacks and simplify PCI DSS compliance.
Mitigate threats before they become an issue
Reduce effort and cost for Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance
Access solutions to descope your PCI DSS requirements
Authorization optimization
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/solutions/
authorization-optimization
oost your transaction approval rates with Nuvei's Authorization Optimization. Benefit from advanced analytics and tailored strategies to enhance payment success and revenue.
Marginal gains can lead to big growth
Just like driving a finely tuned race car, every small improvement made adds up to significant gains. Maximize approval rates and revenue with features designed to guide every payment from checkout to completion.
Enhance checkouts to optimize conversions
Discover the future of optimized commerce with our AI-powered intelligent authorization solutions.
Fire up your revenue engine by boosting authorization success rates through our pre-transaction optimization tools.
Single-click purchases to streamline transactions
Boost approvals with smart retry technology
Advanced rules to enrich and augment transaction messages
Enhanced Network Tokens
Optimize transaction flows for higher approvals
Direct transactions intelligently to different banks. Increase sales and conversion rates by improving the chance of successful payment.
Generate more revenue and higher approvals by enabling virtually limitless routing possibilities. Every major payment service and gateway is supported.
3DS Routing
Exemptions Engine
Fraud Screening
Bank Routing
Decrease declines and checkout abandonment
Fine-tune your payment process for peak performance
Dive into a world where every transaction parameter is meticulously adjusted and optimized. Leverage artificial intelligence to ensure a smooth and successful checkout experience.
Watch your conversion rates soar as we intelligently re-attempt transactions to secure success.
Boost approval rates and conversions with smart payment recovery
Resolve token mismatch issues and address 3DS2 declines
Transform soft declines into successful transactions
Enhance the customer experience by streamlining card verification rules
Advanced monitoring and control at your fingertips
Elevate your payment strategy with insight-driven authorizations. With AI-driven tools built into our analytics suite, leverage the data you need for every transaction and authentication flow.
Steer your transaction traffic towards smoother roads and higher approval rates. Tailored insights mean you're in the driver's seat, accelerating towards optimized authorizations and financial performance.
Leverage artificial intelligence to automate approval rate analysis
Gain precise insights into transactions with customizable reports
Benefit from machine learning to optimize authorizations
Monitor performance and act on conversion-based reporting
Navigate complex data to minimize risk and manage fraud
Card-not-present
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
card-not-present
Accounts Receivable Management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
accounts-receivable-management
Lending
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
lending
Healthcare payment solutions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
healthcare-payment-solutions
Legal and Professional Services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
legal-and-professional-services
Veterinary
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
veterinary
Small business financing
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
small-business-financing
Subscription
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
subscription
Property Managers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
property-managers
Charitable Organizations
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
charitable-organizations
Auto finance
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
auto-finance
Law firms
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
law-firms
Collection agencies
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
collection-agencies
Enterprise
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
enterprise
eCommerce
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
ecommerce
Integrated payments through semi-integration and native SDK’s
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
integrated-payments-through-semi-integration-and-native-sdks
Cloud
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
cloud
Mobile
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
mobile
Entertainment
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
entertainment
F&B
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
f-b
Retail
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
retail
Field Services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
field-services
SMB
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
smb
Service-based businesses
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
service-based-businesses
Hospitality
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
hospitality
Nuvei offers tailored payment solutions for hospitality businesses, streamlining transactions for an elevated customer experience. Discover how our flexible, secure and easy-to-use systems can enhance your venue’s payment flow.
Automotive
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
automotive
Boost customer satisfaction and operational efficiency with Nuvei's tailored automotive payment solutions. Enjoy seamless DMS integrations, multiple payment options, advanced fraud protection, and 24/7 support to elevate your business and focus on delivering exceptional service.
Grocery
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
grocery
Simplify and elevate your grocery operations with Nuvei’s integrated payment solutions. Deliver fast, secure, and flexible payment experiences that build customer loyalty and keep your business thriving.
Independent software vendors
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
independent-software-vendors
Boost your software with Nuvei: Seamless integration, top security, diverse payments. Elevate your ISV platform today.
Crypto platforms & exchanges
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
crypto-platforms-exchanges
Discover the future of cryptocurrency transactions with Nuvei's scalable blockchain solutions. Access global payment ecosystems, enjoy seamless fiat-to-crypto exchanges, and benefit from full fraud protection. Ideal for platforms and exchanges seeking efficiency, compliance, and extended market reach.
Healthcare
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
healthcare
Small & medium sized businesses
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
small-medium-sized-businesses
Empower your SMB with Nuvei's tailored payment solutions. Enjoy flexible, secure payment processing, innovative POS hardware, and 24/7 support to enhance your customer experience and growth.
Government
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
government
Simplify public sector payments with Nuvei's Government Suite. Ensure secure, efficient, and flexible payment processing for all government and municipal services.
Business to business
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
business-to-business
Discover leading B2B payment solutions that enhance efficiency. Elevate your AP and AR business operations today for seamless financial management.
Travel & mobility
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
travel-mobility
Boost your travel business with Nuvei. Experience seamless, secure payments worldwide. Transform customer interactions now.
Financial services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
financial-services
Transform your financial services with Nuvei's cutting-edge payment solutions. Experience enhanced security, compliance, and efficiency. Discover how we can help streamline your operations and elevate customer trust.
Online gaming
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
online-gaming
Unlock the full potential of your gaming platform with Nuvei's specialized payment solutions for the Online Gaming industry. Ensure seamless, secure transactions and enhance player satisfaction.
Video gaming
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
video-gaming
Upgrade your gaming business with Nuvei. Achieve better acceptance rates and global reach. Enhance player joy today.
Online retail
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
online-retail
Elevate your online store with Nuvei. Offer 700 payment methods and boost global sales. Start optimizing today.
Digital content & subscriptions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
digital-content-subscriptions
Enhance digital content revenue with Nuvei's payment solutions. Perfect for subscriptions, offering seamless billing, global market access, and secure transaction processing.
Marketplaces
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/use-cases/
marketplaces
Revolutionize your marketplace with Nuvei. Ensure secure, smooth transactions and expand globally. Discover how now.
Temu expands global payment options with Nuvei partnership
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
temu-expands-global-payment-options-with-nuvei-partnership
Partnership enhances localized payment experiences for Temu customers worldwide
Partnership enhances localized payment experiences for Temu customers worldwide
MONTREAL, February 28 2025
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company"), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has formed a strategic partnership with Temu, the global online marketplace known for value-for-money products, to enhance the shopping experience through providing customers with greater access to their preferred local payment methods.
Temu customers across the globe now enjoy a smooth shopping experience though seamless, secure card payments as well as the ability to pay using their preferred local payment methods. The integration supports local direct card acquiring and popular regional payment options including Konbini in Japan; Blik and P24 in Poland; Bancontact in Belgium; iDeal in the Netherlands; and MBWAY and Multibanco in Portugal. This customer-centric approach will expand further in 2025, with plans to enhance payment experiences in new markets.
“As online shopping continues to grow, seamless and secure payments are essential for delivering the best possible experience," commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO. "By offering hyper-localized payment experiences on a global scale, we're enabling international eCommerce giants like Temu to develop deeper relationships with their customers through payments, wherever they are and however they want to pay.”
“At Temu, we are committed to making quality products more accessible and ensuring a smooth shopping experience for our customers worldwide,” said a Temu spokesperson. “Providing localized payment options is an important part of improving convenience for customers, and we are always looking for ways to optimize our payment processes to meet the needs of different markets.”
Nuvei's powerful combination of global reach, extensive alternative payment method connectivity, and best-in-class authorization optimization suite continues to attract leading eCommerce companies. Notable partnerships include other industry leaders such as Charles & Keith, who have selected Nuvei as their payments partner both locally and internationally.
About Temu
Temu is an online marketplace that connects consumers with millions of sellers, manufacturers and brands around the world with the mission to empower them to live their best lives. Launched in the US in September 2022, Temu is committed to offering the most affordable quality products to enable consumers and sellers to fulfill their dreams in an inclusive environment. For more information, visit: www.temu.com
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei strengthens executive team with key Product and Compliance hires
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-strengthens-executive-team-with-key-product-and-compliance-hires
Fintech veterans Moshe Selfin and Chad Gerhardstein join as Chief Product Officer and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer respectively
Fintech veterans Moshe Selfin and Chad Gerhardstein join as Chief Product Officer and Chief Risk and Compliance Officer respectively
MONTREAL, February 18 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the appointment of two new executives to its senior leadership team. Moshe Selfin joins as Chief Product Officer, reporting to Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer, while Chad Gerhardstein assumes the newly created role of Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, reporting to CFO David Schwartz.
These strategic appointments represent Nuvei's continued investment in its product innovation and risk management and compliance capabilities, reinforcing the Company's commitment to delivering innovative payment solutions while maintaining industry-leading standards.
Selfin joins Nuvei from Finaro (acquired by Shift4), where he most recently served as Chief Operations & Technology Officer. Selfin will spearhead Nuvei's global product strategy and development, focusing on expanding the Company's suite of customer-centric payment solutions and extending the global reach of its technology stack. This appointment underscores Nuvei's commitment to technological innovation and its mission to enable businesses to get closer to their customers through advanced payment capabilities.
Gerhardstein brings extensive risk management and compliance expertise within the payments industry to Nuvei. He joins from PwC, where he was a leader specializing in cyber risk and regulation for the Fintech, payments, and digital assets sectors. Previously, he held senior positions at Vantiv and served as Chief Compliance Officer at Worldpay. In his role, Gerhardstein will strengthen Nuvei's global risk management and compliance framework, ensuring the Company maintains its position as a trusted partner for global businesses to execute international expansion.
“I’m delighted to welcome Moshe and Chad to the team. These appointments reflect our ongoing commitment to investing in top talent as we execute our strategic vision," commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. "Moshe's proven track record in strategic planning and delivery for fast-growing technology businesses will accelerate our product innovation and enhance our ability to deliver cutting-edge payment solutions globally. Chad's deep expertise in risk and compliance will be invaluable in supporting Nuvei's customers with seamless market entry while maintaining robust risk management practices and regulatory compliance across all jurisdictions.”
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei launches in Japan
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-launches-in-japan
The Company continues to extend its global reach with strengthened presence in the world’s fourth largest eCommerce market
The Company continues to extend its global reach with strengthened presence in the world’s fourth largest eCommerce market
MONTREAL, January 27 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces an expansion in Asia-Pacific (APAC), having completed the acquisition of Paywiser Japan Limited, including its acquiring license granted by the Japanese Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. The license enables Nuvei to progress with launching direct acquiring capabilities in Japan across all major card schemes, and to extend its direct connectivity with all relevant alternative payment methods (APMs) in the country.
With its new Japan headquarters in Tokyo complementing existing offices in China, Hong Kong, Australia, and Singapore, Nuvei now boasts over 200 on-the-ground payments experts across the region.
Strategic expansion into APAC's second largest eCommerce market
Nuvei's comprehensive range of agile payments solutions will support Japanese businesses scale both in-market and cross-border, as well as enable global businesses to expand into the Japanese market seamlessly.
For Nuvei’s international customers, market entry into Japan through an existing single integration to the Nuvei core platform presents an exciting and sizeable opportunity. Japan is the fourth largest eCommerce market globally and
second largest in the APAC region
. The Japanese market is expected to grow at a Compound Annual Growth Rate of 11.6% from 2024 to 2032, with Total Market Size increasing from USD$230 billion to
more than USD$650 billion by 2032
. The volume of online buyers is expected to surpass 100 million people (83% of the population) by 2026, and eCommerce will account for
22% of all commerce transactions by 2028
.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented: “We’re delighted to be building on our existing presence and laying down even stronger roots in Japan, one of the preeminent eCommerce markets globally. This expansion aligns with our strategic priorities to continue growing our global footprint, offer localized payments experiences on a global scale, and enable our customers to get closer to their customers through payments, wherever they are and however they want to pay. With our modular payments technology and extensive local expertise, we're well positioned to help businesses of all sizes accelerate their growth within this dynamic ecosystem.”
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei expands Omnichannel capabilities to the UK Gaming industry
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-expands-omnichannel-capabilities-to-the-uk-gaming-industry
Nuvei's Omnichannel architecture offers a unified platform for all retail and digital transactions, simplifying operations and enhancing customer experience
Nuvei's Omnichannel architecture offers a unified platform for all retail and digital transactions, simplifying operations and enhancing customer experience
MONTREAL, January 20 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announced the launch of its innovative Omnichannel payment solution for the UK Gaming industry. This groundbreaking platform unifies all payment channels, offering unprecedented convenience and flexibility for both operators and players.
Key features and benefits of Nuvei's Omnichannel solution for the Gaming industry include:
•
Unified Integration:
Gaming operators can now manage all payment channels through a single API, simplifying operations and reducing costs.
•
Consolidated Reporting:
Comprehensive analytics provide valuable insights into player behavior across all channels, enabling data-driven decision-making.
•
Enhanced Player Experience:
o Seamless connection between the retail and digital Gaming experience
o Common card tokenization across online and offline channels
o Engaging players across all channels and verticals
•
Global Reach, Local Expertise:
While tailored for the UK market, the platform supports global expansion with localized payment methods and compliance across the globe.
•
Deep Brand Loyalty:
The platform's ability to recognize existing online customers when they engage in-person allows for enhanced loyalty programs and targeted promotions, fostering stronger player relationships.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “Our Omnichannel solution is transforming how UK Gaming operators interact with their customers. By breaking down the barriers between online and offline experiences, we're enabling operators to create more personalized and engaging player journeys. This launch represents a significant step in our commitment to providing cutting-edge payment solutions that drive growth and enhance user experience in the rapidly evolving Gaming market.”
One UK based operator already harnessing the benefits of Nuvei’s Omnichannel is Buzz Bingo. Buzz Bingo Head of Product Fraud & Payments Sam Bailey commented: “Nuvei’s Omnichannel solution is a real step ahead from our current retail payment infrastructure. We’re an Omnichannel business and the key benefits of the Omnichannel payments system that Nuvei offers is its diversity as we link our retail environment to our online. There’s been a lot of focus on product development here at Buzz, and the key decision with going with Nuvei is their commitment to continue developing their systems and improving their offering. Nuvei have allowed us to work together on building their roadmap and we feel like a valued partner as we bring new payments channels and options to our customers. We’re looking forward to working collaboratively to make the most out of both of our businesses.”
This announcement further solidifies Nuvei's position as a leader in payment solutions for the Gaming sector as the industry continues to experience rapid growth, with the global market predicted to
reach USD$1 trillion by 2030
. By offering operators optimized payment acceptance and a seamless experience for players, Nuvei continues to demonstrate why it is the preferred payments partner for Gaming operators across the United Kingdom and globally.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei partners with Outpayce from Amadeus
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-outpayce-from-amadeus
Nuvei joins Outpayce’s Xchange Payment Platform (XPP) to streamline global travel payments. With seamless integration, faster onboarding, and enhanced security, this partnership empowers travel businesses to process transactions efficiently across 200+ markets.
Travel businesses can now access Nuvei's global reach and payment solutions through the Outpayce integration
MONTREAL, January 16, 2025
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei"), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has partnered with Outpayce from Amadeus, as its latest payments service provider to be integrated into Outpayce’s Xchange Payment Platform (XPP).
This strategic partnership positions Nuvei as a global leader in advancing Outpayce's innovative payment ecosystem. Travel businesses leveraging Outpayce’s XPP can now seamlessly access Nuvei’s expansive suite of payment capabilities, enhancing their ability to process transactions efficiently and securely across geographies.
The partnership will offer several significant advantages to Outpayce’s customers:
•
Seamless integration:
A single connection to Outpayce’s XPP simplifies adoption, integrating multiple airline and travel touchpoints efficiently.
•
Accelerated onboarding:
Faster implementation timelines help businesses bring payment solutions to market quickly.
•
Enhanced security:
Nuvei’s advanced security measures ensure secure transactions across all channels.
•
Global reach
: Through Nuvei’s connectivity in more than 200 markets and support for 720 local payment methods, businesses can offer seamless cross-border payment experiences.
“We're thrilled to welcome Nuvei to our Outpayce partner ecosystem. This collaboration combines our global reach with Nuvei's cutting-edge technology and coverage, empowering customers to simplify their payment processes and enhance the traveler experience,” commented Damian Alonso, Outpayce’s Head of Commercial and Partnerships on the announcement.
Phillip Fayer, Nuvei’s Chair and CEO added: “Our goal is to allow travel businesses to focus on providing exceptional experiences while we handle the complexities of payments, and this integration represents a major leap forward in simplifying and enhancing payment processes for airlines and travel businesses worldwide. Combining Nuvei's innovative payment technology with Outpayce’s extensive travel network is the latest initiative as we continue to revolutionize payments in the travel industry through a single integration for payments that spans countries, currencies, and payment methods.”
Nuvei’s agile payment solutions, alongside its proven expertise in serving the travel industry, position it as an invaluable partner for businesses aiming to optimize their payment processes. Through this partnership with Outpayce, Nuvei continues to expand its footprint, reinforcing its role as a leader in enabling global commerce.
About Outpayce
Amadeus makes the experience of travel better for everyone, everywhere by inspiring innovation, partnerships and responsibility to people, places and planet.
As a wholly-owned company, Outpayce from Amadeus is the next step in scaling the Amadeus payments business with fresh investment in talent, an open API platform and a license to deliver new regulated payment services.
Outpayce delivers smoother end-to-end travel experiences making travel payments simple. Our open platform that connects FinTech and banking service providers to the entire travel ecosystem allows customers and travelers to easily benefit from new advances in payments.
Outpayce Xchange Payment Platform (XPP) solves challenges in areas like authentication, acceptance and foreign exchange (FX) for travel merchants and gives access to partners that resolve areas like chargebacks and fraud management to offer a smoother overall experience for the traveler.
In the B2B payments space, Outpayce orchestrates payments with a range of virtual cards, currencies and payment methods to optimize cost, acceptance and agility wherever a travel seller needs to pay a supplier.
Outpayce delivers an end-to-end experience by continuing to work with all Amadeus’ teams and embedding its capabilities in all of Amadeus' applications. The future is travel simply paid.
To find out more about Outpayce, visit www.outpayce.com.
Follow us on:
LinkedIn
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Get in touch with Nuvei
Nuvei enters strategic partnership with Gaming Innovation Group (GiG)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-enters-strategic-partnership-with-gaming-innovation-group-gig
Discover how Nuvei and GiG's partnership empowers iGaming operators with advanced payment solutions, global reach, and AI-driven player account management for seamless growth.
Nuvei's direct integration into GiG's new iGaming platform optimizes the payments function for global operators
MONTREAL, January 7, 2025
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, has entered a new strategic partnership with GiG, a leading B2B technology provider to the iGaming industry. This collaboration enables iGaming operators to optimize their payments functionality through their existing integration with GiG's CoreX solution.
CoreX is an advanced, AI-driven player account management (PAM) platform for leading iGaming and sportsbook brands. It provides operators with the flexibility to localize their operations in any regulated jurisdiction, enhancing their ability to meet diverse market demands. Through this direct integration with the GiG CoreX platform, iGaming operators can leverage Nuvei's payments expertise across global iGaming markets to maximize their revenues and accelerate their growth.
The partnership delivers a comprehensive solution that addresses the needs of modern online gaming businesses. This approach is underpinned by Nuvei's deep market expertise gained from more than 20 years innovating payments for the industry, ensuring operators can optimize acceptance rates, execute best-in-class risk management, and navigate the diverse regulatory landscapes of global iGaming markets with confidence.
Operators gain access to Nuvei's extensive global reach in over 200 countries, enabling seamless expansion across international markets through a single, integrated platform. The collaboration also provides GiG-supported operators with industry-leading connectivity to 720 alternative payment methods, enabling them to offer players all relevant deposit and pay out options from their cashier.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO commented: “We're excited to partner with a proven technology leader and industry expert like GiG. This integration showcases our commitment to providing the most relevant and modern payment solutions that drive growth for our customers. By combining Nuvei's robust modular payment technology with GiG's innovative CoreX platform, we're delivering unparalleled value to iGaming operators worldwide.”
James Coxon, Chief Operating Officer at GiG, added: “Our partnership with Nuvei represents another significant forward step in empowering iGaming operators with the most flexible best-in-class payment solutions. The direct integration of Nuvei's payment technology into CoreX will enable our clients to optimize their payment processes, ultimately improving player satisfaction and operational efficiency.”
About GiG Software Plc
GiG Software is a leading B2B iGaming technology company that provides premium solutions, products, and services to iGaming operators worldwide, fully compliant with regulatory requirements. GiG’s proprietary technology empowers our partners by delivering dynamic, data-driven, and scalable iGaming solutions that drive user engagement, optimise performance, and propel sustainable growth in the ever-evolving digital landscape. GiG’s vision is to be the pioneering force in the iGaming industry, transforming digital gaming experiences through innovation and technology that inspire and engage players worldwide.
GiG operates out of Malta and is listed on the Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market in Stockholm, Sweden, under the ticker GiG SDB.
Find out more at
www.gig.com
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible, and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei strengthens global partnership with Google and integrates Google Pay into its cashier for LATAM customers
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-strengthens-global-partnership-with-google-and-integrates-google-pay-into-its-cashier-for-latam-customers
Nuvei strengthens global partnership with Google and integrates Google Pay into its cashier for LATAM customers. Merchants in LATAM can now seamlessly add Google Pay into their cashier through an existing integration with Nuvei.
Merchants in LATAM can now seamlessly add Google Pay into their cashier through an existing integration with Nuvei
MONTREAL, December 12 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the expansion of its global partnership with Google to integrate Google Pay, an option now available for merchants across Latin America (LATAM). This collaboration builds upon the existing strong global relationship between Nuvei and Google, and complements Google Pay's existing availability through Nuvei in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Australia.
Nuvei's integration of Google Pay into its cashier solution for customers is completely streamlined into the checkout process for both merchants and consumers, optimizing the user experience for Google Pay users in the LATAM region.
Google Pay is becoming an essential payment method for online merchants around the world. The integration of Google Pay to Nuvei's cashier solution caters to the evolving preferences of digital-savvy consumers.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Our strengthened partnership with Google and the launch of the integration of Google Pay in Latin America underscore Nuvei's commitment to providing businesses with the most comprehensive in-demand suite of payment options globally. Expanding our collaboration into this vibrant market enables merchants to tap into new customer segments and drive growth across the region."
By integrating Google Pay into Nuvei's payment processes, merchants can offer their customers a simple and secure payment option that meets the demands of the current digital economy.
Nuvei continues to lead the industry with its extensive connectivity to over 720 alternative payment methods, allowing merchants to offer all relevant payment options to their customers in every market they serve, all through a single integration with Nuvei's platform.
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei launches comprehensive blockchain payment solution
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-launches-comprehensive-blockchain-payment-solution
Businesses in LATAM can now use stablecoins to make faster cross-border B2B payments and settlements through Nuvei’s partnership with Rain, BitGo, and Visa
Businesses in LATAM can now use stablecoins to make faster cross-border B2B payments and settlements through Nuvei’s partnership with Rain, BitGo, and Visa
MONTREAL, December 4 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”), the Canadian fintech company, today announces the launch of an innovative blockchain-based payment solution for merchants across Latin America (LATAM). Through Nuvei’s partnerships with Rain, a vertically integrated issuing partner for global platforms, BitGo, the leading digital asset custodian and wallet solutions provider, and Visa, Nuvei is enabling businesses to utilize stablecoins – including USD Coin (USDC) – for faster global settlement and reduced reliance on traditional payments rails.
By collaborating with Rain, BitGo, and Visa, Nuvei delivers a seamless and secure blockchain payment experience that empowers LATAM merchants to use their physical or virtual card supported by Visa to make payments using stablecoins from a digital asset wallet anywhere Visa is accepted. The solution benefits from Visa’s wide acceptance and simplifies corporate treasury management, offering faster cross-border transactions, secure digital asset custody, reduced currency complexity, and improved operational liquidity.
"Nuvei empowers businesses to connect more deeply with their customers through innovative payments solutions," commented Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. "By integrating stablecoin technology into our payment platform for B2B settlement we're ensuring our merchants continually receive unparalleled flexibility, security, and global reach."
Rain Co-founder and CEO Farooq Malik added: “Our innovative platform connects traditional financial rails with the digital asset ecosystem, providing frictionless transactions for B2B and stablecoin payments. This partnership with Nuvei represents a significant step in making blockchain-based payments more accessible and flexible for businesses in Latin America.”
Luis Ayala, Director at BitGo, commented: “As a leader in digital asset custody and infrastructure, we're excited to support Nuvei's expansion into blockchain payments. Our institutional-grade security and comprehensive digital asset services will help businesses in Latin America leverage stablecoin technology with confidence and operational efficiency.”
This comprehensive blockchain-based payments offering sets a new standard for payment solutions in Latin America, demonstrating Nuvei's commitment to deepening its footprint in a region with rapid eCommerce growth. Year-to-date, Nuvei’s expansion of services in LATAM include being the first global payments service provider to offer direct local acquiring in Colombia, implementing local acquiring services in Mexico, and acquiring a Payment Institution license in Brazil.
‍
About Rain
Rain develops and operates cutting edge digital asset authorization and settlement infrastructure in concert with its innovative payment card solutions. By connecting blockchain settlement with traditional financial systems like the Visa network, Rain drives adoption and utility for digital assets in enterprise and consumer use cases.
Rain offers an asset-agnostic settlement stack with support for stablecoin programs and is a principal member of the Visa network. The company was founded in 2021 and is backed by Lightspeed Venture Partners, Norwest, Coinbase Ventures, Circle Ventures and Uniswap Labs. For more information, visit www.raincards.com.
About BitGo
BitGo provides the most secure and scalable wallet solutions for the digital asset economy, offering regulated custody, staking and trading, and core infrastructure to investors and builders alike.
Founded in 2013, BitGo pioneered the multi-signature wallet and is the first digital asset company to focus exclusively on serving institutional clients. In 2018, it launched BitGo Trust Company, the first qualified custodian purpose-built for storing digital assets and established BitGo New York Trust in 2021. In 2022, BitGo launched institutional-grade staking, DeFi, NFT and Web3 services. BitGo secures approximately 20% of all on-chain Bitcoin transactions by value and supports more than 700 digital assets within its platform. BitGo provides the security and operational backbone for more than 1500 institutional clients in 50 countries, including many regulated entities and the world's top cryptocurrency exchanges and platforms.
BitGo is backed by Goldman Sachs, Craft Ventures, DRW, Galaxy Digital Ventures, Redpoint Ventures, and Valor Equity Partners. For more information, please visit
http://www.bitgo.com
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Delaware North chooses Nuvei to power payments  for online gaming and sports betting
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
delaware-north-chooses-nuvei-to-power-payments-for-online-gaming-and-sports-betting
Delaware North chooses Nuvei to power payments for online gaming and sports betting
Nuvei upgrades the player experience for the global hospitality and entertainment company’s interactive gaming division through enhanced deposits and payouts
MONTREAL and FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla., November 25 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company"), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has been selected by Delaware North’s interactive gaming division to power deposits and payouts for Betly, its online real-money casino and sports betting brand. Delaware North operates
Betly
in
West Virginia
,
Arkansas
,
Tennessee
and
Ohio
in the United States.
This partnership enhances the player experience at the checkout, streamlining both the deposit and payout processes for Betly customers across their online casino and sports betting profile. Delaware North is leveraging Nuvei's local acquiring capabilities in the U.S. to accept card payment deposits and enable all the relevant payout methods players demand, including real-time account-to-account transactions via Nuvei's industry-leading Instant Bank Transfer product.
Todd San Jule, general manager for Delaware North’s interactive gaming division and Betly, commented on the announcement: “Providing a seamless and secure iGaming cashier experience is crucial for our customers' satisfaction and our business growth. By partnering with Nuvei, we're able to offer our players a wide range of deposit options and swift payouts across all our online casino and sports betting brands. This collaboration aligns with our commitment to delivering top-tier gaming experiences and positions us to better serve our customers in the competitive U.S. iGaming market.”
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO added: “We're thrilled to partner with Delaware North, one of the premier brands in the hospitality and gaming industry in the U.S. This collaboration showcases our commitment to providing the most relevant and modern payment solutions that drive growth for our customers by enhancing the end user experience in the rapidly evolving iGaming market, further solidifying our position as a global leader in this arena.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
About Betly
The interactive gaming division of global hospitality and entertainment company Delaware North operates
Betly Casino & Sportsbook
online in West Virginia, Betly Sportsbook online in Arkansas and Tennessee in conjunction with Delaware North’s Southland Casino Hotel, and Betly Sportsbook Ohio online in Ohio for Miami Valley Gaming, a joint venture property of Delaware North’s. Online casino enthusiasts can enjoy daily promotions, thrilling tournaments and a robust offering of slots, video table games and live dealer table games on Betly Casino & Sportsbook. Sports bettors can also enjoy all the action of a wide range of betting possibilities on sports, matches and competitions from around the world.
About Delaware North Gaming
Delaware North’s gaming division is one of the most innovative gaming operators in the United States, specializing in regional venues with slots and video gaming machines, table games, poker rooms, full-service restaurants, retail shops and hotels. We have gaming destinations in New York, New Hampshire, Arizona, Arkansas, Florida, West Virginia, Ohio and Illinois, as well as in Australia. We are also the lead consultant on the Catawba Nation’s $700 million casino resort project in North Carolina. Our interactive division operates mobile sports betting and iGaming in several states via the Betly brand, and we also own and operate Ruby Seven Studios, a leading developer of social casino gaming applications. Delaware North is a global leader in hospitality and entertainment. Learn more at
www.DelawareNorth.com.
‍
Nuvei announces completion of Going Private transaction
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-completion-of-going-private-transaction
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI, TSX: NVEI) announces its acquisition by Advent International, Novacap, and CDPQ for $34 per share. CEO Philip Fayer continues to lead as the company embarks on a new growth phase. Learn more.
MONTREAL, November 15, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“
Nuvei
” or the “
Company
”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today the completion of the previously announced plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the “
Plan of Arrangement
”) pursuant to which Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “
Purchaser
”), an entity formed by Advent International (“
Advent
”), acquired, directly or indirectly, all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (the “
Subordinate Voting Shares
”) and multiple voting shares (the “Multiple Voting Shares” and together with the Subordinate Voting Shares, the “
Shares
”) of the Company for a price of US$34.00 per Share (the “
Arrangement
”).
As part of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, “
Novacap
”) and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (“
CDPQ
”) (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the “
Rollover Shareholders
”) sold their Shares (the “
Rollover Shares
”) in exchange for a combination of cash and shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof, in accordance with the terms of the Plan of Arrangement and the applicable rollover agreement entered into with each Rollover Shareholder in connection with the Arrangement. As a result of the Arrangement, the Company became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Purchaser, of which Advent, Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ hold or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, approximately 46%, 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively.
Nuvei Founder & CEO Philip Fayer rolled approximately 95% of his Shares and will continue to be one of the largest shareholders in the Company. He will also continue to serve as Nuvei’s Chair and Chief Executive Officer, leading the business in all aspects of its operations, along with Nuvei’s current leadership team who have continued in their roles.
“We are excited to embark on a new chapter with Advent, Novacap and CDPQ, one focused on our long-term strategy and commitment to accelerating the revenue of our customers globally,” said Fayer. “For more than 20 years we have provided customers with mission-critical solutions they need to execute on their growth journeys. This commitment will remain the same as we continue to build deeper partnerships with our customers by providing them modern, flexible and purpose-built technology. A key part of this next phase will be the implementation of our Value Creation Plan, a comprehensive strategic exercise designed to optimize our operations as we execute on various opportunities for accelerated growth. Advent joins our long-standing investors, Novacap and CDPQ, who remain meaningful investors and believe in a dynamic and successful future for Nuvei,” concluded Fayer.
“Since 2017, we have been privileged to support Nuvei’s management in executing its ambitious global growth strategy. Together with a leadership team that continually drives innovation and builds meaningful partnerships across industries, Nuvei has established itself as a fintech leader in key verticals with sustainable, long-term growth potential. As the Company embarks on an exciting new chapter of expansion, we look forward to strengthening our collaboration and unlocking new opportunities to create lasting value for all stakeholders," said David Lewin, Lead Senior Partner at Novacap.
“Ever since our first investment in Nuvei in 2017, CDPQ is proud to have supported this Québec fintech leader at every stage of its growth, particularly through acquisitions on a global scale. We are delighted to accompany Nuvei once again as it embarks on this new chapter of its history, alongside recognized partners such as Advent, as well as existing shareholders Philip Fayer and Novacap,” said Kim Thomassin, Executive Vice-President and Head of Québec at CDPQ.
Bo Huang, Managing Director at Advent, said: “We are excited to begin this partnership and support Nuvei’s growth through investments and acquisitions to best serve its customers globally as a modern payments partner.”
Consideration for the Shares has been remitted by or on behalf of the Purchaser to TSX Trust Company as depositary under the Arrangement, and will be paid to former shareholders of the Company as soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof (or, in the case of registered shareholders, as soon as reasonably practicable after a properly completed and signed letter of transmittal is received by the depositary together with the share certificate(s) and/or DRS Advice(s) representing Shares formerly held by them).
As a result of the completion of the Arrangement, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be de-listed from the Toronto Stock Exchange on or about November 18, 2024 and from the Nasdaq Global Select Market on or about November 25, 2024. The Company has applied to cease to be a reporting issuer under Canadian securities laws in all Canadian jurisdictions. The Company will also deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
Early Warning Reporting
Further to the requirements of National Instrument 62-104 Take-Over Bids and Issuer Bids and National Instrument 62-103 The Early Warning System and Related Take-Over Bid and Insider Reporting Issues, the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof and Philip Fayer and certain entities controlled by Philip Fayer will file an early warning report in accordance with applicable securities laws. A copy of each of the early warning reports will be made available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca.
Immediately prior to closing of the Arrangement and the related transactions, AI Maple Aggregator, L.P. ("
Maple Aggregator
"), an entity formed by Advent with an indirect interest in the Purchaser, did not own, or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, any Shares. Upon the completion of the Arrangement, Maple Aggregator, through its indirect interest in the Purchaser, controls 46% of the 66,096,274 Subordinate Voting Shares and 76,064,619 Multiple Voting Shares issued and outstanding in the capital of the Company. The consideration paid by the Purchaser for the Shares (excluding any Rollover Shares exchanged for shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof) was US$34.00 per Share (equivalent to C$47.69). The Rollover Shares exchanged for shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof had an implied value of US$34.00 (equivalent to C$47.69). All figures in this press release have been calculated using a US$:C$ exchange rate of 1.4027, being the daily US$:C$ exchange rate published by the Bank of Canada for November 14, 2024.
Immediately prior to closing of the Arrangement and the related transactions, Philip Fayer and certain entities controlled by Philip Fayer beneficially owned and controlled 27,857,328 Multiple Voting Shares (representing 36.62% of the issued and outstanding Multiple Voting Shares) and 124,986 Subordinate Voting Shares (representing 0.2% of the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares). In connection with the Arrangement, Philip Fayer and such entities sold their Shares directly or indirectly to the Purchaser at an implied value of US$34.00 per Share (equivalent to C$47.69) for aggregate cash proceeds of US$75,096,573 and common shares of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof at an aggregate implied value of US$876,302,102. Following completion of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer and an entity controlled by him became shareholders of the Purchaser’s indirect parent company and no longer beneficially own or control any Shares. Mr. Fayer now indirectly owns or controls approximately 24% of the equity in the resulting private company. Further information and a copy of the early warning report of Philip Fayer may be obtained by contacting:
Chris Mammone
Head of Investor Relations
Nuvei Corporation
IR@nuvei.com
310.654.4212
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “
Forward-looking information
”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all Forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements with respect to the delisting of the Subordinate Voting Shares from the Toronto Stock Exchange and from the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Company ceasing to be a reporting issuer under applicable Canadian securities laws and the deregistration of the Subordinate Voting Shares under the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are Forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain Forward-looking information. Statements containing Forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the Forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what management believes are reasonable assumptions, readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the Forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the possibility that the Subordinate Voting Shares will not be delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Global Select Market within the timing currently contemplated, that the Subordinate Voting Shares may not be delisted at all, due to failure to satisfy, in a timely manner or otherwise, conditions necessary for the delisting of the Subordinate Voting Shares or for other reasons, and that the Company’s application to cease to be a reporting issuer under applicable Canadian securities laws may not be accepted or may be delayed.
Consequently, all of the Forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the Forward-looking information contained herein represents the Company’s expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such Forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Nuvei receives all regulatory approvals for going private transaction
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-receives-all-regulatory-approvals-for-going-private-transaction
Nuvei Corporation has obtained all regulatory approvals to finalize its arrangement with Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., backed by Advent International and Philip Fayer, expected to close by November 15, 2024.
MONTREAL, November 13, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today that it has received all regulatory approvals required in connection with the closing of the previously-announced plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., an entity formed by Advent International, with the support and participation of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and CDPQ. The Company expects that, subject to the satisfaction at closing of the remaining closing conditions, the Arrangement will be completed on or about November 15, 2024.
The Arrangement was approved by Nuvei shareholders at a special meeting of shareholders held on June 18, 2024, and the Company obtained a final order from the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) approving the Arrangement on June 20, 2024.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024, which was mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at
www.sedarplus.ca
and on EDGAR at
www.sec.gov
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all Forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the Arrangement, including the proposed timing of completion of the Arrangement, are Forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain Forward-looking information. Statements containing Forward looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the Forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what management believes are reasonable assumptions, readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the Forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Arrangement, the failure of the parties to satisfy the remaining conditions to the completion of the Arrangement or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the Arrangement, and general economic conditions. Failure to satisfy the remaining conditions to the completion of the Arrangement may result in the Arrangement not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the Arrangement is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Arrangement and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the Arrangement could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee to the purchaser pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement governing the Arrangement, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the Forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that management anticipates will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the Forward-looking information contained herein represents the Company’s expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such Forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei Announces Third Quarter 2024 Results
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-third-quarter-2024-results
Nuvei Announces Third Quarter 2024 Results
Nuvei reports in U.S. dollars and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
MONTREAL, NOVEMBER 12, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today reported its financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024.
“We are pleased to report third quarter financial results that underscore the rapid scaling of our business, with total volume increasing 27% and revenue higher by 17% year-over-year, setting us up well to achieve our targeted growth in the quarters and years ahead as we deliver more differentiated value across our global payment solutions platform,” said Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO. “Our business remains highly profitable, with third quarter margins reflecting opportunistic investments to expand our global footprint. As we look to finalize our pending take-private, we are already executing on a highly compelling value creation plan, and we have initiated the process of adding 300-plus new roles across our product, technology, and commercial teams,” concluded Fayer.
Financial Highlights for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 27% to $61.3 billion from $48.2 billion;
Revenue increased by  17% to $357.6 million from $304.9 million;
Net income increased to $17.2 million from a net loss of  $18.1 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) decreased by 2% to $108.8 million from $110.7 million;
Adjusted net income(b) decreased by 8% to $52.3 million from $56.8 million;
Net income per diluted share increased to $0.10 from a net loss per diluted share of  $0.14;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) decreased by 13% to $0.34 from $0.39;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) decreased to $92.6 million from $97.5 million.
Financial Highlights for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 30% to $183.1 billion from $141.2 billion;
Revenue increased 20% to $1,038.2 million from $868.4 million;
Net income increased to $17.8 million from a net loss of  $14.8 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 7% to $340.4 million from $317.3 million;
Adjusted net income(b) decreased by 1% to $177.4 million from $179.3 million;
Net income per diluted share increased to $0.08 from a net loss per diluted share of $0.14;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) decreased by 4% to $1.16 from $1.21;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b)increased by 4% to $288.0 million from $277.0 million; and,
Cash dividends declared were $42.3 million.
(a) Total volume does not represent revenue earned by the Company, but rather the total dollar value of transactions processed by merchants under contractual agreement with the Company. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
(b) Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures are non-IFRS measures and non-IFRS ratios. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
Proposed take private transaction
As previously announced, on April 1, 2024 the Company entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International (“Advent”), one of the world’s largest and most experienced global private equity investors, as well as a longstanding sponsor in the payments space, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, in an all-cash transaction which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately $6.3 billion (the “Proposed transaction”). Advent will acquire all the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares and any Multiple Voting Shares (collectively the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares , for a price of $34.00 per Share, in cash. This price represents an attractive and significant premium of approximately 56% to the closing price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) on March 15, 2024, the last trading day prior to media reports concerning a potential transaction involving the Company, and a premium of approximately 48% to the 90-day volume weighted average trading price per Subordinate Voting Share as of such date.
The Proposed transaction will be implemented by way of a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act. The Proposed transaction was approved by shareholders at a special meeting held on June 18, 2024 and received court approval on June 20, 2024. The Proposed transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals (a majority of which were received and/or for which the waiting period has expired as of the date hereof, with a limited number of approvals remaining outstanding), is not subject to any financing condition and, assuming the timely receipt of all required key regulatory approvals, is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024.
Following completion of the transaction, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be delisted from each of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq and that Nuvei will cease to be a reporting issuer in all applicable Canadian jurisdictions and will deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Cash Dividend
Nuvei today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized and declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per Subordinate Voting Share and Multiple Voting Share, payable on December 12, 2024 to shareholders of record on November 26, 2024. The aggregate amount of the dividend is expected to be approximately $14 million, to be funded from the Company’s existing cash on hand. In accordance with the Plan of  arrangement, shareholders are entitled to dividends with a record date prior to the effective date of the Proposed transaction. Should the Proposed transaction be completed before the record date, the dividend will not be paid. Accordingly, payment of the dividend will be made on December 12, 2024 if the Proposed transaction is not completed prior to the record date of November 26, 2024.
The Company, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial or territorial legislation, designates the dividend declared for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, and any future dividends, to be eligible dividends. The Company further expects to report such dividends as a dividend to U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to applicable limitations, dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. shareholders may be eligible for taxation as “qualified dividend income” and therefore may be taxable at rates applicable to long-term capital gains. A U.S. shareholder should talk to its advisor regarding such dividends, including with respect to the “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (US).
The declaration, timing, amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, as more fully described under the heading “Forward-Looking Information” of this press release.
Conference Call, Financial Outlook and Growth Targets
In light of the Proposed transaction, Nuvei no longer holds earnings conference calls or provides a financial outlook or growth targets.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 720 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
Nuvei’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to the preparation of interim financial statements, including IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as issued by the IASB. The information presented in this press release includes non-IFRS financial measures, non-IFRS financial ratios and supplementary financial measures, namely Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per basic share, Adjusted net income per diluted share, Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures and Total volume. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Rather, these measures are provided as additional information to complement IFRS measures by providing further understanding of our results of operations from our perspective. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analysis of the Company’s financial statements reported under IFRS. These measures are used to provide investors with additional insight of our operating performance and thus highlight trends in Nuvei’s business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on IFRS measures. We also believe that securities analysts, investors and other interested parties frequently use these non-IFRS and other financial measures in the evaluation of issuers. We also use these measures to facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period, to prepare annual operating budgets and forecasts and to determine components of management compensation. We believe these measures are important additional measures of our performance, primarily because they and similar measures are used widely among others in the payment technology industry as a means of evaluating a company’s underlying operating performance.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
Adjusted EBITDA:
We use Adjusted EBITDA as a means to evaluate operating performance, by eliminating the impact of non-operational or non-cash items. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before finance costs (recovery), finance income, depreciation and amortization, income tax expense, acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, and legal settlement and other.
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures:
We use Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures (which we define as acquisition of intangible assets and property and equipment) as a supplementary indicator of our operating performance.
Adjusted net income:
We use Adjusted net income as an indicator of business performance and profitability with our current tax and capital structure. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) before acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and the related income tax expense or recovery for these items. Adjusted net income also excludes change in redemption value of liability-classified common and preferred shares, change in fair value of share repurchase liability and accelerated amortization of deferred financing fees and legal settlement and other.
Non-IFRS Financial Ratios
Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share: We use Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share as an indicator of performance and profitability of our business on a per share basis. Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share means Adjusted net income less net income attributable to non-controlling interest divided by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, respectively. The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
Supplementary Financial Measures
We monitor the following key performance indicators to help us evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner that differs from similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
Total volume:
We believe Total volume is an indicator of performance of our business. Total volume and similar measures are used widely among others in the payments industry as a means of evaluating a company’s performance. We define Total volume as the total dollar value of transactions processed in the period by customers under contractual agreement with us. Total volume does not represent revenue earned by us. Total volume includes acquiring volume, where we are in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, gateway/technology volume, where we provide our gateway/technology services but are not in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, as well as the total dollar value of transactions processed relating to APMs and payouts. Since our revenue is primarily sales volume and transaction-based, generated from merchants’ daily sales and through various fees for value-added services provided to our customers, fluctuations in Total volume will generally impact our revenue.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking information may include, without limitation, information with respect to our objectives and the strategies to achieve these objectives, as well as information with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, information regarding our expectations of future results, performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities or the markets in which we operate, expectations regarding industry trends and the size and growth rates of addressable markets, our business plans and growth strategies, addressable market opportunity for our solutions, expectations regarding growth and cross-selling opportunities and intention to capture an increasing share of addressable markets, the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, intentions to expand existing relationships, further penetrate verticals, enter new geographical markets, expand into and further increase penetration of international markets, intentions to selectively pursue and successfully integrate acquisitions, and expected acquisition outcomes, cost savings, synergies and benefits, including with respect to the acquisition of Paya, future investments in our business and anticipated capital expenditures, our intention to continuously innovate, differentiate and enhance our platform and solutions, expected pace of ongoing legislation of regulated activities and industries, our competitive strengths and competitive position in our industry, and expectations regarding our revenue, revenue mix and the revenue generation potential of our solutions and expectations regarding our margins and future profitability, as well as statements regarding the Proposed transaction with Advent International L.P., alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec or Advent, are forward-looking information. Economic and geopolitical uncertainties, including regional conflicts and wars, including potential impacts of sanctions, may also heighten the impact of certain factors described herein.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, regarding, among other things, assumptions regarding foreign exchange rate, competition, political environment and economic performance of each region where the Company operates and general economic conditions and the competitive environment within our industry, including the following assumptions: (a) the Company will continue to effectively execute against its key strategic growth priorities, without any material adverse impact from macroeconomic or geopolitical headwinds on its or its customers' business, financial condition, financial performance, liquidity or any significant reduction in demand for its products and services, (b) the economic conditions in our core markets, geographies and verticals, including resulting consumer spending and employment, remaining at close to current levels, (c) assumptions as to foreign exchange rates and interest rates, including inflation, (d) the Company's continued ability to manage its growth effectively, (e) the Company's ability to continue to attract and retain key talent and personnel required to achieve its plans and strategies, including sales, marketing, support and product and technology operations, in each case both domestically and internationally, (f) the Company’s ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate and realize the expected benefits of past and recent acquisitions and manage the associated risks, as well as future acquisitions, (g) the absence of adverse changes in legislative or regulatory matters, (h) the Company’s continued ability to upskill and modify its compliance capabilities as regulations change or as the Company enters new markets or offers new products or services, (i) the Company’s continued ability to access liquidity and capital resources, including its ability to secure debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, and (j) the absence of adverse changes in current tax laws. Unless otherwise indicated, forward-looking information does not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under “Risk Factors” of the Company's annual information form ("AIF") and the “Risk Factor’s” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 (“MD&A”), such as: risks relating to our business, industry and overall economic uncertainty; the rapid developments and change in our industry; substantial competition both within our industry and from other payments providers; challenges implementing our growth strategy; challenges to expand our product portfolio and market reach; changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, consumer spending and other macroeconomic factors affecting our customers and our results of operations; challenges in expanding into new geographic regions internationally and continuing our growth within our markets; challenges in retaining existing customers, increasing sales to existing customers and attracting new customers; reliance on third-party partners to distribute some of our products and services; risks associated with future acquisitions, partnerships or joint-ventures; challenges related to economic and political conditions, business cycles and credit risks of our customers, such as wars like the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts and related economic sanctions; the occurrence of a natural disaster, a widespread health epidemic or pandemic or other similar events; history of net losses and additional significant investments in our business; our level of indebtedness; challenges to secure financing on favorable terms or at all; difficulty to maintain the same rate of revenue growth as our business matures and to evaluate our future prospects; inflation; challenges related to a significant number of our customers being small and medium businesses ("SMBs"); a certain degree of concentration in our customer base and customer sectors; compliance with the requirements of payment networks; reliance on, and compliance with, the requirements of acquiring banks and payment networks; challenges related to the reimbursement of chargebacks from our customers; financial liability related to the inability of our customers (merchants) to fulfill their requirements; our bank accounts being located in multiple territories and relying on banking partners to maintain those accounts; decline in the use of electronic payment methods; loss of key personnel or difficulties hiring qualified personnel; deterioration in relationships with our employees; impairment of a significant portion of intangible assets and goodwill; increasing fees from payment networks; misappropriation of end-user transaction funds by our employees; frauds by customers, their customers or others; coverage of our insurance policies; the degree of effectiveness of our risk management policies and procedures in mitigating our risk exposure; the integration of a variety of operating systems, software, hardware, web browsers and networks in our services; the costs and effects of pending and future litigation; various claims such as wrongful hiring of an employee from a competitor, wrongful use of confidential information of third parties by our employees, consultants or independent contractors or wrongful use of trade secrets by our employees of their former employers; deterioration in the quality of the products and services offered; managing our growth effectively; challenges from seasonal fluctuations on our operating results; changes in accounting standards; estimates and assumptions in the application of accounting policies; risks associated with less than full control rights of some of our subsidiaries and investments; challenges related to our holding company structure; impacts of climate change; development of AI and its integration in our operations, as well as risks relating to intellectual property and technology, risks related to data security incidents, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or otherwise which may result in a disruption of services or liability exposure; challenges regarding regulatory compliance in the jurisdictions in which we operate, due to complex, conflicting and evolving local laws and regulations and legal proceedings and risks relating to our Subordinate Voting Shares. [These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Proposed transaction with Advent, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all.] In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Our dividend policy is at the discretion of the Board. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our securities will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable Canadian laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions (including covenants contained in our credit facilities), general business conditions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Further, our ability to pay dividends, as well as make share repurchases, will be subject to applicable laws and contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our indebtedness, including our credit facility. Any of the foregoing may have the result of restricting future dividends or share repurchases.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
Contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
(a)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these expenses were $2.4 million and $16.8 million ($3.4 million and $23.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)	acquisition-related compensation was $0.7 million and $2.4  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.6 million and $3.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)	change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)	severance and integration expenses, which were $4.6 million and $5.1  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 ($1.1 million and $10.6 million for three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(b)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $14.9 million and $65.3 million ($34.0 million and $105.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023), $0.5 million and $4.9 million for related payroll taxes ($0.1 million and $0.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023),
(c)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(a)	This line item relates to amortization expense taken on intangible assets created from the purchase price adjustment process on acquired companies and businesses and resulting from a change in control of the Company.
(b)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, these expenses were $2.4 million and $16.8 million ($3.4 million and $23.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)   acquisition-related compensation was $0.7 million and $2.4  million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and $0.6 million and $3.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)  change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)  severance and integration expenses, which were $4.6 million and $5.1 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 ($1.1 million and $10.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(c)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $14.9 million and $65.3 million ($34.0 million and $105.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023), $0.5 million and $4.9 million for related payroll taxes ($0.1 million and $0.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023).
(d)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(e)	This line item reflects income tax expense on taxable adjustments using the tax rate of the applicable jurisdiction.
(f)	The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
‍
‍
‍
‍
Nuvei partners with BigCommerce
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-bigcommerce
Nuvei partners with BigCommerce
Collaboration brings Nuvei's comprehensive Nuvei for Platform integrated payments solution to BigCommerce customers, including seamless omnichannel experiences
MONTREAL and AUSTIN
, October 22, 2024 – Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced it has partnered with BigCommerce (Nasdaq: BIGC), a leading open SaaS and composable ecommerce platform for fast-growing and established B2C and B2B brands and retailers. This partnership, launching internationally across North America, Europe and APAC, enables BigCommerce customers to access Nuvei's comprehensive suite of omnichannel payment solutions through its Nuvei for Platforms solution, bridging the gap between online and in-store experiences through a single payment processing partner.
Nuvei's offering for BigCommerce customers provides comprehensive transaction processing capabilities, including payment acceptance, pre-authorization, refund management, advanced 3DS2 technology, multi-currency support, stored card processing, and embedded checkout integration. BigCommerce brands and retailers benefit from bank-agnostic fast settlements, access to all the relevant alternative payment methods, centralized payment management, and dedicated integration support. This single, seamless solution empowers businesses to streamline operations, cater to diverse customer preferences, and optimize payment processing costs while ensuring quick access to revenue through same-day or next-day funding.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “We are thrilled to partner with BigCommerce to bring our cutting-edge Nuvei for Platforms payment solutions to their global customer base, beginning in the North American, European and Australian markets. This partnership aligns perfectly with our mission to connect businesses to their customers more deeply through payments, offering tailored solutions that cater to the specific needs of eCommerce businesses that are focused on scaling their business.”
Fayer added: “By combining Nuvei's expertise in unified payment solutions with BigCommerce's robust platform, we're providing customers with the tools they need to succeed in both digital and physical marketplaces.”
Shannon Ingrey, Vice President and General Manager, APAC, at BigCommerce, stated: “Our partnership with Nuvei further illustrates our commitment to providing customers access to the highest-caliber technologies and service providers available in the industry. Nuvei shares our desire to help brands and retailers sell more and grow faster to maximize success, and we look forward to working together to mutually support customers.”
‍
Nuvei For Platforms: Accelerating growth through integrated payments
This partnership is the latest announcement from Nuvei as it continues to strengthen its global reach in the global eCommerce SaaS market, one of the fastest growing subsectors of eCommerce. Nuvei for Platforms, Nuvei’s suite of integrated payments solutions, empowers businesses to accelerate growth and drive revenue by providing them with a fully customizable solution to embed enterprise-grade payments technology into their own platforms. This solution enables platforms to offer complex, high-performance payment solutions that were once only available to large enterprises, now accessible to businesses of all sizes.
‍
About BigCommerce
BigCommerce (Nasdaq: BIGC) is a leading open SaaS and composable ecommerce platform that empowers brands and retailers of all sizes to build, innovate and grow their businesses online. BigCommerce provides its customers sophisticated enterprise-grade functionality, customization and performance with simplicity and ease-of-use. Tens of thousands of B2C and B2B companies across 150 countries and numerous industries rely on BigCommerce, including Burrow, Coldwater Creek, Francesca’s, Harvey Nichols, King Arthur Baking Co., MKM Building Supplies, United Aqua Group and Uplift Desk. For more information, please visit www.bigcommerce.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn.
BigCommerce® is a registered trademark of BigCommerce Pty. Ltd. Third-party trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information,
visit www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
‍
‍
JCB and Nuvei expand global partnership in APAC
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
jcb-and-nuvei-expand-global-partnership-in-apac
JCB International and Nuvei Corporation announce the expansion of their partnership to include Singapore and Hong Kong, enhancing payment solutions for over 158 million JCB cardmembers. This collaboration strengthens Nuvei’s position in the APAC eCommerce market, allowing merchants to seamlessly accept JCB payments. Learn more about this strategic move and its implications for businesses in the region.
Businesses in Singapore and Hong Kong can now accept payments by JCB credit and debit cards through their existing single integration with Nuvei
TOKYO and MONTREAL, October 8, 2024
– JCB International Co., Ltd. ("JCB"), Japan's only international payment brand, today announced that it has expanded its global partnership with Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, to include Singapore and Hong Kong. This expansion builds upon Nuvei's existing relationship with JCB in Europe, further strengthening Nuvei's position in the rapidly growing Asia-Pacific (APAC) eCommerce market.
Through this enhanced partnership, Nuvei now offers JCB acceptance to its global merchant ecosystem, enabling JCB's community of more than 158 million cardmembers to pay directly to online businesses integrated with Nuvei. This development is particularly significant for Nuvei's customers in the APAC region,
including leading eCommerce brands such as Charles & Keith
.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Extending our partnership with JCB to Singapore and Hong Kong enhances our service offering for businesses in strategic APAC markets and demonstrates our commitment to providing comprehensive payment solutions that drive growth for our clients globally."
The expansion of the JCB partnership aligns with Nuvei's ongoing strategic investments in the APAC region. Nuvei is a fully licensed direct local acquirer in Singapore and Hong Kong, and
recently obtained a Major Payment Institution (MPI) license in Singapore
.
Nuvei's modular payments platform enables clients to securely connect with customers in over 200 markets worldwide through a single integration, accepting 716 alternative payment methods and offering acquiring in over 50 markets. This extensive reach and flexibility are particularly valuable in the context of the rapidly expanding eCommerce markets in Singapore and Hong Kong.
Singapore’s eCommerce market is predicted to grow at a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of nearly 10%, with gross merchandise value
expected to reach US$23.5 billion by 2027
. Hong Kong's eCommerce market is projected to grow at a similar CAGR of nearly 9%, with
revenues expected to exceed US$7 billion by 2029
.
Hiroko Michishita, Managing Director, JCB International Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., said, “Between 2021 and 2022, JCB has almost doubled the volume of ecommerce transactions in Singapore. While East Asia is our traditional stronghold, we have seen substantial growth in our ASEAN card base of 132% from 2018 to 2023. Nuvei’s latest expansion into Singapore and Hong Kong complements JCB’s long-term growth strategy. We are confident that Nuvei’s presence in Asia will enable both companies to work closer together and quickly achieve substantial sales volumes.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information,
visit www.nuvei.com
‍
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
About JCB
JCB is a major global payment brand and a leading credit card issuer and acquirer in Japan. JCB launched its card business in Japan in 1961 and began expanding worldwide in 1981. Its acceptance network includes about 49 million merchants around the world. JCB Cards are now issued mainly in Asian countries and territories, with more than 158 million cardmembers. As part of its international growth strategy, JCB has formed alliances with hundreds of leading banks and financial institutions globally to increase its merchant coverage and cardmember base. As a comprehensive payment solution provider, JCB commits to providing responsive and high-quality service and products to all customers worldwide. For more information, please visit:
www.global.jcb/en/
‍
Contact:
Kosuke Ochiai
Corporate Communications
Tel: +81-3-5778-8353
Email:
jcb-pr@info.jcb.co.jp
‍
Nuvei for Platforms adds new functionality
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-for-platforms-adds-new-functionality
Discover how Nuvei's latest platform enhancements, including decoupled pay-ins/payouts, split payments, and auto reconciliation, empower businesses like marketplaces, ISVs, and payment facilitators to optimize payments and drive revenue globally.
Upgrades to Nuvei’s suite of seamless Embedded Payments solutions unlocks new growth opportunities for businesses of all sizes
MONTREAL, September 24 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced the launch of several new features and enhancements for its Nuvei for Platforms product.
Nuvei for Platforms is designed to accelerate growth and drive revenue for various business models, including marketplaces, commerce platforms, the gig economy, payment facilitators, and independent software vendors (ISVs).  Through a single integration, businesses can customize Nuvei's comprehensive suite of payments technology, including merchant onboarding, pay-ins and payouts, optimization, orchestration, fraud prevention, and risk management.
Highlights of Nuvei for Platforms’ new features and enhancements include:
Decoupled pay-ins and payouts
to provide greater flexibility in managing cash flow, optimize currency conversions, and tailor payment strategies to specific market needs. Businesses can also expand their geographic reach for payment acceptance, choosing from over 700 local and alternative payment methods. Nuvei for Platforms currently supports decoupled pay-ins and payouts in the UK and EU, with global expansion to follow.
Split Payments:
Nuvei's split payments feature streamlines operations by automatically splitting each processed transaction into the platform's commission and the seller's fee, ensuring PSD2 compliance. It also enables seamless multi-seller management and simplifies regulatory compliance by keeping the platform out of the money flow.
Auto Reconciliation:
Nuvei's auto reconciliation capabilities consolidate multiple incoming payment flows into a single payout to the seller or platform, simplifying accounting and operations.
Balance Management:
New features include the ability to transfer funds between marketplace and seller accounts, allowing platforms to charge for corrections or monthly fees.
Seller Invoicing:
Nuvei’s seller invoicing feature has been updated to offer enhanced customization and white-label options, allowing businesses to tailor invoices to their brand identity and specific operational needs.
Amidst the digital transformation of the global commerce landscape, the Embedded Payments market is poised for continued rapid growth, translating into substantial revenue opportunities for Nuvei via its Nuvei for Platforms product suite. The market, valued at approximately USD $83bn in 2023, is projected to expand at a compound annual growth rate of greater than 30%,
reaching an estimated $730bn by 2032
.
"Our mission is to empower businesses to connect more deeply with their customers through innovative payments solutions. This new functionality is a testament to that commitment," said Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. "By enhancing the embedded payments capabilities of our platform, we're enabling our customers – from marketplaces and commerce platforms to payment facilitators and software providers – to offer a seamless, customized payments experience that unlocks new growth opportunities."
The growth of marketplace payments
Marketplace payments are experiencing rapid growth, driven by the surge in eCommerce adoption and the international expansion of many of the globe’s leading online marketplaces. Marketplaces are now the single largest source of online consumer purchases, with estimates ranging from
40-60% of all consumer payments taking place via a marketplace platform
. The relevance of marketplaces will continue to grow, with Gross Merchandise Value reaching an estimated
$3.8tn for the top 100 global marketplaces in 2024
.
By leveraging Nuvei's cutting-edge solutions, businesses can unlock new revenue streams and capitalize on the booming marketplace economy. The flexibility and control provided by the decoupled pay-in and payout processes, along with the availability of localized payment methods, position Nuvei as a key strategic partner in driving marketplace success.
In conjunction with introducing these new product enhancements to its Nuvei for Platforms offering, Nuvei recently acquired marketplace technology provider Payaut and is excited to welcome its expert team that brings even more specialized knowledge to support our ongoing commitment to innovation in the payments space.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei publishes its Third Annual Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Report
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-publishes-its-third-annual-environmental-social-and-governance-esg-report
Discover Nuvei’s 2023 ESG Report detailing advancements in corporate governance, gender equality, environmental impact, and team member engagement. Learn more about the company's ongoing commitment to transparency, accountability, and sustainability.
MONTREAL, September 5 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today that it has published its third annual ESG Report for 2023.
The report details Nuvei’s ongoing achievements across the key pillars of its ESG strategy and highlights the various ways Nuvei continues to deliver on its vision of being a people-first, technology-led global payments platform.
“Sound corporate governance, strong information security procedures, team member well-being, positive community contributions, and environmental stewardship have been cornerstones of our culture since our inception more than 20 years ago,” said Philip Fayer, Chair and CEO of Nuvei. “We remain committed to an ESG journey that relies on continuous improvement in our transparency, accountability, and results.”
A selection of Nuvei’s 2023 ESG achievements detailed in the report include:
Integrating ESG Materiality Assessment Results: Nuvei worked to incorporate the results of the inaugural ESG Materiality Assessment and align the Company’s ESG priorities with long-term strategy
ESG Policy: The Company established a formal ESG Policy summarizing its commitments and sustainability initiatives
Team Member Engagement Survey: Nuvei completed and began implementing the results from its first companywide team member engagement survey. Through this process and team member insights the Company established new team member resources and engagement initiatives
Team Member Resource Group: The Company established a formal Team Member Resource Group, OneNuvei, and its three sub-groups: DE&I, Whole Person Wellness and Global Collaboration
Commitment to Gender Equality: As the Company continually strives to empower its team members and achieve equality regardless of gender, Nuvei is proud to have met a goal set out by the Company’s Board Diversity Policy for Women to represent at least 30% of the Board by the end of fiscal year 2023
GHG Emissions Assessment: Nuvei further assessed the results of its formal Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") Inventory to better understand its environmental impact and identify where the Company can make the most difference
Data in this report has been aligned with the Sustainability Accounting Standards (SASB) Technology and Communications standards for the Software and IT Services Industry and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs)
The full report is available to read and download online
here
.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Scanco selects Nuvei to boost B2B payments for warehouse and manufacturing operations
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
scanco-selects-nuvei-to-boost-b2b-payments-for-warehouse-and-manufacturing-operations
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI) partners with Scanco Software to enhance the i2PAY solution, integrating advanced payment processing and ERP capabilities to streamline operations, improve cash flow, and support international expansion for manufacturing and distribution sectors.
Partnership enhances payment capabilities for Scanco customers, streamlining operations and improving financial visibility
MONTREAL and NOKOMIS, Florida, August 8 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces its partnership with Scanco Software, LLC ("Scanco"), a leading provider of innovative software solutions for the manufacturing and distribution industries, to enhance Scanco’s new Invoice2Payment (i2PAY) solution.
i2PAY complements Scanco’s existing warehouse management capabilities with payments features including online payment processing, email receipts, automated deposits, and advanced analytics. Collaborating with Nuvei enables Scanco customers to access a market-leading suite of payment solutions, including Card-Not-Present and ACH processing capabilities, integrated directly into Scanco customers' enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems, including Sage, to facilitate simplified workflows, increase back-office efficiencies, and shorten invoice-to-cash cycles.
Nuvei's ERP payments engine delivers seamlessly integrated payment acceptance and disbursement solutions to its customers, as well as single-view visibility of data and insights needed to make faster, better-informed decisions. By leveraging Nuvei's deep ERP payments expertise, and delivering near-real-time payment information, Scanco customers will be able to reconcile financial information across systems and improve visibility more efficiently.
The partnership helps Scanco facilitate its aspirations to develop an Autonomous Supply Chain platform across eCommerce, Distributed Order Management, Warehouse Management Systems and Production and Shipping. Also, by  utilizing Nuvei's global reach Scanco will achieve its future international expansion plans.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement:
By integrating our advanced B2B payment capabilities with Scanco's innovative software, we're enabling businesses to streamline their operations, improve cash flow, and make more informed financial decisions.
Andy Nunez, President & CEO of Scanco, added:
Partnering with Nuvei allows us to offer our customers a comprehensive payment solution in i2PAY that addresses the critical payment requirements of our customers. The integration of Nuvei's payment technologies with our mobility solutions will provide unparalleled efficiency and visibility for businesses operating in warehouse and manufacturing environments.
This partnership marks a significant step for Nuvei in increasing its integrated distribution and solidifying its presence as the provider of payment solutions to manufacturing and distribution customers in this rapidly growing sector.
About Scanco
Over the years, Scanco Software, LLC (
www.scanco.com
) has been at the forefront of developing new technologies for mobile warehouse, manufacturing, and payment automation solutions. Scanco's solutions deliver unequaled efficiency and visibility for distribution and manufacturing companies around the globe.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-announces-second-quarter-2024-results
Nuvei today reported its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024.
‍
Nuvei reports in U.S. dollars and in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”)
MONTREAL, AUGUST 6, 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today reported its financial results for the three and six months ended June 30, 2024.
Financial Highlights for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 22% to $61.7 billion from $50.6 billion;
Revenue increased by 13% to $345.5 million from $307.0 million;
Net income decreased by 54% to $5.3 million from $11.6 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 6% to $116.8 million from $110.3 million;
Adjusted net income(b) increased by 8% to $62.6 million from $58.1 million;
Net income per diluted share decreased to $0.02 from $0.07;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) increased by 5% to $0.41 from $0.39 ;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) increased to $96.4 million from $95.9 million.
Financial Highlights for the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024 Compared to 2023:
Total volume(a) increased by 31% to $121.8 billion from $93.0 billion;
Revenue increased 21% to $680.6 million from $563.5 million;
Net income decreased by 84% to $0.5 million from $3.3 million;
Adjusted EBITDA(b) increased by 12% to $231.6 million from $206.6 million;
Adjusted net income(b) increased by 2% to $125.1 million from $122.5 million;
Net loss per diluted share was $0.02 compared to net income per diluted share of $0.00;
Adjusted net income per diluted share(b) was stable at $0.83;
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures(b) increased by 9% to $195.5 million from $179.5 million; and,
Cash dividends declared were $28.2 million.
(a) Total volume does not represent revenue earned by the Company, but rather the total dollar value of transactions processed by merchants under contractual agreement with the Company. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
(b) Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA margin, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per diluted share and Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures are non-IFRS measures and non-IFRS ratios. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. See “Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures”.
Proposed take private transaction
As previously announced, on April 1, 2024 the Company entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International (“Advent”), one of the world’s largest and most experienced global private equity investors, as well as a longstanding sponsor in the payments space, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, in an all-cash transaction which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately $6.3 billion (the “Proposed transaction”). Advent will acquire all the issued and outstanding Subordinate Voting Shares and any Multiple Voting Shares (collectively the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares , for a price of $34.00 per Share, in cash. This price represents an attractive and significant premium of approximately 56% to the closing price of the Subordinate Voting Shares on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”) on March 15, 2024, the last trading day prior to media reports concerning a potential transaction involving the Company, and a premium of approximately 48% to the 90-day volume weighted average trading price per Subordinate Voting Share as of such date.
The Proposed transaction will be implemented by way of a statutory plan of arrangement under the Canada Business Corporations Act. The Proposed transaction was approved by shareholders at a special meeting held on June 18, 2024 and received court approval on June 20, 2024. The proposed transaction remains subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals (a number of which were received and/or for which the waiting period has expired as of the date hereof, with several approvals remaining outstanding), is not subject to any financing condition and, assuming the timely receipt of all required key regulatory approvals, is expected to close in late 2024 or the first quarter of 2025.
Following completion of the transaction, it is expected that the Subordinate Voting Shares will be delisted from each of the Toronto Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq and that Nuvei will cease to be a reporting issuer in all applicable Canadian jurisdictions and will deregister the Subordinate Voting Shares with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”).
Cash Dividend
Nuvei today announced that its Board of Directors has authorized and declared a cash dividend of $0.10 per Subordinate Voting Share and Multiple Voting Share, payable on September 5, 2024 to shareholders of record on August 20, 2024. The aggregate amount of the dividend is expected to be approximately $14 million, to be funded from the Company’s existing cash on hand.
The Company, for the purposes of the Income Tax Act (Canada) and any similar provincial or territorial legislation, designates the dividend declared for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, and any future dividends, to be eligible dividends. The Company further expects to report such dividends as a dividend to U.S. shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Subject to applicable limitations, dividends paid to certain non-corporate U.S. shareholders may be eligible for taxation as “qualified dividend income” and therefore may be taxable at rates applicable to long-term capital gains. A U.S. shareholder should talk to its advisor regarding such dividends, including with respect to the “extraordinary dividend” provisions of the Internal Revenue Code (US).
The declaration, timing, amount and payment of future dividends remain at the discretion of the Board of Directors, as more fully described under the heading “Forward-Looking Information” of this press release.
Conference Call, Financial Outlook and Growth Targets
In light of the Proposed transaction, Nuvei no longer holds earnings conference calls or provides its financial outlook or growth targets.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 716 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Non-IFRS and Other Financial Measures
Nuvei’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS applicable to the preparation of interim financial statements, including IAS 34, Interim Financial Reporting, as issued by the IASB. The information presented in this press release includes non-IFRS financial measures, non-IFRS financial ratios and supplementary financial measures, namely Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted net income, Adjusted net income per basic share, Adjusted net income per diluted share, Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures and Total volume. These measures are not recognized measures under IFRS and do not have standardized meanings prescribed by IFRS and therefore may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other companies. Rather, these measures are provided as additional information to complement IFRS measures by providing further understanding of our results of operations from our perspective. Accordingly, these measures should not be considered in isolation nor as a substitute for analysis of the Company’s financial statements reported under IFRS. These measures are used to provide investors with additional insight of our operating performance and thus highlight trends in Nuvei’s business that may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on IFRS measures. We also believe that securities analysts, investors and other interested parties frequently use these non-IFRS and other financial measures in the evaluation of issuers. We also use these measures to facilitate operating performance comparisons from period to period, to prepare annual operating budgets and forecasts and to determine components of management compensation. We believe these measures are important additional measures of our performance, primarily because they and similar measures are used widely among others in the payment technology industry as a means of evaluating a company’s underlying operating performance.
Non-IFRS Financial Measures
Adjusted EBITDA
: We use Adjusted EBITDA as a means to evaluate operating performance, by eliminating the impact of non-operational or non-cash items. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before finance costs (recovery), finance income, depreciation and amortization, income tax expense, acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, and legal settlement and other.
Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures
: We use Adjusted EBITDA less capital expenditures (which we define as acquisition of intangible assets and property and equipment) as a supplementary indicator of our operating performance.
Adjusted net income
: We use Adjusted net income as an indicator of business performance and profitability with our current tax and capital structure. Adjusted net income is defined as net income (loss) before acquisition, integration and severance costs, share-based payments and related payroll taxes, loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, and the related income tax expense or recovery for these items. Adjusted net income also excludes change in redemption value of liability-classified common and preferred shares, change in fair value of share repurchase liability and accelerated amortization of deferred financing fees and legal settlement and other.
Non-IFRS Financial Ratios
Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share
: We use Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share as an indicator of performance and profitability of our business on a per share basis. Adjusted net income per basic share and per diluted share means Adjusted net income less net income attributable to non-controlling interest divided by the basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period, respectively. The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
Supplementary Financial Measures
We monitor the following key performance indicators to help us evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate business plans and make strategic decisions. Our key performance indicators may be calculated in a manner that differs from similar key performance indicators used by other companies.
Total volume
: We believe Total volume is an indicator of performance of our business. Total volume and similar measures are used widely among others in the payments industry as a means of evaluating a company’s performance. We define Total volume as the total dollar value of transactions processed in the period by customers under contractual agreement with us. Total volume does not represent revenue earned by us. Total volume includes acquiring volume, where we are in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, gateway/technology volume, where we provide our gateway/technology services but are not in the flow of funds in the settlement transaction cycle, as well as the total dollar value of transactions processed relating to APMs and payouts. Since our revenue is primarily sales volume and transaction-based, generated from merchants’ daily sales and through various fees for value-added services provided to our customers, fluctuations in Total volume will generally impact our revenue.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains “forward-looking information” and “forward-looking statements” (collectively, “Forward-looking information”) within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Such forward-looking information may include, without limitation, information with respect to our objectives and the strategies to achieve these objectives, as well as information with respect to our beliefs, plans, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as “may”, “would”, “should”, “could”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “plan”, “foresee”, “believe”, or “continue”, the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, information regarding our expectations of future results, performance, achievements, prospects or opportunities or the markets in which we operate, expectations regarding industry trends and the size and growth rates of addressable markets, our business plans and growth strategies, addressable market opportunity for our solutions, expectations regarding growth and cross-selling opportunities and intention to capture an increasing share of addressable markets, the costs and success of our sales and marketing efforts, intentions to expand existing relationships, further penetrate verticals, enter new geographical markets, expand into and further increase penetration of international markets, intentions to selectively pursue and successfully integrate acquisitions, and expected acquisition outcomes, cost savings, synergies and benefits, including with respect to the acquisition of Paya, future investments in our business and anticipated capital expenditures, our intention to continuously innovate, differentiate and enhance our platform and solutions, expected pace of ongoing legislation of regulated activities and industries, our competitive strengths and competitive position in our industry, and expectations regarding our revenue, revenue mix and the revenue generation potential of our solutions and expectations regarding our margins and future profitability, as well as statements regarding the Proposed transaction with Advent International L.P., alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc., Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec or Advent, are forward-looking information. Economic and geopolitical uncertainties, including regional conflicts and wars, including potential impacts of sanctions, may also heighten the impact of certain factors described herein.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management’s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, regarding, among other things, assumptions regarding foreign exchange rate, competition, political environment and economic performance of each region where the Company operates and general economic conditions and the competitive environment within our industry, including the following assumptions: (a) the Company will continue to effectively execute against its key strategic growth priorities, without any material adverse impact from macroeconomic or geopolitical headwinds on its or its customers' business, financial condition, financial performance, liquidity or any significant reduction in demand for its products and services, (b) the economic conditions in our core markets, geographies and verticals, including resulting consumer spending and employment, remaining at close to current levels, (c) assumptions as to foreign exchange rates and interest rates, including inflation, (d) the Company's continued ability to manage its growth effectively, (e) the Company's ability to continue to attract and retain key talent and personnel required to achieve its plans and strategies, including sales, marketing, support and product and technology operations, in each case both domestically and internationally, (f) the Company’s ability to successfully identify, complete, integrate and realize the expected benefits of past and recent acquisitions and manage the associated risks, as well as future acquisitions, (g) the absence of adverse changes in legislative or regulatory matters, (h) the Company’s continued ability to upskill and modify its compliance capabilities as regulations change or as the Company enters new markets or offers new products or services, (i) the Company’s continued ability to access liquidity and capital resources, including its ability to secure debt or equity financing on satisfactory terms, and (j) the absence of adverse changes in current tax laws. Unless otherwise indicated, forward-looking information does not give effect to the potential impact of any mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or business combinations that may be announced or closed after the date hereof. Although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under “Risk Factors” of the Company's annual information form ("AIF") and the “Risk Factor’s” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2024 (“MD&A”), such as: risks relating to our business, industry and overall economic uncertainty; the rapid developments and change in our industry; substantial competition both within our industry and from other payments providers; challenges implementing our growth strategy; challenges to expand our product portfolio and market reach; changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, consumer spending and other macroeconomic factors affecting our customers and our results of operations; challenges in expanding into new geographic regions internationally and continuing our growth within our markets; challenges in retaining existing customers, increasing sales to existing customers and attracting new customers; reliance on third-party partners to distribute some of our products and services; risks associated with future acquisitions, partnerships or joint-ventures; challenges related to economic and political conditions, business cycles and credit risks of our customers, such as wars like the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflicts and related economic sanctions; the occurrence of a natural disaster, a widespread health epidemic or pandemic or other similar events; history of net losses and additional significant investments in our business; our level of indebtedness; challenges to secure financing on favorable terms or at all; difficulty to maintain the same rate of revenue growth as our business matures and to evaluate our future prospects; inflation; challenges related to a significant number of our customers being small and medium businesses ("SMBs"); a certain degree of concentration in our customer base and customer sectors; compliance with the requirements of payment networks; reliance on, and compliance with, the requirements of acquiring banks and payment networks; challenges related to the reimbursement of chargebacks from our customers; financial liability related to the inability of our customers (merchants) to fulfill their requirements; our bank accounts being located in multiple territories and relying on banking partners to maintain those accounts; decline in the use of electronic payment methods; loss of key personnel or difficulties hiring qualified personnel; deterioration in relationships with our employees; impairment of a significant portion of intangible assets and goodwill; increasing fees from payment networks; misappropriation of end-user transaction funds by our employees; frauds by customers, their customers or others; coverage of our insurance policies; the degree of effectiveness of our risk management policies and procedures in mitigating our risk exposure; the integration of a variety of operating systems, software, hardware, web browsers and networks in our services; the costs and effects of pending and future litigation; various claims such as wrongful hiring of an employee from a competitor, wrongful use of confidential information of third parties by our employees, consultants or independent contractors or wrongful use of trade secrets by our employees of their former employers; deterioration in the quality of the products and services offered; managing our growth effectively; challenges from seasonal fluctuations on our operating results; changes in accounting standards; estimates and assumptions in the application of accounting policies; risks associated with less than full control rights of some of our subsidiaries and investments; challenges related to our holding company structure; impacts of climate change; development of AI and its integration in our operations, as well as risks relating to intellectual property and technology, risks related to data security incidents, including cyber-attacks, computer viruses, or otherwise which may result in a disruption of services or liability exposure; challenges regarding regulatory compliance in the jurisdictions in which we operate, due to complex, conflicting and evolving local laws and regulations and legal proceedings and risks relating to our Subordinate Voting Shares. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Proposed transaction with Advent, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Our dividend policy is at the discretion of the Board. Any future determination to declare cash dividends on our securities will be made at the discretion of our Board, subject to applicable Canadian laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions (including covenants contained in our credit facilities), general business conditions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. Further, our ability to pay dividends, as well as make share repurchases, will be subject to applicable laws and contractual restrictions contained in the instruments governing our indebtedness, including our credit facility. Any of the foregoing may have the result of restricting future dividends or share repurchases.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
Contact:
Investors
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
(a)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, these expenses were $4.2 million and $14.5 million ($1.1 million and $19.6 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)	acquisition-related compensation was $0.6 million and $1.7  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and $0.7 million  and $2.8    million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)	change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)	severance and integration expenses, which were $0.2 million  and  $0.5  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 ($4.8 million and $9.5 million for three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(b)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $20.6 million and $50.4 million ($35.9 million and $71.4 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023), $4.1 million and $4.3 million for related payroll taxes ($0.4 million and $0.9 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023),
(c)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the six months ended June 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(a)	This line item relates to amortization expense taken on intangible assets created from the purchase price adjustment process on acquired companies and businesses and resulting from a change in control of the Company.
(b)	These expenses relate to:
(i)	professional, legal, consulting, accounting and other fees and expenses related to our acquisition and financing activities, including the expenses related to the Proposed transaction. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, these expenses were $4.2 million and $14.5  million ($1.1 million and $19.6 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These costs are presented in the professional fees line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(ii)   acquisition-related compensation was $0.6 million and $1.7  million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and $0.7 million and $2.8 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023. These costs are presented in the employee compensation line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iii)  change in deferred purchase consideration for previously acquired businesses.  No amount was recognized for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023. These amounts are presented in the contingent consideration adjustment line item of selling, general and administrative expenses.
(iv)  severance and integration expenses, which were $0.2 million and $0.5 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024 ($4.8 million and $9.5 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023). These expenses are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses and cost of revenue.
(c)	These expenses are recognized in connection with stock options and other awards issued under share-based plans as well as related payroll taxes that are directly attributable to share-based payments. For the three months and six months ended June 30, 2024, the expenses consisted of non-cash share-based payments of $20.6 million and $50.4 million ($35.9 million and $71.4 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023), $4.1 million and $4.3 million for related payroll taxes ($0.4 million and $0.9 million for the three months and six months ended June 30, 2023).
(d)	This primarily represents legal settlements and associated legal costs, as well as non-cash gains, losses and provisions and certain other costs. These costs are presented in selling, general and administrative expenses. For the three months ended June 30, 2024, the gain consisted mainly of a gain on business combination of $4.0 million.
(e)	This line item reflects income tax expense on taxable adjustments using the tax rate of the applicable jurisdiction.
(f)	The number of share-based awards used in the diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the Adjusted net income per diluted share calculation is determined using the treasury stock method as permitted under IFRS.
‍
[1] Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed to roll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the "Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregate approximately US$560 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing. Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to indirectly own or control approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the equity in the resulting private company. Percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are based on current assumed cash position and are subject to change as a result of cash generated before closing.
Nuvei agrees to acquire licensed Payment Institution in Brazil
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-agrees-to-acquire-licensed-payment-institution-in-brazil
Nuvei Corporation (Nasdaq: NVEI, TSX: NVEI) announces the acquisition of Pay2All, enhancing its payment capabilities in Brazil. This strategic move strengthens Nuvei's presence in the LATAM region and supports the growing iGaming and eCommerce markets.
Proposed acquisition represents significant milestone in global expansion strategy and further strengthens Nuvei's presence in LATAM
MONTREAL, August 5 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Pay2All Instituição de Pagamento Ltda. (“Pay2All”), a licensed Payment Institution authorized by the Central Bank of Brazil. This strategic milestone is expected to enhance Nuvei's capabilities in the Brazilian market and reinforces its commitment to the Latin American (LATAM) region.
The Payment Institution license will enable Nuvei to offer comprehensive payment services in Brazil as an Issuer of Electronic Currency. These include accepting payments, managing e-wallets and betting accounts, and participating in all of Brazil's local payment systems, including processing Pagamentos Instantâneos (“PIX”) transactions.
A Payment Institution license is required to provide transactional services for authorized operators in the newly regulated market of sports betting and online gaming, in accordance with Law No. 14.790/23. Brazil's iGaming market presents significant growth opportunities for Nuvei. Revenue in the Brazilian iGaming market is projected to reach US$1.97bn in 2024 and is predicted to show an annual growth rate (CAGR 2024-2029) of 15.39%, resulting in a
projected market volume of US$4.03bn by 2029
.
By securing a Payment Institution license, Nuvei will be well positioned as a payment partner of choice to the iGaming and broader eCommerce ecosystems in Brazil. The proposed transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including receipt of key regulatory approvals by the Central Bank of Brazil and local antitrust authorities.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: "Securing a Payment Institution license in Brazil has been a top priority, and will mark another significant milestone in our global expansion strategy. The proposed transaction not only strengthens our presence in LATAM but also demonstrates our commitment to providing fully localized and modern payment solutions to businesses in Brazil. We're excited to offer our full suite of services to help drive growth for the rapidly-growing eCommerce and iGaming operators in this dynamic market."
In 2024, Nuvei already signaled its commitment to growth in LATAM through its announcement that it was
the first global payments company to offer direct local acquiring in Colombia
. In addition to securing its impending Payment Institution license in Brazil, Nuvei is also currently implementing a local acquiring service in Mexico, leading to the fulfilment of processing requirements to become a direct acquirer under the Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores (CNBV). Further strategic expansion in LATAM is scheduled to follow.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit www.nuvei.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This Forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the obtaining of the Payment Institution license and the anticipated impacts thereof are forward-looking information. In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances. Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management and involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such Forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024.
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
‍
Nuvei to Release Second Quarter 2024 Results on August 6, 2024
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-to-release-second-quarter-2024-results-on-august-6-2024
Nuvei to Release Second Quarter 2024 Results on August 6, 2024
MONTREAL, July 24, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced it will release its second quarter 2024 results after market close on August 6, 2024.
On April 1, 2024, Nuvei announced that it entered into a definitive arrangement agreement to be taken private by Advent International, alongside existing Canadian shareholders Philip Fayer, Novacap, and CDPQ for US$34.00 per share via an all cash transaction, which values the Company at an enterprise value of approximately US$6.3 billion. In light of the announced transaction, Nuvei will not host a conference call or webcast to review the second quarter 2024 financial results.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
.
Nuvei Investor Contact:
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Nuvei introduces off-ramping of Digital Assets to cards via Mastercard Move in Europe
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-introduces-off-ramping-of-digital-assets-to-cards-via-mastercard-move-in-europe
Consumers are able to seamlessly convert assets such as cryptocurrencies into fiat funds
Consumers are able to seamlessly convert assets such as cryptocurrencies into fiat funds
MONTREAL and LONDON
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today a partnership with Mastercard to launch a new off-ramping solution that enables consumers in Europe to seamlessly convert their Digital Assets, including cryptocurrencies, into traditional fiat currency via debit, credit and prepaid cards. This new functionality provides a bridge between digital and traditional finance that can be spent via Mastercard's global network. This off-ramping solution is integrated directly into Nuvei's modular payment platform, delivering a simple, secure user experience.
The off-ramping process is designed to be rapid and user-friendly. Consumers can seamlessly convert a wide range of supported Digital Assets into fiat currency. They can then transfer the funds to their eligible Mastercard in near real-time*, leveraging Mastercard Move’s money movement capabilities. No longer requiring third-party exchanges or money service businesses, this integrated solution simplifies transforming digital value into global spending circulation.
“We're excited to collaborate with Mastercard to accommodate access liquidity and payments for Digital Asset holders,” commented Philip Fayer, Chair and CEO of Nuvei. “Our mission is to enable businesses and their customers to connect through payments, wherever consumers are and however they want to pay. Offering crypto off-ramps through our single integration aligns perfectly with this mission to facilitate frictionless transactions across the digital economy.”
“Enabling choice how consumers can engage in Digital Assets in a safe, simple and secure manner in line with all relevant regulation is at the heart of our strategy in this space” added Christian Rau, Senior Vice President, Fintech and Crypto Enablement, Mastercard Europe. “Combining our global network of partners and digital solutions with Nuvei's advanced integration opens new opportunities and choice for businesses engaging in digital assets and consumers alike.”
Nuvei's off-ramp solution with Mastercard is the latest example of its strategy to connect the worlds of traditional payments, open banking and blockchain technology into one seamless experience.
*Actual posting times for approved transactions will depend on the receiving financial institution
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Nuvei secures Retail Services Category II License from the Central Bank of the UAE
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-secures-retail-services-category-ii-license-from-the-central-bank-of-the-uae
Extends Nuvei’s local acquiring footprint into MENA and reaffirms overall commitment to the thriving region
Extends Nuvei’s local acquiring footprint into MENA and reaffirms overall commitment to the thriving region
MONTREAL, June25 2024
– Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" orthe "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announced that it has secured an in-principle approval for a Retail Services Category II License from the Central Bank of the UAE, representing an important strategic expansion into the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and fortifying its global presence and commitment to the Middle East and North Africa (MENA) region.
The UAE is a crucial market for Nuvei's global customers due to its rapidly growing eCommerce sector, which is projected to surpass $10 billion in revenue by 2029 with an annual growth rate (CAGR 2024-2029) of approximately 9%
[1]
.
The Retail Services Category II License enables Nuvei to offer its comprehensive suite of payments technology to businesses operating in the thriving UAE market, including direct local acquiring, payment aggregation services, and domestic and cross-border fund transfers. Through direct local acquiring, Nuvei gains greater control over the payment life cycle, ensuring further optimized payment acceptance rates and lower processing costs for its customers.
Nuvei already has a strong commercial presence and existing high-profile partnerships in the region. This expansion across the MENA region reaffirms Nuvei's commitment to supporting its customers' growth both locally and internationally.
Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO, commented on the announcement: “Our mission is to connect our customers to their customers more deeply through payments, wherever those customers are and however they want to pay. Expanding our global licenses portfolio has been a key focus in this regard, and we can now offer the full power of our payment platform to support the growth aspirations of businesses operating in the UAE.”
Fayer added: “We extend our gratitude to the Central Bank of the UAE for its in-principle approval of our Retail Payment Services License and facilitating this opportunity. We’re thrilled to be on the cusp of launching our best-in-class services, including direct local acquiring, in such a fast-growing digital eCommerce market.”
This announcement is the latest from Nuvei as it continues to strengthen its global reach, including extending its local acquiring capabilities in more than 50 countries.In 2024 Nuvei has already announced that it had secured a Major Payment Institution (MPI) license from the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and that it is the first global payments company to offer local direct acquiring in Colombia.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq:NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services.Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
[1]
https://www.statista.com/outlook/emo/ecommerce/united-arab-emirates
‍
Nuvei Obtains Final Court Approval For Going Private Transaction With Advent
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-obtains-final-court-approval-for-going-private-transaction-with-advent
Nuvei Corporation announces final court approval for its going private transaction with Advent International. Shareholder and regulatory approvals are in progress, with completion expected by early 2025.
MONTREAL, June 20, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announced today that the Company has obtained a final order from the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) approving the previously-announced plan of arrangement under section 192 of the Canada Business Corporations Act (the "Arrangement") involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc., a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International, L.P. This final court approval follows the shareholder approval that was obtained at the special meeting of Nuvei’s shareholders held on Tuesday, June 18, 2024.
The Arrangement remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain other closing conditions customary in a transaction of this nature, including the receipt of key regulatory approvals. Assuming that these remaining conditions to closing are satisfied, the Arrangement is expected to be completed in late 2024 or in the first quarter of 2025.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024, mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the Arrangement, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the Arrangement are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024, and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the Arrangement, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Arrangement, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the Arrangement, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Arrangement or to complete the Arrangement, may result in the Arrangement not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the Arrangement is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the Arrangement and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the Arrangement could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
‍
Nuvei Obtains Shareholder Approval for Going Private Transaction With Advent
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-obtains-shareholder-approval-for-going-private-transaction-with-advent
Nuvei shareholders approve going private with Advent International. Completion expected by early 2025.
Montréal, June 18, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI)(TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, is pleased to announce that, at the special meeting (the “Meeting”) of the Company’s shareholders (the “Shareholders”) held on June 18, 2024, Shareholders approved the special resolution (the “Arrangement Resolution”) approving the previously-announced plan of arrangement under section 192 of the Canada Business Corporations Act (the "Arrangement") involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International, L.P. Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all of the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares ("Subordinate Voting Shares") and multiple voting shares ("Multiple Voting Shares" and collectively with the Subordinate Voting Shares, the "Shares") of the Company. The Shares that are not held by Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, "Novacap") and Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec ("CDPQ" and, collectively with Philip Fayer and Novacap and the entities they control directly or indirectly, the "Rollover Shareholders") will be acquired for a price of US$34.00 in cash per Share.
Each of the Rollover Shareholders has agreed to sell all of their Shares to the Purchaser in exchange for consideration consisting of a combination of cash and shares in the capital of the Purchaser or an affiliate thereof. Following completion of the Arrangement, Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to hold or exercise control or direction over, directly or indirectly, approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the common equity in the resulting private company.
Further details regarding the Arrangement are provided in the management information circular of the Company dated May 13, 2024 (the "Circular") mailed to Nuvei shareholders in connection with the Arrangement, a copy of which is available under the Company's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
The Arrangement Resolution was adopted on a vote by way of ballot by (i) at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares and Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting, voting together as a single class (with each Subordinate Voting Share being entitled to one vote and each Multiple Voting Share being entitled to ten votes); (ii) not less than a simple majority (more than 50%) of the votes cast by the holders of Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting; (iii) not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting; and (iv) not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Subordinate Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting (excluding the Subordinate Voting Shares held by the Rollover Shareholders and the persons required to be excluded pursuant to Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (“MI 61-101”)). In its interim order dated May 13, 2024, the Superior Court of Québec (Commercial Division) (the “Court”) declared that the vote of not less than a simple majority of the votes cast by the holders of Multiple Voting Shares virtually present or represented by proxy at the Meeting (excluding the Multiple Voting Shares held by the Rollover Shareholders and the persons required to be excluded pursuant to MI 61-101), which is required under MI 61-101, was satisfied as there are no holders of Multiple Voting Shares eligible to cast a vote thereunder, as all holders of Multiple Voting Shares are “interested parties” within the meaning of MI 61-101 and must be excluded from such vote.
Based on proxies and ballots received at the Meeting, votes were cast as follows:
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares and Multiple Voting Shares, voting together as a single class
Percentages of Votes For
: 99.24%
Percentages of Votes Against:
0.76%
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares
Percentages of Votes For:
86.08%
Percentages of Votes Against:
13.92%
‍
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Multiple Voting Shares
Percentages of Votes For:
100%
Percentages of Votes Against:
0%
‍
Category of Voting:
Holders of Subordinate Voting Shares, excluding the Rollover Shareholders and those required to be excluded under MI 61-101
Percentages of Votes For:
86.04%
Percentages of Votes Against:
13.96%
The Arrangement remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain other closing conditions customary in a transaction of this nature, including the receipt of a final order from the Court approving the Arrangement (the “Final Order”) and certain regulatory approvals. The hearing in respect of the Final Order is scheduled to take place on June 20, 2024. Assuming that these remaining conditions to closing are satisfied, the Arrangement is expected to be completed in late 2024 or the first quarter of 2025.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's management's discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
ViaPlus and Nuvei partner to offer enhanced payments experience for mobility services
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
viaplus-and-nuvei-partner-to-offer-enhanced-payments-experience-for-mobility-services
ViaPlus partners with Nuvei to offer 700+ new payment types in 150+ currencies, enhancing the payments experience for mobility services in Brazil, Peru, Colombia, and more.
Combined benefits of the ViaPlus mobility back office alongside Nuvei’s global acquiring reach and extensive APM connectivity
700+ new types of payments in 150+ currencies available to consumers using ViaPlus systems
New local solutions in countries served by VINCI Highways: Brazil, Peru and Colombia
Enhanced flexibility for both end-users and transportation agencies
CARROLLTON, TX and MONTREAL, June 11 2024 –
ViaPlus, a subsidiary of VINCI Highways, and Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announce a partnership to deliver an enhanced payment experience for consumers when purchasing mobility services.
The partnership will integrate ViaPlus’ mobility back office, which processes and financially reconciles large volumes of transactions, with Nuvei’s global acquiring and processing reach and capacity to manage a wide variety of digital applications through extensive Alternative Payment Methods (APM) integrations.
ViaPlus’ single, seamless integration to Nuvei’s payment technology platform introduces over 700 new payment types to the ViaPlus system to form a new digital payment network called ViaPlus Nexus™. ViaPlus consumers will be able to pay for mobility services with new methods including standard digital options like Apple Pay, as well as popular local choices in countries served by the VINCI Highways network: Brazil’s Pix, Peru’s Pago Efectivo, and Colombia’s Nequi. ViaPlus will also include China’s Alipay, one of the world’s most popular digital wallets.
Further benefits include broader accessibility for customers who choose to pay cash via Nuvei’s retail payment network, and the general convenience of increased paperless payments.
Richard Arce, president and CEO of ViaPlus, states: “This initiative reflects the commitment of ViaPlus and VINCI Highways to enhancing the driver experience with secure and efficient payment methods for the global mobility ecosystem.”
Philip Fayer, Nuvei Chair and CEO, added: “We’re thrilled to partner with ViaPlus. Our mission is to enable businesses to connect with their customers more deeply, and this partnership is another great example of the power of payments technology to do this. Enabling consumers to pay wherever they are, whenever they want to, and whichever payment methods they prefer is critical to the modern digital experience.”
About ViaPlus
ViaPlus is a global mobility company in the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) market, specializing in revenue and services management solutions for the transportation industry. Our customer operations, data analytics, and full-featured, single-account back-office technology facilitate the high-volume transactions required for seamless multimodal mobility. As a VINCI Highways subsidiary, we are committed to technical innovation and to promoting a positive mobility experience for all.
www.ViaPlus.com
Contact:
Nicole Busse
NBusse@viaplus.com
About VINCI Highways
VINCI Highways, a VINCI Concessions subsidiary, is a leader in road concessions, operations and mobility services. We design, finance, build and operate highways, bridges, tunnels, urban roads and mobility services on a +3,000 km network in 14 countries. VINCI Highways leverages its expertise to deliver the highest performance and safety standards and provide drivers with  a positive experience.
More information:
https://www.vinci-concessions.com/en/vinci-highways
https://www.linkedin.com/company/vinci-highways/
@VINCIConcess
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Second Leading Independent Proxy Advisor Glass, Lewis & Co. Recommends Nuvei Shareholders Vote “FOR” Arrangement
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
second-leading-independent-proxy-advisor-glass-lewis-co-recommends-nuvei-shareholders-vote-for-arrangement
Glass Lewis advises Nuvei shareholders to vote FOR the Arrangement with Advent International. Vote by June 14, 2024.
‍
Shareholders are encouraged to vote "FOR" the specialresolution approving the Arrangement in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00a.m. (Eastern time) deadline
For more information, go to
www.NuveiPOA.com
MONTREAL, June 11 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), today announced that proxy advisory firm Glass, Lewis & Co. (“Glass Lewis”) has recommended that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the previously announced statutory plan of arrangement (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International ("Advent"), pursuant to the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act. Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (“Subordinate Voting Shares”) and multiple voting shares (“Multiple Voting Shares”) of the Company (collectively, the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares  for a price of US$34.00 cash per Share. The special meeting of shareholders (the “Meeting”) to approve the Arrangement will be held on June 18, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), in a virtual format at the following link:
https://web.lumiagm.com/432819058
.
Glass Lewis is the second leading independent proxy advisory firm to recommend shareholders vote “FOR” the Arrangement, following the previously announced
recommendation from Institutional Shareholder Services
(“ISS”).
Board Recommends Shareholders Vote FOR the Arrangement
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has unanimously concluded (with interested directors abstaining from voting) that the Arrangement is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and recommends that shareholders vote FOR the special resolution approving the Arrangement (the “Arrangement Resolution”). This recommendation followed the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the Board which is comprised solely of independent directors and was formed in connection with the transaction.
The Company's management proxy circular and the Schedule 13E-3 required pursuant to the Rules under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at www.sedarplus.ca and on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.
Vote Today FOR the Arrangement Resolution
Your vote is important regardless of the number of Shares you own.
If you are unable to be virtually present at the Meeting, we encourage you to submit your proxy or voting instruction form, so that your Shares can be voted at the Meeting in accordance with your instructions. To be counted at the Meeting, votes must be received by Nuvei’s transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, no later than 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on June 14, 2024, or, if the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays and holidays) prior to the commencement of the reconvened Meeting.
Shareholder Questions and Assistance
If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for voting, please contact our strategic advisor, Kingsdale Advisors by telephone at 1 (888) 327-0819 (toll-free in North America) or at (416) 623-4173 (outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. For more information, please visit www.NuveiPOA.com.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Mr. Philip Fayer, Novacap, CDPQ or Advent are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s management’s discussion and analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
‍
[1] Philip Fayer, certaininvestment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively,"Novacap") and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly orindirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed toroll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the"Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregateapproximately US$563 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing(percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are subject to change as aresult of cash generated before closing).
Nuvei Files an Amendment to Schedule 13E-3
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-files-an-amendment-to-schedule-13e-3
Nuvei Corporation has filed a second amendment to its Rule 13e-3 transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 with the SEC, maintaining the terms of its going private transaction with Advent International. Shareholders are encouraged to vote before June 14, 2024.
MONTREAL, June 7 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), announced today that it has filed a second amendment to its previously filed Rule 13e-3 transaction statement on Schedule 13E-3 (the "Schedule 13E-3") originally filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on May 14, 2024, as supplemented by an amendment previously filed by the Company with the SEC on June 4, 2024. Both amendments to the Schedule 13E-3 are available without charge on Nuvei's profile on EDGAR at www.sec.gov, and on its SEDAR+ profile at www.sedarplus.ca.
No changes have been made to the terms or conditions of the previously announced going private transaction with Advent International (the “Transaction”), or the date of the special meeting of shareholders of Nuvei called to approve the Transaction. Shareholders are encouraged to vote “FOR” the special resolution approving the Transaction in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) deadline.
No Offer of Solicitation
This announcement is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to sell Subordinate Voting Shares of Nuvei.
The full details of the Transaction are described in the management information circular (including the related letter of transmittal and all other offer documents filed by Nuvei with the SEC), which is available without charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov or on Nuvei's investor relations website at investors.nuvei.com. Offer documents required to be filed in Canada are also available without charge at www.sedarplus.ca. INVESTORS AND SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY THE SCHEDULE 13E-3 AND OTHER MATERIALS FILED WITH THE SEC, AS THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE CORPORATION, THE TRANSACTION, AND RELATED MATTERS.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction, are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under "Risk Factors" of the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the arrangement agreement entered into in connection with the Transaction which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
Nuvei partners with Visa to offer Visa Direct in Colombia
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-partners-with-visa-to-offer-visa-direct-in-colombia
Nuvei Corporation teams up with Visa to offer Visa Direct in Colombia, enabling instant, secure payouts to financial accounts.
Nuvei is the first global payments provider to offer Visa Direct to its customers in the country.
MONTREAL, June 3 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, today announces that it has partnered with Visa, a world leader in digital payments, to offer Visa Direct in Colombia. Nuvei is the first global payments provider to offer Visa Direct to its customers in the country.
Visa Direct is a VisaNet processing capability that allows safe, convenient, near real-time funds delivery directly to financial accounts using card credentials. Visa Direct clients use the capability to enable use cases such as person-to-person (P2P) payments, funds disbursements, bill pay, or cross border remittances directly to an eligible debit or prepaid card.
Visa Direct is available to Colombian merchants directly through their existing single integration to Nuvei's full stack modular payments technology platform. With Visa Direct, Nuvei merchants are able to provide instant payout capabilities to their customers, with transactions routed and processed in near real-time.
Instant payouts to cards enable businesses to offer a faster, secure, and seamless payment experience for customers across virtually any industry that is reliant on payouts.
“Offering instant payouts through Visa Direct supports our strategy of providing best-in-class payment solutions tailored to the needs of each market we serve,” commented Philip Fayer, Nuvei's Chair and CEO. “Colombia is one of the fastest-growing eCommerce markets in Latin America, and we're proud to deliver innovative ways for our customers to optimize their payment flows, enhance user experiences, and operate with maximum efficiency."
Partnering with Visa to offer Visa Direct continues Nuvei's first-mover advantage in rolling out industry-leading payments solutions in Colombia. Nuvei recently announced that it was
the first global payments provider to offer direct local acquiring
in the country, enabling online businesses to accept card payments from their customers without relying on intermediaries or third-party payment processors.
Visa Direct is already available to Nuvei's partner merchants in over 30 countries in Europe including the UK, as well as the U.S. and Canada in North America and Hong Kong and Singapore in APAC. Enabling Visa Direct access to businesses in Colombia is the latest extension of the global strategic partnership between Nuvei and Visa.
“Our collaboration with Nuvei is already enabling businesses in North America and Europe to harness the benefits of faster, safer, digital payouts to cards. We’re excited to be extending this partnership to Colombia so that even more merchants can offer an industry leading payments experience to their customers”, commented Humberto Guihur, Product and Innovation VP for Visa Andean Region.
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
NVEI-IR
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Leading Proxy Advisor ISS Recommends Nuvei Shareholders Vote “FOR” Arrangement
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
leading-proxy-advisor-iss-recommends-nuvei-shareholders-vote-for-arrangement
Leading proxy advisor ISS recommends Nuvei shareholders vote "FOR" the special resolution approving the Arrangement by June 14, 2024.
Nuvei Shareholders Urged to Vote "FOR" Arrangement: ISS Endorsement
Shareholders are encouraged to vote “FOR” the special resolution approving the Arrangement in advance of the June 14, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) deadline
For more information go to
www.NuveiPOA.com
MONTREAL, May 29, 2024 –
Nuvei Corporation ("Nuvei" or the "Company") (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), today announced that proxy advisory firm Institutional Shareholder Services (“ISS”) has recommended that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the previously announced statutory plan of arrangement (the “Arrangement”) involving the Company and Neon Maple Purchaser Inc. (the “Purchaser”), a newly-formed entity controlled by Advent International ("Advent"), pursuant to the provisions of the Canada Business Corporations Act.  Pursuant to the Arrangement, the Purchaser will acquire all the issued and outstanding subordinate voting shares (“Subordinate Voting Shares”) and multiple voting shares (“Multiple Voting Shares”) of the Company (collectively, the “Shares”) that are not Rollover Shares  for a price of US$34.00 cash per Share.  The special meeting of shareholders (the “Meeting”) to approve the Arrangement will be held on June 18, 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), in a virtual format at the following link:
https://web.lumiagm.com/432819058
.
In making its recommendation that Nuvei shareholders vote FOR the Arrangement, ISS stated:
“[T]he offer represents a meaningful premium to the unaffected price, the sale process (and valuation) appears reasonable in the circumstances, and there are downside risks of non-approval. As such, support for the proposal is warranted.”
“At present, while the company remains a growing business with some promise, there is little available evidence that management will be able to restore the company's share price to levels seen two or three years ago in short order. Given the size of the premium and share price outperformance since the unaffected date, shareholders should probably not anticipate a sustained soft landing if the deal is rejected. On balance, in light of the foregoing considerations, shareholder support is warranted.”
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has unanimously concluded (with interested directors abstaining from voting) that the Arrangement is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders and recommends that shareholders vote FOR the special resolution approving the Arrangement. This recommendation follows the unanimous recommendation of a special committee of the Board which is comprised solely of independent directors and was formed in connection with the transaction (the "Special Committee").
The Company’s management proxy circular and the Schedule 13E-3 required pursuant to the Rules under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available under Nuvei's profile on SEDAR+ at
www.sedarplus.ca
and on EDGAR at
www.sec.gov
.
Vote Today FOR the Special Resolution Approving the Arrangement
Your vote is important regardless of the number of Shares you own.
If you are unable to be virtually present at the Meeting, we encourage you to submit your proxy or voting instruction form, so that your Shares can be voted at the Meeting in accordance with your instructions. To be counted at the Meeting, votes must be received by Nuvei’s transfer agent, TSX Trust Company, no later than 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time) on June 14, 2024, or, if the Meeting is adjourned or postponed, at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays and holidays) prior to the commencement of the reconvened Meeting.
Shareholder Questions and Assistance
If you have any questions or require more information with respect to the procedures for voting, please contact our strategic advisor, Kingsdale Advisors, by telephone at 1 (888) 327-0819 (toll-free in North America) or at (416) 623-4173 (outside of North America), or by email at contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com. For more information, please visit
www.NuveiPOA.com
.
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei's modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
Forward-Looking Information
This press release contains "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" (collectively, "Forward-looking information") within the meaning of applicable securities laws. This forward-looking information is identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "may", "would", "should", "could", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "plan", "foresee", "believe", or "continue", the negative of these terms and similar terminology, including references to assumptions, although not all forward-looking information contains these terms and phrases. Particularly, statements regarding the proposed transaction, including the proposed timing and various steps contemplated in respect of the transaction and statements regarding the plans, objectives, and intentions of Mr. Philip Fayer, Novacap, CDPQ or Advent are forward-looking information.
In addition, any statements that refer to expectations, intentions, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances contain forward-looking information. Statements containing forward-looking information are not historical facts but instead represent management's expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events or circumstances.
Forward-looking information is based on management's beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management, and although the forward-looking information contained herein is based upon what we believe are reasonable assumptions, investors are cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information since actual results may vary from the forward-looking information.
Forward-looking information involves known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those that are disclosed in or implied by such forward-looking information. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described in greater detail under "Risk Factors" of the Company's annual information form filed on March 5, 2024 and under “Risk Factors” of the Company’s management’s discussion & analysis for the three months ended March 31, 2024. These risks and uncertainties further include (but are not limited to) as concerns the transaction, the failure of the parties to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals or to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction, failure of the parties to obtain such approvals or satisfy such conditions in a timely manner, significant transaction costs or unknown liabilities, failure to realize the expected benefits of the transaction, and general economic conditions. Failure to obtain the necessary shareholder, regulatory and court approvals, or the failure of the parties to otherwise satisfy the conditions to the completion of the transaction or to complete the transaction, may result in the transaction not being completed on the proposed terms, or at all. In addition, if the transaction is not completed, and the Company continues as a publicly-traded entity, there are risks that the announcement of the proposed transaction and the dedication of substantial resources of the Company to the completion of the transaction could have an impact on its business and strategic relationships (including with future and prospective employees, customers, suppliers and partners), operating results and activities in general, and could have a material adverse effect on its current and future operations, financial condition and prospects. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a termination fee pursuant to the terms of the Arrangement Agreement which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position and results of operations and its ability to fund growth prospects and current operations.
Consequently, all of the forward-looking information contained herein is qualified by the foregoing cautionary statements, and there can be no guarantee that the results or developments that we anticipate will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequences or effects on our business, financial condition or results of operation. Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise indicates, the forward-looking information contained herein represents our expectations as of the date hereof or as of the date it is otherwise stated to be made, as applicable, and is subject to change after such date. However, we disclaim any intention or obligation or undertaking to update or amend such forward-looking information whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
For further information, please contact:
Investors
Kingsdale Advisors
contactus@kingsdaleadvisors.com
Chris Mammone, Head of Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
Media
Joel Shaffer
FGS Longview
Joel.shaffer@fgslongview.com
NVEI-IR
----------------------------------
Philip Fayer, certain investment funds managed by Novacap Management Inc. (collectively, "Novacap")  and CDPQ (together with entities they control directly or indirectly, collectively, the "Rollover Shareholders") have agreed to roll approximately 95%, 65% and 75%, respectively, of their Shares (the "Rollover Shares") and are expected to receive in aggregate approximately US$563 million in cash for the Shares sold on closing (percentages and amount of expected cash proceeds are based on current assumed cash position and are subject to change as a result of cash generated before closing). Philip Fayer, Novacap and CDPQ are expected to indirectly own or control approximately 24%, 18% and 12%, respectively, of the equity in the resulting private company.
‍
Nuvei expands leadership to accelerate growth with appointment of Gang Wang as its Chief Technology Officer
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
nuvei-expands-leadership-to-accelerate-growth-with-appointment-of-gang-wang-as-its-chief-technology-officer
Nuvei announces the strategic appointment of Gang Wang as its new Chief Technology Officer alongside Max Attias as Chief Information Officer. This move aims to accelerate Nuvei’s technology-driven growth and innovation. Discover how Wang’s extensive experience in payments and software will enhance Nuvei’s technology offerings and global market reach
MONTREAL, May 23 2024
– Nuvei Corporation (“Nuvei” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI), the Canadian fintech company, announces today the appointment of Gang Wang as Chief Technology Officer, reporting to Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. Wang will lead Nuvei’s global technology team together with former CTO Max Attias, who has been appointed to the new role of Chief Information Officer.
The teams under Wang’s and Attias’ leadership will partner to further scale Nuvei’s technology offering and build a strong foundation for future growth. This organizational structure will enable Nuvei to accelerate innovation across all areas of technology with dedicated focus and strategic alignment, while still maintaining the best-in-class service delivery that customers and partners are accustomed to receiving today.
Wang is a proven groundbreaker and leader with deep knowledge of the payments and software sectors, the intersection of which is increasingly critical for the industry. He will spearhead Nuvei’s technology strategy, including research and architecture.
He brings over 25 years of experience leading technology teams at the cutting edge of innovation for large organizations, including a decade developing leading architecture and systems for software giant Intuit. Before joining Nuvei, Wang spent the past four years at Stripe, where he occupied a number of senior-level technology roles including Head of Financial Data and, most recently, Head of Payment Methods.
Wang commented on the announcement: “I’m incredibly excited to be joining such a disruptive industry leader at a key point in its growth journey. There is already a strong spirit for rapid innovation permeating throughout the business, and I am looking forward to leveraging my experience to capitalize on this momentum, advancing our technology strategy, and keeping Nuvei at the forefront as the payments industry evolves.”
Attias added: “Adding Gang’s technological expertise and leadership acumen to the Nuvei team is a game-changing moment. I am looking forward to working together as we grow our technology capabilities and organization in line with our vision for the future of payments.”
“We’re thrilled to be welcoming Gang to the Nuvei team,” commented Nuvei Chair and CEO Philip Fayer. “Bringing in a leader with Gang’s credentials strengthens our executive team and will undoubtedly enable the broader technology team to thrive as we address the complexities of our industry with even more dedicated focus.”
Fayer continued: “Under Max’s leadership, our total payments volume grew nearly 5x from 2020 to 2023.  With Max and Gang, we now have two world class operators poised to take Nuvei's technology capabilities to new heights and further accelerate our global revenue growth during the next phase of our journey. We are also creating a more effective and efficient structure for our team members.”
‍
About Nuvei
Nuvei (Nasdaq: NVEI) (TSX: NVEI) is the Canadian fintech company accelerating the business of clients around the world. Nuvei’s modular, flexible and scalable technology allows leading companies to accept next-gen payments, offer all payout options and benefit from card issuing, banking, risk and fraud management services. Connecting businesses to their customers in more than 200 markets, with local acquiring in 50 markets, 150 currencies and 700 alternative payment methods, Nuvei provides the technology and insights for customers and partners to succeed locally and globally with one integration.
For more information, visit
www.nuvei.com
NVEI-IR
Contact:
Public Relations
alex.hammond@nuvei.com
Investor Relations
IR@nuvei.com
‍
Next
Interviews & webinars
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
interviews-and-webinars
Expert talks & educational sessions
Blog
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
blog
Insights & updates from our experts
Merchant resources
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
merchant-resources
Guides & tips for merchants
Case studies
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/post-categories/
case-studies
Our success stories & achievements
Top 5 things ERP VARs should know about accepting payments
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
top-5-things-erp-vars-should-know-about-accepting-payments
Unlock new revenue streams and improve client retention with integrated payment solutions. Learn how ERP VARs can enhance efficiency and financial control for clients with seamless B2B payments.
Payment orchestration webinar: The future of payment strategy
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payment-orchestration-webinar-the-future-of-payment-strategy
Discover how payment orchestration can optimize revenue, reduce costs, and support global growth. Learn from Nuvei, Edgard & Co., and industry experts in our exclusive webinar. Find out how smart routing and multi-provider models drive payment efficiency.
Accelerating revenue: Mastering payments data with Formula One precision
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
accelerating-revenue-mastering-payments-data-with-formula-one-precision
Discover how to optimize payment data for revenue growth with insights from Nuvei, Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS, and Accenture. Learn data-driven strategies for payment optimization inspired by Formula One precision.
Payments industry forecast: 2025 trends
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payments-industry-forecast-2025-trends
We surveyed our community of payment professionals to uncover the trends, challenges, and innovations shaping the landscape for the payments industry. Check it out now!
Payment trends 2025: Transforming innovation into revenue growth
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
payment-trends-2025
Driving ISV growth with partner-first payment solutions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
driving-isv-growth-with-partner-first-payment-solutions
Gigi Beyene, SVP Integrated Payments at Nuvei, discusses how a tech-forward, partner-first approach helps ISVs overcome integration challenges and expand into new markets.
The opportunities and challenges associated with payment orchestration
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
the-opportunities-and-challenges-associated-with-payment-orchestration
Jasper Goeman, VP Sales EMEA at Nuvei, discusses how payment orchestration platforms enable global expansion, enhance customer experience, and mitigate fraud.
Processing Partners banks on customer success to drive six million transactions annually
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
processing-partners-banks-on-customer-success-to-drive-six-million-transactions-annually
See how Processing Partners leverages Nuvei's payment solutions to process $250M annually, maintaining 15+ year customer relationships through reliable pricing and service.
Can real-time payments play in Australia — or are payments already fast enough?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
can-real-time-payments-play-in-australia----or-are-payments-already-fast-enough
Juan Franco, SVP eCommerce APAC at Nuvei examines whether Australia's existing payment systems meet consumer needs or if real-time payments can offer further enhancements.
B2B companies embrace invoice financing to drive business continuity
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
b2b-companies-embrace-invoice-financing-to-drive-business-continuity
Ben Weiner, SVP B2B Payments at Nuvei discusses how invoice financing solutions enhance cash flow and support growth for B2B suppliers.
Why innovating B2B payments at scale means targeting workflow frictions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
why-innovating-b2b-payments-at-scale-means-targeting-workflow-frictions
Ben Weiner, SVP B2B Payments at Nuvei discusses how automating accounts receivable and optimizing workflows can enhance efficiency in B2B payments.
Consumer choice pushes the issue for Alternative Payment Methods
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
consumer-choice-pushes-the-issue-for-alternative-payment-methods
Consumers seek fast, secure, and flexible payment options, boosting the adoption of digital wallets and BNPL services.
Data and updated technology lead must-have list for omnichannel payments
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
data-and-updated-technology-lead-must-havellist-for-omnichannel-payments
Omri Dubovi, SVP Product at Nuvei, discusses how real-time data and updated technology are crucial for seamless omnichannel payment solutions.
Why new use cases like Pay by Bank will fast-track FedNow
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
why-new-use-cases-like-pay-by-bank-will-fast-track-fednow
Keith Olson, VP ACH and Online Banking at Nuvei, discusses FedNow’s progress with 900+ banks onboarded and explores challenges and future use cases for instant payments.
Embedded finance beckons as Independent Software Vendors evolve
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
embedded-finance-beckons-as-independent-software-vendors-evolve
ISVs are driving growth with embedded payments. Nuvei’s Gigi Beyene discusses how integrating seamless payment solutions boosts revenue and client loyalty.
Faster settlement solutions: Empowering businesses with immediate liquidity
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
faster-settlement-solutions-empowering-businesses-with-immediate-liquidity
Discover how Nuvei’s faster settlement solutions eliminate cash flow delays, offering businesses quick access to funds for vendor payments and liquidity management, with full control over cash flow.
90% of payments happen in an hour or less with Solutions by Text
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
90-of-payments-happen-in-an-hour-or-less-with-solutions-by-text
Discover how Solutions by Text partnered with Nuvei to enable SMS payment processing, achieving 90% payment completion in under an hour through secure tokenization.
Customer centricity and partnerships yield 25% year-over-year growth for PandaPay with Nuvei
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
customer-centricity-and-partnerships-yield-25-year-over-year-growth-for-pandapay-with-nuvei
Learn how PandaPay's collaboration with Nuvei drove 25% year-over-year growth by delivering innovative payment solutions and streamlined onboarding for SMBs in Canada.
Revolv3 boosts approvals for merchants by up to 14% with Nuvei
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
revolv3-boosts-approvals-for-merchants-by-up-to-14-with-nuvei
Discover how Revolv3's partnership with Nuvei optimized subscription billing, increased payment approval rates by 14%, and enhanced global payment processing capabilities.
Navigating Visa’s new VAMP program
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
navigating-visas-new-vamp-program
How does merchant payment processing work?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-does-merchant-payment-processing-work
Discover how merchant payment processing works from transactions to approvals, and explore the key players and systems behind efficient payment handling.
How to accept payments online for your business
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-to-accept-payments-online-for-your-business
Learn how to accept payments online for your business with this in-depth guide from Nuvei. Explore methods, tools, and tips to streamline transactions grow revenue.
What is a secure payment system? Understanding safety in transactions
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
what-is-a-secure-payment-system
A secure payment system protects customer data and prevents fraud using advanced tech, robust infrastructure, and strict policies.
What are cross-border payments? How do they work?
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
what-are-cross-border-payments
Cross-border payments transfer money between countries in different currencies via cards, digital wallets, or bank transfers.
Elite Card Processing builds business and success with 95% customer retention rate
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
elite-card-processing-builds-business-and-success-with-95-customer-retention-rate
Learn how Elite Card Processing partnered with Nuvei to deliver innovative payment solutions, achieving 95% customer retention and 90% faster issue resolution times.
Make the Impact triples year-over-year revenue with world-class payments and outstanding customer service
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
make-the-impact-triples-year-over-year-revenue-with-world-class-payments-and-outstanding-customer-service
Discover how Make the Impact achieved 99% customer retention and 3X revenue growth by partnering with Nuvei for streamlined payment processing and exceptional customer service
False declines:  A $308 billion problem that demands strategic risk management
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
false-declines-a-308-billion-problem-that-demands-strategic-risk-management
Explore how eCommerce businesses can address false declines costing them $308B annually. Learn strategic risk management to optimize payments and retain customers.
Breaking barriers:  How Merchant of Record solutions simplify global expansion for subscription platforms
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
how-merchant-of-record-solutions-simplify-global-expansion-for-subscription-platforms
Discover how merchant of record, local acquiring, and tailored payment strategies empower subscription platforms to navigate compliance, boost conversions, and scale globally.
From Black Friday to New Year: A guide for record-breaking sales during peak season
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
from-black-friday-to-new-year-a-guide-for-record-breaking-sales-during-peak-season
Discover expert payment solutions to boost eCommerce sales from Black Friday through winter holidays. Learn how to manage high volumes, prevent fraud and false declines, optimize authorizations, and meet diverse customer payment preferences.
Essential guide to payment tokenization: benefits and best practices
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/posts/
essential-guide-to-payment-tokenization-benefits-and-best-practices
Payment tokenization secures transactions by replacing sensitive data, like credit card numbers, with a unique "token" that holds no actual payment information.
Next
Anti-modern slavery reporting (UK)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/service-pages/
anti-modern-slavery-reporting-uk
Nuvei Corporation's 2023 statement on compliance with the U.K. Modern Slavery Act
Anti-modern slavery reporting (Canada)
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/service-pages/
anti-modern-slavery-reporting-canada
Nuvei's Supply Chain Transparency Report in compliance with the Fighting Against Forced Labour and Child Labour in Supply Chains Act
Licences and Certifications
|
Nuvei
nuvei.com/legal/
licences-and-certifications
Explore Nuvei's official legal licences and certifications. Get comprehensive details on our compliance, accreditation, and industry standards to ensure safe and secure transactions.
No results match your search criteria.
Please try modifying your search.
404: Lost in Transaction
Oops! Looks like there’s been a detour in your payment journey. Hang tight while we clear a path for you!
Select a menu option or
click here
to visit the homepage.
Help Us Deliver a Better Experience
We use cookies and similar technologies to make our site work better for you. Select 'Accept All' to get the full experience, or 'Customize' to choose what data you allow us to use. We handle your personal information in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy
. You can change your preferences anytime.
Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Accept All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Back Button
Performance Cookies
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 10
https://www.esigngenie.com/privacy-policy/:
Foxit Software Inc. Privacy Policy
REV. Date: January 8, 2025
Your right to privacy and control over your personal information is very important to everyone at Foxit Software. To ensure that you understand how Foxit collects and uses personal data, please note the information below.
This Privacy Policy governs how Foxit Software uses personal data when you visit our website, and when you access and use any of the Foxit Software products and services (desktop applications, cloud services, and mobile applications), including but not limited to: the Foxit PDF Reader, the Foxit PDF Editor, Foxit PDF Editor Pro, Foxit Admin Console and Foxit eSign. You are responsible for checking this policy from time to time as the list of products and services, along with the policy as a whole, may change from time to time.
1. Responsible body
For any questions about privacy in connection with our products and services or the use of our website, you can always contact our data protection officer.
Foxit Software Inc.
39355 California Street
Suite 302
Fremont, CA 94538
USA
Tel. +1 866-680-3668
Email:
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
For questions specifically related to privacy of data protection in the EU and its Member States, please contact our European office:
Foxit Europe GmbH
Lennéstr. 1
10785 Berlin
Germany
Email:
dataprotectionEU@foxit.com
Tel.: +49 30394050-0
Fax: +49 30394050-99
2. General collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the use of the website, products and services
When you visit our website, or install and/or use our products or services, the following information may be collected (i) when you send us such information, or (ii) depending on the activity, without your active participation, and will be stored until automated deletion:
Your IP address;
Your device type, model, name, mac, and ID;
The date and time of access;
The names and URLs of the pages you visited;
Your Mac address;
Time spent on each website page;
Your pattern of use;
The website from which the access takes place (i.e. referrer URL);
The browser and operating system of your computer as well as the name of your access provider;
Any search keywords input;
Any feedback you send us;
Product information such as the Product name, version number, product license type, state transition, language, edition (whether, for Editor, Editor Pro, etc.), the distributor ID, and Foxit’s defined UUID; and
Any other information to provide identification that helps us provide the service and comply with the law.
For certain products and services, we also collect token information for any third-party document management systems such as FileOpen, SharePoint, NetDocuments, iManage Work, iManage Cloud, Egnyte, OpenText Documentum, OpenText eDOCS, OpenText Content Suite, Worldox, and possibly others.  Note that this list of third-party document management systems may change from time to time.
The data we collect is processed by us for the following purposes:
Ensuring a smooth connection to the website, products and services;
Ensuring a great user experience of our website, products and services;
Evaluation of system security and stability;
For further administrative purposes
In no scenario will we use any nonanonymized data for the purpose of drawing conclusions about you.
If you register on the website to download software, register your software, register for a service, view a webinar, get pricing, have a salesperson contact you, or for any other reason, the following information may be collected based on your input:
First and last name;
Company;
Email;
Telephone;
Account creation information such as time and date;
Number of licenses required;
Login Information such as User ID and other credentials;
Account information, and
Other information, depending on the nature of your inquiry.
The data mentioned is processed by us for the following purposes:
For sales and marketing purposes, to follow up on requests, and to provide additional information or to answer questions;
For responding to inquiries and to otherwise correspond with you;
For managing our relationship with you;
For communicating with you;
For supplying you the purchased software service;
For keeping proper records of transactions with you;
For meeting legal obligations.
The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is the fulfillment of our contractual obligations or the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
3. Third-Party data processing in the context of contract execution
We collect and process your data for the entire process of your purchase or your subscription, including possibly in the context of later warranties for our services and for technical administration. This affects the following data:
Your name;
Your address;
Your phone number;
Your email address;
The employer (if requested);
The job title (if specified);
Payment information, such as your bank account or credit card information (if applicable).
Your personal data will only be passed on to third-parties or otherwise transmitted if this is necessary for the purpose of contract execution or billing, or if you have previously consented. For example, in the context of order processing, for the service providers used here (such as PayPal or other banks), the data is necessary to handle the order and order processing. The data transmitted in this way may only be used by our service providers to fulfill their respective contractual tasks. Any other use of the information is not permitted. We need the correct name, address, contact and payment details to process your order. We need your email address so that we can confirm the order and communicate with you. Furthermore, you will receive the order confirmation and invoice via your email address. Employer and job title information is required (as relevant) to ensure services such as support and follow-up can be properly provided.
The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is the fulfillment of our contractual obligations or the implementation of pre-contractual measures, and meeting legal obligations.
4. Create a Foxit account
If you create a Foxit account, we will also use your email address as a login. The creation of a Foxit account is not required and is optional to download and order products. However, a Foxit account allows you to download free trial versions, view your previous online orders, manage your subscriptions (if you have a subscription account), and use Foxit’s cloud service and web applications. The legal basis of the processing is your consent.
5. Use of Foxit cloud service
Foxit provides a number of cloud services, allowing user to read, edit, process PDF files, work across multiple devices, sign documents, and collaborate online. Files might be uploaded or created when you are using these cloud services, other content or usage data can be created as well.
You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you to do things like sharing your file, sending messages, and inviting others to use the services. If you do, we will store those contacts on our servers for you to use.
Some Foxit cloud services provide collaboration features where you want to share information with other team members. Foxit will share the information you provide to the person(s) you specify. You understand that your name, email address, information from your profile and online account (including your avatar), and any content you choose to share will be shared with such person(s), and such person(s) may communicate with you (such as by posting comments or emailing you) in connection with your use of the collaboration features of the Foxit cloud services. For example, person(s) who you invite to collaborate with you as a contact using the collaboration features of the Foxit cloud services may also (i) modify comments in or about the file that you have shared, (ii) share such content outside of the Foxit cloud services, and (iii) provide other person(s) with rights to view the content you have shared.
All the files you upload to the Foxit cloud services and the data you created using the Foxit services are stored on an appropriate server infrastructure for processing. Unless you choose to store the files and data on a Foxit server for a later usage, all these files you uploaded will be deleted once the process is completed, and the output files will typically be deleted in one day. We keep the files for the sole purpose of giving you and your designated third parties access to the files and the data for as long as you need access. During that time, we neither look at the files nor mine any data from them. No backups are made of any transitional uploaded files or their processed output, and the content of such files are not monitored without your explicit permission.
The legal basis of the processing is your consent.
6. Use of Cookies, Pixels, Beacons, and Other Tracking Technologies
Our website may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – places on the user’s device to remember information about the user, such as the user’s language preference or login information.
This type of cookie is set by us and is referred to as a “first-party cookies.” Foxit uses first-party cookies primarily to make the website work as you expect it to. For example, we use the information we collect through first-party cookies to allow you to navigate between pages efficiently, analyze how well our website is performing, and understand the content that you spent the most time reviewing. In some cases, we use first-party cookies to store information that we use for targeted advertising.
We also incorporate cookies and similar technologies, such as pixels, tags, and web beacons, from outside Foxit’s domain (“third-party cookies”).  Third-party cookies gather information to enable our vendors to provide a range of services to us, including targeted advertising and measuring the success of our advertising campaigns.
Below is a detailed list of the categories of first- and third-party cookies we use on our website. You can prevent the collection of data by non-essential performance, functional and marketing cookies by clicking on “Your Privacy Choices” in our website footer and toggling off the related functionality.
Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are necessary for the website to function properly and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to a site visitor’s request for services, such as a visitor setting their privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but blocking these cookies will prevent the website from working correctly or might prevent the Website from working at all.
Non-Essential Cookies
Non-Essential are not essential to the website functionality but serve some other unique purpose in three subcategories:
Performance
Functional
Marketing
“Performance” cookies
: (sometimes referred to as static cookies) collect information about the user's behavior on the website without collecting personal information, for example:
Pages the user visits.
Ads the user views.
Ads or site features that the user clicks.
“Functional” cookies:
(sometimes called preference cookies) track and remember the user's preferences and past choices on the website to provide a personalized user experience. For example, functional cookies can collect:
Usernames
Passwords
Regions
“Marketing” cookies:
(sometimes called tracking or advertising cookies) can track:
Content the user views
Links the user follows
The user's browser and device information and IP address
Please note: Organizations can use marketing cookies to track and influence users by building user profiles or displaying advertisements.
Cookie Management
You can control and manage cookies associated with your browser. If you are interested in controlling and managing cookies from your browser including any set by our Website, please refer to
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html
for information on different ways to configure your browser’s cookie settings.
If you want to clear all cookies left behind by the websites you have visited, here are links where you can download three third party programs that clean out tracking cookies.
http://www.lavasoftusa.com/products/ad-aware_se_personal.php
http://www.spybot.info/en/download/index.html
http://www.webroot.com/consumer/products/spysweeper/
DAA and NAI
Many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) or the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), both of which maintain self-regulatory programs along with websites where people can opt out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out of website interest-based advertising provided by each organization’s respective participating companies, visit the DAA’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.aboutads.info/
, or visit the NAI’s opt-out portal available at
http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1
.
To opt-out of data collection for interest-based advertising across mobile applications by participating companies, download the DAA’s AppChoices mobile application opt-out offering found here:
https://youradchoices.com/appchoices
.
Non-Participant Opt Out Options
Some of our vendors do not participate in the DAA or NAI self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising or have developed their own processes for allowing consumers to opt-out:
https://branch.app.link/optout
Some devices and apps do not have access to web-based browser cookie opt-outs. To learn more about the advertising opt-outs provided by your mobile device's operating system (like iOS and Android) or the device manufacture, click
here
.
You may delete cookies from your web browser at any time or block cookies on your equipment, but this may affect the functioning of or even block the website. You can prevent saving of cookies (disable and delete them) by changing your browser settings accordingly at any time. It is possible that some functions will not be available on our website when use of cookies is deactivated. Check the settings of your browser. Below you can find some guidance:
Safari
Opera
Microsoft Edge
Google Chrome
Mozilla
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set if they do not want web services to collect information about their online activity. We do not respond to DNT signals.
7. Use of web analytics and additional services
Web analytics and the other named services in this section are used for the continuous optimization of our services, products, and our website. The tracking provides a statistical record of the use of our website and allows us to evaluate it to optimize our offerings to you.  From time to time, we employ data processing and collection services and tools to help us provide you with the best services available. Examples of at least some of the data collection and/or processing services are found in the corresponding list below. Note that the list may change from time to time and is provided solely as examples of how we collect data. The legal basis for the data processing described in this section is our authorized interest in the needs-based design and continuous optimization of our website, products and services.
a. Google Analytics
For the purpose of the customized design and continuous improvement of our website we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (
https://www.google.com
) (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; in following “Google”). In this context, pseudonymized usage profiles are created and cookies (see point 5) are used. Information generated by the cookies include, as an example:
Browser type/version;
Operating system;
Referrer URL (the previously visited page);
IP address of the accessing computer;
Time of server request;
Pages visited.
This information is transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. The information is used to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage for the purposes of market research and tailor-made website design. This information may also be transferred to third parties if required by law or third parties process this data. The data accumulated in this context is transmitted by Google for evaluation to a server in the USA and stored there. In the event that personal data is transferred to the USA, Google relies upon the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for transfers of online advertising, measurement, and personal data out of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland. Under no circumstances will your IP address be merged with any other data provided by Google. The IP addresses are anonymized, so that personal identification is not possible.
You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting the browser software accordingly; however, we point out that in this case not all features of this website may be fully exploited. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a browser add-on (
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
). As an alternative to browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can prevent the collection by Google Analytics. An opt-out cookie will be set which will prevent the future collection of your data when you visit the website. The opt-out cookie is only valid in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must reset the opt-out cookie again. For more information about privacy related to Google Analytics, see the Google Analytics Help Center (
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
).
b.Google AdWords Conversion Tracking
To statistically record the use of our website and to optimize and evaluate it, this website also uses the Google Conversion Tracking tool (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Here, Google AdWords sets a cookie on your computer if you have reached our website via a Google advertisement. After 30 days these cookies lose their validity and are not used for personal identification.  If the user visits certain pages of the website of the AdWords customer and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and the customer can recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page.
Each AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies cannot be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords tracks the total number of users who have clicked on our ad and proceeded to a provider with a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive information that personally identifies users. If you do not want to participate in the tracking process, you can also refuse the required setting of a cookie – for example, via a browser setting that generally disables the automatic setting of cookies. You can also disable cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain
www.googleadservices.com
. Google’s privacy policy on conversion tracking can be found here (
https://services.google.com/sitestats/en.html
).
c. Act-On
If you fill out the any form on the website, your information will be collected by marketing automation software from Act-On Software, Inc. (8300 SW Creekside Place, Suite 250, Beaverton, Ore. 97008, USA) to provide you with our newsletter and other automated email correspondence. These communications provide further information about the downloaded software and related services. You can unsubscribe from receiving Foxit email at any time (see point 12).
In addition, Act-On uses the information in the download form on our behalf to analyze your continued use of our portal. Certain usage data are linked and stored with your person. In this way, we can provide you with information and offers that are tailored to your specific needs. You may object to this use of your data at any time.
We work together with the Act-On services to collect and store your data. For more details, see Act-On's Digital Policy Compliance Information and Privacy Policy.  For more information on the technologies used by Act-On Software, Inc., please refer to Act-On's Privacy Policy at
https://act-on.com/privacy-policy-summary
.
d. Pardot
If you fill out the any form on our website, your information will be used on our behalf by the marketing automation software of Pardot, a subsidiary of Salesforce, Inc. (Salesforce.com, Inc., The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) to provide you with our newsletter and other automated email correspondence. These communications provide further information about the downloaded software and related services. You can unsubscribe from receiving Foxit email at any time (see point 12).
In addition, Salesforce uses the information in the download form on our behalf to analyze your continued use of our portal. Certain usage data are linked and stored with your person. In this way, we can provide you with information and offers that are tailored to your specific needs. You may object to this use of your data at any time.
We work together with the Salesforce’s services to collect and store your data. For more details, see Salesforce's Digital Policy Compliance Information and Privacy Policy.  For more information on the technologies used by Salesforce, Inc., please refer to Salesforce’s Privacy Policy at
https://www.pardot.com/legal/
.
e. Bing Ads
Microsoft’s Bing Ads software is used on our website (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). Bing Ads uses your computer cookies if you come to our website via a Microsoft Bing advertisement. This information tells Foxit that someone clicked on an ad, was redirected to our site, and reached a previously determined landing page (conversion page). Bing Ads learns only the total number of users who clicked on a Bing ad and were then redirected to the conversation page. No personal information about the identity of the user is given. You can prevent the storage of cookies through your browser settings; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of the website in full. You can prevent Microsoft data collection by disabling the personalized ads on Microsoft’s disclaimer page. More information can be found in the Privacy Policy from Microsoft at
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/
.
f. Hotjar
This website also uses web analytics software from Hotjar Ltd. (Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta) to collect statistical information about the use of our website. With the help of this tool, visitor information is collected and transmitted to Hotjar servers. The technology enables the activities of the user to be collected while visiting our website, to analyze and visualize. For example, we can use a “heat map” to identify which areas of our website are the most visited and clicked. For this are appropriate Cookies sent to Hotjar. Hotjar Ltd. may impose data collection and storage on certain browser settings. Hotjar's data collection may be disabled by any opt-out on any of our or other websites operated using Hotjar. Further explanations as well as a function to explain your opt-out can be found on the opt-out page of Hotjar. In addition, Hotjar supports the so-called Do-Not-Track function of your browser. If you enable it in your browser, Hotjar will not collect any data. Instructions for the various browsers can be found on the Hotjar website.
                        For further information regarding Hotjar, visit
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/gdpr-commitment
as well as
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
.
g. Stripe
Foxit uses online payment management services from Stripe (Stripe, Inc. 185 Berry Street, Suite 550, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA). The service allows Foxit to record process monthly and annual subscription purchases for Foxit products and stores the necessary billing information provided by the customers to successfully process each transaction. Your data is hosted by Stripe in the United States. The data processing by Stripe takes place partly on servers in the USA. The use of external payment service provider is based on our legitimate interest to you offering Stripe as an additional payment option. For more information about Stripe, visit
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
.
h. Salesforce.com
Foxit uses customer relationship management software from Salesforce.com (Salesforce.com, Inc, The Landmark at One Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA). The service allows us to record contact information of customers and potential customers. A limited number of authorized employees have access to the database as necessary to search for business information about customers and potential new customers. Your data is hosted by Salesforce in the United States.
                        For more information about Salesforce.com, visit
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
i. Zendesk, Inc.
This website also uses chat software from Zendesk, Inc. (1019 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103) to collect information from you to help you get information about Foxit products. Zendesk collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. For further information regarding Zendesk, visit their privacy policy
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/privacy-notice/
and/or their EU data protection policy
https://www.zendesk.com/company/privacy-and-data-protection/
.
j. SalesLoft, Inc.
This website also uses tracking software from SalesLoft, Inc. (3423 Piedmont Road Northeast Suite 321 Atlanta, GA 30305) to collect information about the use of our website to optimize the website for our visitors. SalesLoft collects information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time you spent on those pages, and other statistics. For further information regarding SalesLoft, visit their privacy policy
https://salesloft.com/platform-privacy-notice/
.
k. Quora
Foxit uses the Quora Pixel from Quora (Quora, Inc. 650 Castro St 450, Mountain View, CA 94041, USA). The Quora Pixel is a tool that is placed in our website to track traffic and conversions of website visitors coming to Foxit.com from the Quora website. When someone clicks on our ad and lands our website, the Quora Pixel allows us to identify how many people are visiting our website and what actions they are taking. For more information about Quora, visit
https://www.quora.com/about/privacy
.
l. Demandbase
Our website uses Demandbase. Demandbase uses cookies and web beacons, such as invisible tracking pixels, to collect non-personal information (browser version, operating system, IP address, cookie information, timestamp). Foxit collects corporate and other firmographic information related to your IP address. The cookies are readable only by Demandbase, with identifiers that may be linked to certain non-personal information or non-personal third party advertising IDs. For more information, please see
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy-policy/
.
m. Mailgun Technologies, Inc.
Some Foxit cloud services use Mailgun email services from Mailgun Technologies, Inc. (“Mailgun”) to send emails on behalf of Foxit and to deliver the service and account management notice to You. Mailgun collects information that your browser sends whenever you fill in a sign up or contact form on their website or send Foxit an email. This data may include Your personal information (i.e., Your name, company name, email address) and your non-personal information. For further information regarding Mailgun, visit their privacy policy
https://www.mailgun.com/privacy-policy
.
n. Third Party Cloud Storage Services
We may provide third party cloud storage services in our products and services for your convenience at your choice, such as Google Drive, Microsoft OneDrive, Dropbox, or others to you. You acknowledge and understand that the data collection of such cloud storage services shall be governed by the privacy policy provided by such third parties.
o. Foxit Dashboard
For the purpose of improving product quality and features, we may process how you use some of our products and services (“Usage Data”) with our internal system Foxit Dashboard. You have the option to share the following data about how you use and interact Foxit products and services:
System information, such as UUID, devices, operating system (version, language);
Foxit product information, such as product name, version, language;
Information about your documents, such as number of pages, and unique document identifiers, (but not the content in your documents);
Document usage information such as how many times you open a document; and
How you interact with Foxit’s products and services, including the features you use and the options you select.
You can choose not to share Usage Data by setting your preferences on your products or services page.
p. Gartner
Foxit uses the Gartner tracking tag from Gartner Digital Markets (Gartner, Inc. 56 Top Gallant Road Stamford, CT 06902 USA). The Gartner tracking tag is placed in our website to track traffic and conversions of website visitors coming to Foxit.com from the Gartner family of brands including Capterra, GetApp, and Software Advice. When someone clicks on our ad and lands on our website, the Gartner tag allows us to identify how many people are visiting our website and what actions they are taking. For more information about Gartner, visit
https://www.gartner.com/en
.
q. Drift.com, Inc.
By using the Live Chat feature, you consent to our collection and analysis of all personal information provided. The Chat Vendor is analyzing the data and information submitted to respond intelligently to meet or identify your needs and answer questions. We utilize a vendor called Drift (“Chat Vendor”) to process, analyze, and store the contents of the chat on our behalf. For more information on how the Chat Vendor may use or disclose your personal information, please review their privacy policy
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy
. By using these forms and features, you direct the Foxit to disclose to and share with the Chat Vendor any personal information you provide.
r. Azure OpenAI & Azure AI Document Intelligence
Some Foxit products/services use Azure AI services from Microsoft (Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA). The AI Assistant feature is placed in our products/services to help you to summarize and rewrite the content you choose and also extract key/value information from your documents. You acknowledge and agree that Microsoft will process the text prompts, queries and responses. Your use of AI Assistant feature will entail your data being uploaded onto Azure Storage and processed by Microsoft; such data and extracted results will be temporarily stored in Azure Storage in the same region as the request and will be deleted within 24 hours. For more information about the data processing, visit
Data, privacy, and security for Azure OpenAI Service - Azure AI services | Microsoft Learn and Data, privacy, and security for Document Intelligence - Azure AI services | Microsoft Learn
.
s. VWO
Foxit uses A/B Testing technology of VWO from Wingify (Wingify, KLJ TOWER, 1104, North, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura, Delhi, 110034, India). The VWO A/B Testing tool is placed on our website to determine the one that could leave the maximum impact among all the different versions that are shown to different segments of our website visitors so as to drive business metrics. VMO may collect and process your personal information (name, email address, phone number, etc.) and non-personal information upon your direct registration or creating an account of it. Foxit will stick to its commitment herein when it collects your personal information using VMO services. You have the option to opt-out at any time as well as to manage or delete the cookies regarding the use of VMO under
https://vwo.com/privacy-policy/
.
t. D&B Visitor Intelligence & D&B Buyer Intent
Foxit uses D&B Visitor Intelligence to identify the business, customize the website experience and target anonymous website visitors. Foxit uses D&B Buyer Intent to find targeted intent audiences. Both D&B Visitor Intelligence and D&B Buyer Intent come from Adobe Experience Cloud provided by Adobe Inc. (Adobe Inc., 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110-2704, USA). Adobe may collect, process, or share your personal information while these services initiating or responding. For more information regarding Adobe, visit
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
and you have the option to opt-out at any time as well as to manage or delete the cookies regarding the use of Adobe under
https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html#communication
.
u. Google reCAPTCHA
This website uses Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent fraud and spam. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. More information can be found in the Privacy Policy from Google at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google's
Terms of Use
and
Privacy Policy
.
v. Reddit
We use Reddit as a campaign platform to put up our ads. Reddit is a public platform operated by Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit”) at 548 Market Street #16093, San Francisco, California 94104, USA. You may jump to this website through your click of such ads on Reddit and your click-through action may be tracked by Reddit as well. Your interactions with and activities on Reddit as well as all your personal data involved therewith will be regulated by Reddit
User Agreement
and
Privacy Policy
.
w. Mind Tickle
We use Mind Tickle Sales Enablement Platform for effective sales content management and hosting digital sales rooms. The platform is developed by Mindtickle Inc, 535 Mission St, 14th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. We use it to deliver the best possible experience for our customers as well as a more efficient work environment for our employees. This platform helps us analyze how our customers interact with the sales and marketing content we share with them.
                        The legal basis for the processing of your personal data by using this platform is Art. 6 (a) GDPR. Your interactions with and activities on Mind Tickle will be governed by Foxit Privacy Policy (
https://www.foxit.com/company/privacy-policy.html
). For more information related to the Platform please visit
https://www.mindtickle.com/privacy-policy/
.
x. BriteVerify
Foxit uses BriteVerify verification service provided by Validity, Inc. (100 Summer St, Suite 2900 Boston, MA 02110, USA) which helps us to provide secure and scalable validation in order to maintain an actionable database. The following personal information is processed by Validity, Inc.: contact information such as e-mail address, phone numbers (U.S. and Canada only), postal addresses (U.S. only), IP addresses. The processing of this personal information is governed by the Privacy Policy of the processor Validity, Inc. Privacy Policy - Validity. The legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) GDPR.
y. 6sense Revenue AI
6sense Revenue AI is a Tag Managing System provided by 6Sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, Suite 201, San Francisco, CA, 94105 (“6sense”) that we use on our website. 6sense Tag Manager has access to the following personal data: IP address, browser history, content interactions, browser behavior. The 6sense Tag Manager allows us to add code to our websites. 6sense is only processing your data as an independent controller. 6sense will combine your IP address with personal information such as : company name, industry, employee count, annual revenue, and buying stage. The legal basis for the transfer to 6sense is our legitimate interest (Art.6 (1) f) GDPR in providing the website efficiently. You can find more information in 6sense's Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy | 6sense
.
8. Social media plug-ins
We use Social Plug-ins on our website from Facebook, Twitter, You Tube, and LinkedIn to increase Foxit’s awareness and promotional purposes. Responsibility for the operation compliant with data protection is to be guaranteed by their respective providers. The integration of these plug-ins by us is done by means of the so-called two-click method to protect visitors to our website in the best possible way.
a. Facebook Connect
This website uses the “Facebook Connect” service provided by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA). When using Facebook Connect, Facebook profile data and on Facebook public data from your Facebook profile are transmitted to this website. Conversely, data from the Foxit website can also be transferred to your Facebook profile. Your transmitted data will be stored and processed by Foxit for registration on the Foxit Platform. By registering on our website via Facebook Connect, you consent to the transmission of profile data from your Facebook profile to Foxit as well as the transmission of data on the use of Foxit to Facebook. The legal basis is the fulfillment of the contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. For more information about Facebook Connect and Privacy Settings, please refer to the Facebook Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
b. Twitter
This website uses a plugin of the short message network of Twitter Inc. (Twitter). The Twitter plugin (tweet button) can be recognized by the Twitter logo on our site. An overview of tweet buttons can be found here (
https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons
). When you visit a page of our website that contains such a plugin, a direct connection is established between your browser and the Twitter server. Twitter receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Twitter "tweet button" while logged in to your Twitter account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Twitter profile. This allows Twitter to associate your visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages are not aware of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Twitter. If you do not want Twitter to associate your visit to our pages, please log out of your Twitter account. Legal basis is the Contract fulfillment or the Execution of pre-contractual measures.
Further information can be found in the privacy policy of Twitter (
https://twitter.com/privacy
).
c. YouTube
We use the provider YouTube for the integration of videos. YouTube is operated by YouTube LLC, headquartered at 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. YouTube is represented by Google Inc., located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94943, USA. When you visit the subpages of our website that have a YouTube plugin, they will connect to the YouTube servers and display the plugin. This will tell the YouTube server which of our subpages you have visited. If you are logged in as a member of YouTube, YouTube assigns this information to your personal user account. When using the plugin such as clicking the start button of a video, this information is also assigned to your set account. For more information about data processing and privacy by YouTube (Google), please visit https://policies.google.com/privacy. If the Do-Not-Track feature is activated in the browser, no external YouTube content will be loaded without the consent, only the reference to this option (Play button) will be displayed. You can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies and related to your use of this website as well as the processing of this data by Google by entering into the Google Settings and disabling the "Personalized Advertising on the Web" option. In that case, Google will only display non-individualized advertising. The legal basis is on our legitimate interest in the integration of video and image content.
                        More information can be found in YouTube
Privacy policy
from Google.
d. LinkedIn
This website offers the possibility to sign in with “ Sign-In with LinkedIn”. Sign-In with LinkedIn is a service of LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Ct. Ste. 200 Mountain View, California 94043, United Stated (“LinkedIn”). If you want to use this feature, you will first be redirected to LinkedIn. There you will be asked to log in with your username and password. We do not take note of registration data. Following this, your LinkedIn account information will be sent to us if you confirm this process with the “Login and allow” button.
A permanent link between your customer account and your Account on LinkedIn does not take place. For more information about Sign In with LinkedIn and Privacy Settings, please refer to the LinkedIn
Privacy Notice
.
9. Server locations
An overview of Foxit’s group of companies including its subsidiaries can be found at
https://www.foxit.com/company/contact.html
.The servers on which user data is collected, stored and used are located in the United States and Germany. For customers from the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland, your information will be stored on the servers located in Germany, except for the account information (Email Address and password), which is currently located in the United States.
However, at times, your data may be required within our group of companies or to third parties. If you use the Foxit’s Products and/or Services, you allow us to transmit, store and process your information in the United States, Germany and possibly in other countries. The laws of these countries may differ from the laws of your place of residence. By taking advantage of Foxit ’s Products and/or Services, you consent to the transmission of your data to these countries. In the event that personal data is to the other countries or regions from the EU, we rely upon the European Commission’s Standard transferred Contractual Clauses (SCCs) for transfers of online advertising, measurement, and personal data out of the European Economic Area, the UK, or Switzerland.
10. Registration
For all website registrations, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure in the European Union only. After registration on the website, we will then send you a notification email asking you to confirm that you wish to receive additional information from Foxit by clicking on a link in this email. The link will bring you to a preferences manager where you may choose what type(s) of information you would like to receive.
If you no longer wish to receive information via email from us, you can unsubscribe at any time without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs according to the basic rates. You will find an unsubscribe link in Foxit emails, and if you chose to unsubscribe, we will then delete your email address from our mailing list.
11. Affected rights for European Union website visitors via GDPR
In connection with the data processing presented here, you have the right to:
Request information about your personal data processed by us. In particular, you can request information on the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been disclosed, the planned retention period, the right to rectification, deletion, limitation of processing or opposition, the existence of the right to complain, the source of their data, if not collected from us, and the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information about their details;
Demand the correction of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored with us;
Demand the deletion of your personal data stored by us, unless we require the data for processing for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defense of Legal claims;
Demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
Dispute the accuracy of the data or assert that the processing is unlawful, or whether we continue need the data;
Receive your personal data that collected/stored in a structured, standard and machine-readable format, or request transmission to another person responsible;
Revoke your once given consent to us at any time. As a result, we are not allowed to continue the data processing based on this consent cancellation;
Contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our Contact branch in Berlin, Germany.
You can exercise a defense of your legal claims where you have objected to any data processing in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR
12. Withdrawal and Rights
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data provided reasons exist for such objection arising from your particular situation, or providing that the objection is directed against a direct mailing from us. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection, which is implemented by us without specifying any particular situation.
You also have the right to revoke, at any time, a previously given consent. As a result, we will not continue the data processing based on this consent. By the revocation of the consent, the legality of the processing on the basis of the consent until the revocation is not affected.
If you would like to exercise your right to revocation or objection, please send an email to
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
.
13. Registration Data in the European Union
In accordance with GDPR, European Union website visitors have the opportunity to order our newsletter, register for product downloads, and/or other registrations, in which we regularly inform you about news about our products and promotions.
For these registrations we use the so-called Double Opt-in method.  We will only send you e-mail if you confirm by clicking on a link in our notification e-mail that you are the owner of the given e-mail address. If you confirm your e-mail address, we will save your e-mail address and the time of registration until you unsubscribe. The sole purpose of the storage is to send you information via e-mail and to prove your registration. You can unsubscribe from e-mail at any time. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every e-mail. A message to the above or in the specified contact information (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is also sufficient. Legal basis of processing is your consent in accordance with. Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) of the GDPR.
In our email, we use commercially available technologies that measure the interactions with the e-mail (e.g. opening the e-mail, clicked links).  We use this data in pseudonymous form for general statistical evaluations as well as for the optimization and further development of our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics that are embedded in the e-mail (so-called pixels). The data is collected exclusively pseudonymized and also not linked with your other personal information. Legal basis for this is our aforementioned legitimate interest. Through our e-mail, we want to share content relevant to our customers and better understand what readers are actually interested in. If you do not want to analyze the usage behavior, you can unsubscribe from e-mails or deactivate graphics in your e-mail program by default. The data for the interaction with our e-mails are stored pseudonym for 30 days and then completely anonymized.
14. Storage time
We will process and keep most of the personal data related to your Foxit account until you cease to be an active user of our Services and Software. If you request for your account to be removed, we will delete personal data related to your account, however, personal data related to contract and business transactions will be retained for ten years from the last year of the business relationship.
If you have consented for your personal data to be processed for a specific purpose such as marketing, then we will continue to process such data until you ask us to stop, and then for a period within 4 business days until your request has been processed. When your request is processed, we also create a permanent record of the request to ensure that it is respected in the future.
15. Data security
If you have created a Foxit account, access to this account is only possible after entering your personal password. You should always keep your access information confidential and close the browser window when you stop communicating with us, especially if you share your computer with others. In addition, we use the popular SSL (Secure Socket Layer) method in connection with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. In general, this is a 256-bit encryption. If your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will instead utilize 128-bit v3 technology. Whether a single page of our website is encrypted is shown by the closed representation of the key or lock icon in the lower status bar of your browser. We also take appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or total loss, destruction or against unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments.
16. Additional Rights Under the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA
The General Data Protection Regulation of the EU (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act (CPRA) places obligations on organizations that collect personal information of California consumers. As a result, we’ve updated our Privacy Policy to include a description of additional rights granted by the GDPR, CCPA and CPRA to provide consumers with required disclosures about the collection of personal information.
16.1. Your Rights under the GDPR
For more details about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of data collected, how long we keep the data, the reasons we collect the data, please see Sections 2, 9,10, and 11, above, along with other relevant sections.
16.2. Your California Privacy Rights
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about California consumers and the rights afforded to them under the CCPA and CPRA.
For more details about the personal information we have collected, including the categories of sources, please see Section 2, 9, 10 and 11, above, titled “
General collection, processing and use of personal data in the context of the use of the website
,” along with relevant other sections. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described above. We share this information with the categories of third parties described above (as such term is defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect.
We do not sell your personal information; and will not sell your personal information without providing you the ability to opt out
. Please note that we do use third-party cookies for our advertising purposes as further described above.
Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA and CPRA provide California consumers the right to: (i) request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of personal information we collect (including how we use and disclose this information); (ii) to delete their personal information from both Foxit databases, and upon request, to any third party with whom Foxit has shared your personal information; (iii) to opt out of any “sales” of their personal information that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights; (iv) the right to opt out of any profiling or automated processing of personal information done to evaluate personal aspects of an individual and to make predictions such as performance at work, economic situation, health, preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location, or movements.
California consumers may make a request pursuant to their rights enumerated in this Privacy Policy by contacting us at
Foxit Software Inc.
39355 California Street
Suite 302
Fremont, CA 94538
USA
Tel. +1 866-680-3668
Email:
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
We will verify your request using the information associated with your account, including your email address. Government identification may be required. Consumers can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.
17. Sending of notification messages to mobile phones of Foxit mobile application users
If you have given your prior written consent in accordance with Art. 6 Section 1 (1) lit. a GDPR, we use your e-mail address and / or your mobile number for sending you notifications. You may revoke your consent at any time by sending an e-mail to our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@foxitsoftware.com
.
18. Changing, downloading, and printing this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date on which it is made available on the site and is effective as of May 10, 2022. As our site evolves and offers become available, or as a result of changes in government or regulatory requirements, it may be necessary to change this privacy policy. The current privacy policy can be retrieved and printed by you at any time on the URL you are currently viewing. You can also download this text in PDF format. To view and print PDF files you need a PDF viewer. You can download the Foxit PDF Editor for free trial on our
website
.
×
Sub-policy 11
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 12
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:

Sub-policy 13
https://www.facebook.com/legal/FB_Work_Privacy:
Facebook
Log In
Log In
Forgot Account?
Workplace Privacy Policy
Workplace from Meta is an online platform created by Meta that allows users to collaborate and share information at work. The Workplace platform includes the Workplace websites, apps and related online services, together the
"Service".
This Privacy Policy describes how your information is collected, used and shared when you use the Service.
The Service is intended for use by organisations and in accordance with their instructions and is provided to you by your employer or other organisation that has authorised your access to, and use of, the Service (your “Organisation”).
The Service is separate from other Meta services that you may use. Those other Meta services are provided to you by Meta and are governed by their own terms. However, the Service is provided by your Organisation and is governed by this Privacy Policy and the
Workplace Acceptable Use Policy
and
Workplace Cookies Policy
.
Your Organisation is responsible for and administers your Workplace account ("Your Account"). Your Organisation is also responsible for the collection and use of any data that you submit or provide through the Service and such use is governed by the terms your Organisation has in place with Meta.
In addition to this Privacy Policy, your Organisation may have additional policies or codes of conduct which will apply in relation to your use of the Service.
If you have any questions about your use of the Service, please contact your Organisation.
I. What kinds of information is collected?
Your Organisation will collect the following kinds of information when you, your colleagues or other users access the Service:
your contact information, such as full name and email address;
your username and password;
your work title, department information and other information related to your work or Organisation;
the content, communications and other information you provide when you use the Service, including when you sign up for an account, create or share content, and message or communicate with others. This can include information in or about the content you provide (such as metadata), such as the location of a photo or the date a file was created;
content, communications and information that other people provide when they use the Service. This can include information about you, such as when they share or comment on a photo of you, send a message to you, or upload, sync or import your contact information;
all communications with other users of the Service;
user communications, feedback, suggestions and ideas sent to your Organisation;
billing information; and
information that you provide when you or your Organisation contact or engage platform support regarding the Service.
II. How does your Organisation use this information?
Your Organisation will share the information that it collects with Meta, as provider of the platform, in order to allow Meta to provide and support the Service for your Organisation and other users and in accordance with any other instructions from your Organisation. Examples of such use include:
communicating with users and administrators regarding their use of the Service;
enhancing the security and safety of the Service for your Organisation and other users, such as by investigating suspicious activity or violations of applicable terms or policies;
personalising your and your Organisation's experiences as part of our provision of the Service;
developing new tools, products or services within the Service for your Organisation;
associating activity on the Service across different devices operated by the same individual to improve the overall operation of the Service;
to identify and fix bugs that may be present; and
conducting data and system analytics, including research to improve the Service.
III. Disclosure of information
Your Organisation discloses the information collected in the following ways:
to third-party service providers that assist in providing the Service or part of the Service;
to third-party apps, websites or other services that you can connect to through the Service;
in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the transfer of the Service, a merger, consolidation, asset sale or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy or insolvency;
to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; and
in connection with a subpoena, warrant, discovery order or other request or order from a law enforcement agency.
IV. Accessing and modifying your information
You and your Organisation may access, correct or delete information that you have uploaded to the Service using the tools within the Service (for example, editing your profile information or via the Activity Log). If you are not able to do so using the tools provided in the Service, you should contact your Organisation directly to access or modify your information.
V. EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework
Meta Platforms, Inc. has certified its participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.  We rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the European Commission’s related adequacy decision, for transfers of information to Meta Platforms, Inc. in the U.S. for the products and services specified in that certification. For more information, please review Meta Platforms, Inc.’s Data Privacy Framework Disclosure.
VI. Third-party links and content
The Service may contain links to content maintained by third parties that your Organisation does not control. You should review the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
VII. Account Closure
If you would like to stop using the Service, you should contact your Organisation. Similarly, if you stop working for or with the Organisation, the Organisation may suspend Your Account and/or delete any information associated with Your Account.
It typically takes about 90 days to delete an account after account closure, but some information may remain in backup copies for a reasonable period of time. Please note that content you create and share on the Service is owned by your Organisation and may remain on the Service and be accessible even if your Organisation deactivates or terminates Your Account. In this way, content that you provide on the Service is similar to other types of content (such as presentations or memos) that you may generate in the course of your work.
VIII. Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. When updated the “last updated" date below will be amended and the new Privacy Policy will be posted online.
IX. Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or
Workplace Acceptable Use Policy
, please contact your Organisation via your Organisation's Admin.
For California residents, you can learn more about your consumer privacy rights by contacting your Organisation via your Organisation's Admin.
Effective October 10, 2023
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Sign Up
Log In
Messenger
Facebook Lite
Video
Meta Pay
Meta Store
Meta Quest
Ray-Ban Meta
Meta AI
Instagram
Threads
Voting Information Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Center
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 14
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy:
Skip to main content
Sign in with Microsoft
Sign in or create an account.
Hello,
Select a different account.
You have multiple accounts
Choose the account you want to sign in with.
Applies To
Privacy
Microsoft Edge
Windows 10
The new Microsoft Edge
helps you browse, search, shop online, and more. Like all modern browsers, Microsoft Edge lets you collect and store specific data on your device, like cookies, and lets you send information to us, like browsing history, to make the experience as rich, fast, and personal as possible.
Whenever we collect data, we want to make sure it’s the right choice for you. Some people worry about their web browsing history being collected. That’s why we tell you what data is stored on your device or collected by us. We give you choices to control what data gets collected. For more information about privacy in Microsoft Edge, we recommend reviewing our
Privacy Statement
.
What data is collected or stored, and why
Microsoft uses diagnostic data to improve our products and services. We use this data to better understand how our products are performing and where improvements need to be made.
Microsoft Edge collects a set of required diagnostic data to keep Microsoft Edge secure, up to date and performing as expected. Microsoft believes in and practices information collection minimization. We strive to gather only the info we need, and to store it only for as long as it’s needed to provide a service or for analysis. In addition, you can control whether optional diagnostic data associated with your device is shared with Microsoft to solve product issues and help improve Microsoft products and services.
As you use features and services in Microsoft Edge, diagnostic data about how you use those features is sent to Microsoft. Microsoft Edge saves your browsing history—information about websites you visit—on your device. Depending on your settings, this browsing history is sent to Microsoft, which helps us find and fix problems and improve our products and services for all users. You can manage the collection of optional diagnostic data in the browser by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
and turning on or off
Help improve Microsoft products by sending optional diagnostic data about how you use the browser, websites you visit, and crash reports
. This includes data from testing new experiences. To finish making changes to this setting, restart Microsoft Edge.
Turning this setting on allows this optional diagnostic data to be shared with Microsoft from other applications using Microsoft Edge, such as a video streaming app that hosts the Microsoft Edge web platform to stream the video. The Microsoft Edge web platform will send info about how you use the web platform and sites you visit in the application to Microsoft.  This data collection is determined by your optional diagnostic data setting in Privacy, search, and services settings in Microsoft Edge.
On Windows 10, these settings are determined by your Windows diagnostic setting. To change your diagnostic data setting, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
.
As of
March 6th 2024,
Microsoft Edge diagnostic data is collected separately from Windows diagnostic data on Windows 10 (version 22H2 and newer) and Windows 11 (version 23H2 and newer) devices in the European Economic Area. For these Windows versions, and on all other platforms, you can change your settings in Microsoft Edge by selecting
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
. In some cases, your diagnostic data settings might be managed by your organization.
When you’re searching for something, Microsoft Edge can give suggestions about what you’re searching for. To turn on this feature, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
>
Address bar and search
, and turn on
Show me search and site suggestions using my typed characters
. As you start to type, the info you enter in the address bar is sent to your default search provider to give you immediate search and website suggestions.
When you use InPrivate browsing or guest mode, Microsoft Edge collects some info about how you use the browser depending on your Windows diagnostic data setting or Microsoft Edge privacy settings, but automatic suggestions are turned off and info about websites you visit is not collected. Microsoft Edge will delete your browsing history, cookies, and site data, as well as passwords, addresses, and form data when you close all InPrivate windows. You can start a new InPrivate session by selecting
Settings and more
on a computer or
Tabs
on a mobile device.
Microsoft Edge also has features to help you and your content stay safe online. Windows Defender SmartScreen automatically blocks websites and content downloads that are reported to be malicious. Windows Defender SmartScreen checks the address of the webpage you're visiting against a list of webpage addresses stored on your device that Microsoft believes to be legitimate. Addresses that aren't on your device’s list and the addresses of files you're downloading will be sent to Microsoft and checked against a frequently updated list of webpages and downloads that have been reported to Microsoft as unsafe or suspicious.
To speed up tedious tasks like filling out forms and entering passwords, Microsoft Edge can save info to help. If you choose to use those features, Microsoft Edge stores the info on your device. If you’ve turned on sync for form fill like addresses or passwords, this info will be sent to the Microsoft cloud and stored with your Microsoft account to be synced across all your signed-in versions of Microsoft Edge. You can manage this data from
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
To integrate your browsing experience with other activities you do on your device, Microsoft Edge shares your browsing history with Microsoft Windows through its Indexer. This information is stored locally on the device. It includes URLs, a category in which the URL might be relevant, such as “most visited”, “recently visited”, or “recently closed”, and also a relative frequency or recency within each category. Websites you visit while in InPrivate mode will not be shared. This information is then available to other applications on the device, such as the start menu or taskbar.
You can manage this feature by selecting
Settings and
more
>
Settings
>
Profile
, and turning on or off
Share browsing data with other Windows features
. If turned off, any previously shared data will be deleted.
To protect some video and music content from being copied, some streaming websites store Digital Rights Management (DRM) data on your device, including a unique identifier (ID) and media licenses. When you go to one of these websites, it retrieves the DRM info to make sure you have permission to use the content.
Microsoft Edge also stores cookies, small files that are put on your device as you browse the web. Many websites use cookies to store info about your preferences and settings, like saving the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to add them each time you visit. Some websites also use cookies to collect info about your online activity to show you interest-based advertising. Microsoft Edge gives you options to clear cookies and block websites from saving cookies in the future.
Microsoft Edge will send Do Not Track requests to websites when the
Send Do Not Track requests
setting is turned on. Websites may still track your activities even when a Do Not Track request is sent, however.
How to clear data collected or stored by Microsoft Edge
To clear browsing info stored on your device, like saved passwords or cookies:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
Under
Clear browsing data,
select
Choose what to clear
.
Under
Time range
, choose a time range.
Select the check box next to each data type you’d like to clear, and then select
Clear now
.
If you’d like, you can select
Choose what to clear every time you close the browser
and choose which data types should be cleared.
Learn more about what gets deleted for each browser history item
.
To clear browsing history collected by Microsoft:
To see your browsing history associated with your account, sign in to your account at
account.microsoft.com
. In addition, you also have the option of clearing your browsing data that Microsoft has collected using the
Microsoft privacy dashboard
.
To delete your browsing history and other diagnostic data associated with your Windows 10 device, select
Start
>
Settings
>
Privacy
>
Diagnostics & feedback
, and then select
Delete
under
Delete diagnostic data
.
To clear browsing history shared with other Microsoft features on the local device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
.
Select
Share browsing data with other Windows features
.
Toggle this setting to
off
.
To clear individual passwords stored by Microsoft Edge on your device:
In Microsoft Edge, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
, and then select
Passwords
.
Under
Saved passwords
, select
More actions
next to a website name, and then select
Delete
to clear the password saved for that site.
How to manage your privacy settings in Microsoft Edge
To change your level of tracking prevention, clear your browsing data, help improve Microsoft Edge, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Privacy, search, and services
.
To choose if websites can ask for permission to use your location, camera, microphone, and more, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Site permissions
.
To choose what types of data are synced across your devices, or to turn off syncing entirely, select
Settings and more
>
Settings
>
Profiles
>
Sync
.
To learn more about privacy in Microsoft Edge, read the
Microsoft Edge privacy whitepaper
.
Yes
No
What affected your experience?
Any additional feedback? (Optional)
Submit feedback
By pressing submit, your feedback will be used to improve Microsoft products and services.
Your IT admin will be able to collect this data.
Privacy Statement.
×