Privacy Policy
Topics:
Collection and use of personal data
Disclosures / Onward transfers of personal data
Sensitive data
Data integrity and security
Marketing
Access to your information and correction
Cookies
Other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
Collection and Use of Personal Data
WCEA provides various solutions to its Individual Customers who purchase its products.
WCEA collects Personal Data from Individual Customers when they purchase its products, register with our website, login to their account, complete surveys, request information or otherwise communicate with us.
The Personal Data that we collect may vary based on the Individual Customer's interaction with our website and request for our services. As a general matter, WCEA may collect the following types of Personal Data from its Individual Customers: contact information, including, a contact person's name, work email address, work mailing address, work telephone number, title, and company name, as well as payment information (which might include credit card and/or bank account information). Individual customers have the option to log into their accounts online and to request service online ; we will collect information that they choose to provide to us through these portals.
When Individual Customers use our services online, we will collect their IP address and browser type. We may associate IP address and browser type with a specific customer. We also may collect Personal Data from persons who contact us through our website to request additional information; in such a situation, we would collect contact information (as discussed above) and any other information that the person chooses to submit through our website.
The information that we collect from Individual Customers is used for selling the products and services they buy from us, managing transactions, reporting, invoicing, renewals, other operations related to providing services and products to the Individual Customer.
For certain products, WCEA serves as a service provider. In our capacity as a service provider, we will receive, store, and/or process Personal Data. In such cases, we are acting as a data processor and will process the personal information on behalf of and under the direction of our partners and/or agents. The information that we collect from our Individual Customers in this capacity is used for managing transactions, reporting, invoicing, renewals, other operations related to providing services to the Individual Customer, and as otherwise requested by our partner and/or agent.
WCEA uses Personal Data that it collects directly from its Individual Customers and for its partners indirectly in its role as a service provider for the following business purposes, without limitation:
Maintaining and supporting its products, delivering and providing the requested products/services, and complying with its contractual obligations related thereto (including managing transactions, reporting, invoices, renewals, and other operations related to providing services to an Individual Customer);
Satisfying governmental reporting, tax, and other requirements (e.g., import/export);
Storing and processing data, including Personal Data, in computer databases and servers located in the United States;
Verifying identity (e.g., for online access to accounts);
As requested by the Individual Customer;
For other business-related purposes permitted or required under applicable local law and regulation; and as otherwise required by law.
Disclosures / Onward Transfers of Personal Data
Except as otherwise provided herein, WCEA discloses Personal Data only to Third Parties who reasonably need to know such data only for the scope of the initial transaction and not for other purposes. Such recipients must agree to abide by confidentiality obligations.
WCEA may provide Personal Data to Third Parties that act as agents, consultants, and contractors to perform tasks on behalf of and under our instructions. For example, WCEA may store such Personal Data in the facilities operated by Third Parties. Such Third Parties must agree to use such Personal Data only for the purposes for which they have been engaged by WCEA.
WCEA also may disclose Personal Data for other purposes or to other Third Parties when a Data Subject has consented to or requested such disclosure. Please be aware that WCEA may be required to disclose an individual's personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. WCEA is liable for appropriate onward transfers of personal data to third parties.
WCEA does not share personal data with third parties who do not act as our agents.  If this policy changes in the future, this policy will be updated to reflect that, and opt-out choice will be provided to individuals prior to the release of that data.
Sensitive Data
WCEA does not collect Sensitive Data from its Individual Customers.
Data Integrity and Security
WCEA uses reasonable efforts to maintain the accuracy and integrity of Personal Data and to update it as appropriate. WCEA has implemented physical and technical safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. For example, electronically stored Personal Data is stored on a secure network with firewall protection, and access to  WCEA electronic information systems requires user authentication via password or similar means.
WCEA also employs access restrictions, limiting the scope of employees who have access to Individual Customer Personal Data.
Further, WCEA uses secure encryption technology to protect certain categories of personal data. Despite these precautions, no data security safeguards guarantee 100% security all of the time.
Marketing
We would like to send you updates and information about products and services of ours and other companies which may be of interest to you.
If you have consented to receive marketing information/marketing updates, you may opt-out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other parties.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address:
Email:
support@wcea.education
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are not processing your personal data in accordance with the law you can complain to the Information Commissioner's Office
https://ico.org.uk/
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information.
This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, and the websites mentioned above provide instructions on how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links and re-directions to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to the WCEA website. In case you are re-directed to external websites, we suggest you also read their privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our privacy policy is regularly reviewed to ensure the latest information is available. Any updates or changes will be placed in this section of the website. This privacy policy was last updated on 20th May 2018.
How to contact us
You may contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or collected information by emailing us at the following address:
Email:
support@wcea.education
Phone number: 0044 (0)20 8156 7244