Main
/
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Yolla Calls International OÜ, doing business as Yolla eSIM, a company located at Rävala pst 6-404A, Tallinn city, Harju county, Estonia (“Yolla”), takes the security of personal information and privacy of users very seriously. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) details how we collect, use and protect the information in connection with our web site located at
esim.yollacalls.com
(“Site”) and calling and other services (“Service”) through Yolla eSIM’s mobile and web applications (“Product”). Personal information is information that can be used to identify or contact a single person, like your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and other non-public information that is associated with this personal information. By downloading and/or using the Product and Service you acknowledge and agree to the Yolla eSIM Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you choose not to agree with the Policy or Terms, you may not use the Product and/or Service. Yolla eSIM may make some changes to this Policy from time to time without notice. Yolla eSIM will publish any changes at
https://yollaesim.com/info/privacy-policy
. The changes will be effective when published. You agree to review the Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. If you continue to use the Product and the Service after the date of the amendment`s publication, it shall constitute that you accept the updated Policy. If you do not agree with the amended Policy, you may terminate your relationship with Yolla eSIM. If there are any material changes to this Policy, we will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. Yolla eSIM will also post any adjustments to the Policy on this web page and the revised version will be effective immediately upon posting (or upon notice as applicable). If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at
hi@yollacalls.com
.
Collecting, Using, and Sharing Your Personal Information
Yolla eSIM may collect Personal Information as you interact with the Product, the Services, and the Site as described below. We endeavor to collect only the information that is necessary for the purposes of processing, to provide our users with all means to rectify the information, and delete information that is no longer necessary for the purposes for which the data is processed.
(I) Types of Personal Information Yolla eSIM Collects
Yolla eSIM collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former users, visitors, guests. (a) Information you provide directly to Yolla eSIM through interacting with the Product, the Services, and the Site, participating in surveys, and contacting support. Yolla eSIM collects information when you register, sign in and use our Product and Service. Yolla eSIM also collects your email in order to send you important updates about your account changes and payment confirmations. You may also opt in to receive information about Yolla eSIM special offers and bonuses. (b) Yolla eSIM may collect certain information automatically. Yolla eSIM may collect certain information through the Product, the Services, and the Site, or methods of web analysis and technologies, such as your IP address (an IP address is a number that can identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet), cookie identifiers (“cookies”), mobile advertising identifiers, and other identifiers that are automatically assigned to your Device, location data, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile carrier, pages that you visit before and after using the Site, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page of the Site, information about the links you click and pages you view on the Site, and other actions taken on the Site. We analyze this data for trend, statistics and security reasons, e.g. to identify the location of users from different countries and to block disruptive and fraudulent use. Yolla doesn't store bank card data – card information is securely processed by the payment processing system. For your convenience, you may still opt to use the same card for subsequent payments. In this case, you will not be required to enter the card details again. The payment processing system will use the payment details you have already provided. We may also use mobile advertising identifiers to recognize your device and perform the services. Depending on your device, you can choose to change or limit the transmission of your mobile advertising identifiers from within your device settings. If you would like to opt out of other technologies we employ to collect certain types of information, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or device permits. (c) Yolla eSIM may also obtain information about you through third-party services as described below to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to Yolla eSIM, enhance our ability to communicate with you, and to detect, investigate, prevent, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues. We may use your personal data to provide our Services, including improving your satisfaction and loyalty. The purpose of data processing is to improve co-operation, promote loyalty and maintain satisfaction (loyalty call, service call with the goal of improving a user's experience, identifying desires and needs, determining a user's level of satisfaction). We may occasionally ask you to provide information on your experience using the Product and the Services. Such information is used to improve the quality of the Services.
(II) Cookies and Tags
Yolla eSIM, as well as third parties that provide communication, advertising, or other means may use cookies, mobile device identifiers and other technologies to automatically collect information through the Product, the Service, and the Site. Yolla eSIM may use cookies, which are small text files stored on your device, to help operate the Product and provide the Service and collect information about activity. Cookies and web beacons may be used to store your preferences and information when you register, sign-in and use our Product and Service, to provide targeted ads, content and marketing communications for preventing fraud, and analyzing site statistics and operations. By using the Product, the Service, and the Site you consent to the use of cookies. You may control cookies and similar technologies with a variety of tools and browser add-ons that can prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, disable cookies, have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, etc. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of useful features, we recommend you leave them turned on. The Site may also use pixel tags to track the actions of users on the Site. Unlike cookies, which are stored on your computer or mobile device, pixel tags are embedded on webpages to measure marketing campaign performance and compile statistics about usage of the Service, so we can manage our content more effectively. The information collected using pixel tags is not linked to personal user data.
(III) Analytics Information
Yolla eSIM may use Google Analytics and Yandex Metrics to collect, process, and analyze trends regarding Site visitor behavior and demographics. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. You can also out opt of Yandex Metric`s collection and processing of such data by following this link
https://yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.xml
. The Yolla eSIM Android and iOS mobile apps use AppsFlyer analytics (provided by AppsFlyer Ltd. – the mobile measurement industry standard) to track and analyze user characteristics and activities and upload to AppsFlyer’s platform certain data that refers to downloads, impressions, clicks and installations of their mobile applications, mobile device use and data regarding in-app events. Yolla eSIM uses this platform to collect and analyze the data parameters: (a) unique identifiers and technical data, such as IP address, User agent, IDFA (Identifier For Advertisers) or Android ID (Android devices); (b) technical data regarding the user operating system, device attributes and settings, applications, advertising opt-out signals, Google Advertiser ID, in-app events, device motion parameters and carrier. For more information about the AppsFlyer privacy policy, please visit
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
. You can opt-out of AppsFlyer Analytics tracking by emailing AppsFlyer at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by completing the form at
https://www.appsflyer.com/optout
.
(IV) The Purposes of the Processing
Yolla eSIM collects your personal information for the purpose of: (a) Providing our Services: we use your registration and account data to (i) sign you up for the Product and create your user account for Yolla eSIM; (ii) create your profile and make it visible; (iii) process your payments; (iv) provide customer service, give you information about your account, and respond to your requests; (b) Improving our Services: we use logs and usage information (as described above) to better understand network behavior and trends and detect potential technical issues; (c) Processing your payments: we may use your information like your name and phone number to process your payments for our Services and mobile top-ups through a secured third-party service provider and, on an aggregate basis to determine charges for our phone carriers and other service providers; (d) Personalizing and optimizing our Services, promotional content and advertising to you. For example, we may use the information we collect through cookies, ad identifiers and similar technologies to show you ads you may be interested in; (e) Preventing cheating, crime or fraud: we may use your information to prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities, protect our trademarks and enforce our Terms of Use. We may use automated decisions to suspend an account based on such data in order to prevent recurring breaches. If your account has been suspended you can contact our support. We may use your information and service log information to comply with applicable laws; (f) Communicating with you: we use your information to contact you (via message or other means) to maintain the Product, to comply with your stated communication preferences or to provide updates about other Yolla eSIM services; (g) As otherwise expressly set out in this Policy or as required by law.
(V) Sharing of Personal Information
In order to provide you with the Service you have requested, enhance your user experience, and improve the Product and Service, Yolla eSIM may sometimes, if necessary, share your personal information with trusted partner service providers, including, but not limited to: payment and analytical services, customer support, hosting services, quality control of services, safety and protection, providing organizational management. Yolla eSIM will always require these third parties to take all necessary measures to protect your personal data and to observe the relevant legislation. The following is a description of how we may share your personal information with trusted third-party partners: (a) We use payment solution providers to process the payment and/or billing information. We require that these third parties take the appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information and to comply with relevant laws, but we are not liable or responsible for these third-party transactions. Therefore, you should review such third-party terms and conditions before providing your payment or billing information. (b) When you use Yolla eSIM on your mobile device, Yolla eSIM may use notification services available for that device to send you alerts when you are not running the mobile application. These services are provided by a third party. For example, messages sent to an Apple device use Apple’s Push Notification Services. Notification services may receive information about the alerts and may use the information in accordance with the privacy policy for the third-party service provider. Yolla eSIM is not responsible for the data collected by third-party notification services. If you do not want to use third-party notification services to receive notifications and alerts, you can disable this in your notification settings in the Yolla eSIM application settings or in your device notification settings. (c) Yolla eSIM uses third-party analytics services to help understand your usage of our services. In particular, we provide a limited amount of your information (such as sign-up date and some personal information like your email address – please see below) to Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, an Irish company with offices at 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 St. Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, Republic of Ireland, (“Intercom”) and utilize Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you visit our website or use our product. As a data processor acting on our behalf, Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or product and tracks our relationship by way of cookies and similar technologies so that we can improve our service to you. For more information on Intercom's use of cookies, please visit
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#cookie-policy
. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our Product. As part of our service agreements, Intercom collects publicly available contact and social information related to you, such as your email address, gender, company, job title, photos, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses, to enhance your user experience. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy
. Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use which can be found at
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#terms
. If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please contact us. We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to terror acts, criminal investigations or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other Yolla eSIM user to legal liability. We also may share your personal information with market supervisory authorities. If we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, personal information would likely be among the transferred assets. As part of such a transaction, the new entity will be required to commit to the same level of protection of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
The Site, the Product, and the Service are restricted to individuals over the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 16 years of age (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 13), and no part of the Site, the Product or the Service is directed to children under the age of 16 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 13). If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at
hi@yollacalls.com
. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 16 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 13), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the account.
Data Retention Periods
We process your personal data no longer than it is necessary and relevant for us to achieve the purposes referred to above or to enable us to comply with our legal data protection retention obligations. The retention period may be based on agreements with you, the legitimate interest of Yolla eSIM or applicable law (such as laws related to bookkeeping, statute of limitations, civil law, etc.). Upon deactivation of your account, we will minimize the personal data about you that we keep only to such data that we are required to keep to comply with laws, or for other legal reasons.
Security
We take reasonable precautions to protect personal information including physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards. Private information is stored on servers with limited access in controlled facilities, and payment information is protected with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption when transferred over the internet. Although we cannot guarantee that personal information will not be subject to unauthorized access as no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
Geographical Area of Processing
We may, for the purposes set forth herein, transfer, process and store your information in Estonia, Germany, or any other country in which Yolla eSIM or its affiliates, subsidiaries, suppliers or agents maintain facilities. Information collected within the European Union/European Economic Area (EU/EEA) may, for example, be transferred to and processed in a country outside of the EU/EEA, which may not provide the same level of protection for personal data as within the EU/EEA. Transfer and processing of personal data outside the EU/EEA can take place provided there is a legal ground, i.e. legal requirement conclusion or performance of an agreement or client’s consent and appropriate safeguards are in place.
Rights of Users from the EU/EEA
If you use Yolla eSIM Services from the EU/EEA, you have the following rights regarding your personal information: to access your personal information, to rectify the information we hold about you, to erase your personal information, to restrict our use of your personal information, to object to our use of your personal information, to receive your personal information in a usable electronic format and transmit it to a third party (right to data portability), to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. If you would like to understand or exercise such rights, please contact us using the above details. Our legal basis to process your personal information will be one of the following:
(a) to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, for example to provide the services;
(b) consistent with your consent, which you can revoke at any time;
(c) to comply with our legal obligations to which we are subject;
(d) to meet our legitimate interests. When we process personal information to meet our legitimate interests, we put in place robust safeguards to ensure that your privacy is protected and to ensure that our legitimate interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
(e) to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person;
(f) necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
We may obtain your consent to collect and use certain types of personal information when we are required to do so by law (for example, in relation to Cookies or when we process accurate location data for purposes other than performing the service). If we ask for your consent to process your personal information, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the details provided above or by changing your settings within the Site or Product. By withdrawing your consent to the processing of Personal Data, we will no longer process your Personal Data. However, if you have withdrawn any of your consent, you must take into account that the data-processing associated with this consent will no longer be secured and you may no longer have access to available options at the previous level. Withdrawal of consent will not affect the legality of your Personal Data processing prior to the withdrawal of consent. It is important for us that we have truthful and up-to-date information about your personal data. If your personal data has changed, and if you have found that we have processed inaccurate or incomplete personal data, we ask you to inform us within a reasonable period of time about the need to make corrections. In the context of communication and cooperation, we may ask you to provide additional identifying information if necessary to ensure that communication or cooperation takes place directly with you as a data subject, and that you are the person who has submitted and signed the request. If you do not provide us with the additional requested information or we have any doubts about the identity of the applicant, in this case we may postpone your request until we have confirmed your identity. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to submit a complaint to your data protection authority.
Last update: December 2023
06 Dec 2023
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 2
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy:
blank
blank
blank
blank
blank
Skip to content
Terms & Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Academy Terms
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Trademark Usage
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Terms of Service
Definitions
Intercom Services
Customer Data and Customer Obligations
Security
Third-Party Platforms and Third Party Messaging Apps
Ownership
Subscription Term, Fees & Payment
Term and Termination
Limited Warranty
Availability
Support
Limitation of Remedies and Damages
Indemnification
Confidential Information
Publicity
General Terms
Intercom Additional Product Terms
Privacy Policy
Purpose and Scope
Personal Data Collected by Intercom
How and Why We Use Your Personal Data
Sharing Your Personal Data
Retention of Your Personal Data
Transfers of Your Personal Data
How We Store and Safeguard Personal Data
Your Privacy Rights and Choices
Children’s Privacy
Changes to this Notice and Questions
Collection and Use of Personal Data of California Residents
Data Processing Addendum
Product Privacy Notice
Intercom Regional Data Hosting Addendum
Scope
RDH Services
Exhibit A to the RDH Addendum: European Data Hosting
Exhibit B to the RDH Addendum: Australian Data Hosting
Support Policy
Premier Services Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
Cookies and similar technologies and the processing of personal data
What are cookies?
Why do we use cookies?
What type of cookies do we use and what are they used for?
Security Policy
Overview
Security Team
Best Practices
Infrastructure
Data
Data Transfer
Authentication
Permissions and Admin Controls
Application Monitoring
Security Audits and Certifications
Customer Responsibilities
Subprocessors List
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Intercom Website Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms
Permission to Use the Site
User Content
Restrictions on User Content and Your Conduct
Intellectual Property Rights in User Content
User Content You Post Becomes Public
We Are Not Responsible for User Content
Proprietary Rights
Enforcement of Copyrights
Notify Us of Infringers
How to Communicate with Us
Site Availability
Links to Other Sites
Warranty Disclaimer
Limitation of Liability
Indemnity
Termination and Suspension
Governing Law and Dispute Resolution
General Terms
Academy Terms
Intercom Academy Terms
Access
Participant Responsibilities
Restrictions on Use
Badges
Ownership
Feedback
Privacy
Suspension and Termination
Disclaimer
Modifications
Independent Contractors
Service Level Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
Code of Conduct
Our Code Of Conduct
Speak Up
Potential Consequences Of Code Violations
Promote Labor, Employment, And Immigration Compliance
Prevent Harassment And Discrimination
Conflicts Of Interest
Keep Clear And Accurate Financial Records
Business Partner Relationships
Zero-Tolerance For Corruption
Avoid Improper Gifts And Entertainment
Respect Trade Controls
Keep Intercom Secrets Safe
Protect Intercom Assets And Promote Our Solutions
Protect Our Employee And Customer Information
Fair Competition
Use Social Media Responsibly
Promote Sustainability
Protect And Celebrate Our Culture
Trademark Usage
Intercom Marks and License
Permissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Impermissible Use of the Intercom Marks
Termination
Ownership
No Warranties
Your Liability for Third-Party Claims
Additional Legal
Questions
Intercom Global Anti-Corruption Statement
Summary
Bribery and Kickbacks
Records and Reporting
Applicability and Enforcement
Intercom Partner Code of Conduct
Labor and Employment Laws
Anti Corruption Laws
Competition
International Trade and Export Controls
Recordkeeping, Financial Integrity, and Honest and Accurate Dealings
Intellectual Property and Confidential Information
Raising Issues and Concerns
Certification and Application
Intercom DMCA Policy
Law Enforcement Guidelines
European Digital Services Act Notice
Effective day
1 November 2024
1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1.1 At Intercom, we respect your privacy and data protection rights and recognize the importance of protecting the personal data we collect and process. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you to understand what personal data we collect about you and how we use and share it.
1.2 When we refer to Intercom, we mean Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, a company registered in Ireland with offices at 124 St Stephen's Green, Dublin 2, DC02 C628; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Intercom Software UK Limited, a private limited company registered in the United Kingdom ("
UK
") with offices at Level 9, the Warehouse 207-211 Old St, London, EC1V 9NR UK; Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, a company registered in Australia with offices at 285A Crown St. Surry Hills NSW 2010, Australia, 1st Floor, Sydney, and Intercom's group companies ("
Intercom
", "
we
", "
us
", "
our
").
1.3 This Privacy Policy applies to you if you:
interact with any of Intercom’s websites (including
www.intercom.com
and
www.intercom.io
) or our social media pages (collectively, the "Sites") ("
website users
");
visit any of Intercom’s premises ("
office visitors
");
attend an Intercom event or an event which Intercom sponsors ("
event attendees
");
use Intercom's communication and messaging products, customer workspaces, mobile applications, and our other applications and services (collectively, the "
Intercom Services
") ("
customers
");
are a marketing prospect, who is anyone whose data Intercom processes for the purposes of assessing customer eligibility ("
marketing prospect
"); or
receive marketing communications from Intercom.
The below Privacy Policy applies to you irrespective of where you are based. There are certain additional parts of the Privacy Policy that will apply to you where you are a resident of the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or California. These additional parts do not apply to everyone.
1.4 For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (or any successor or equivalent legislation in the UK) ("
GDPR
"), either Intercom R&D Unlimited Company or Intercom, Inc., Intercom Software UK Limited, Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd, or any other Intercom group company from time to time, is the controller of your personal data.
2. PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED BY INTERCOM
2.1 PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND RECEIVE
The personal data that we collect about you broadly falls into the categories set out in the following table. Some of this information you provide voluntarily when you interact with the Intercom Services and Sites, or when you attend an event or visit our premises. Other types of information may be collected automatically from your device, such as device data and service data. From time to time, we may also receive personal data about you from third party sources (as further described in the table).
Registration, contact, and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
avatars;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the Intercom Services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
how you interact with our emails;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
date and time;
pages viewed;
links clicked.
Third party source data:
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
addresses;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
contact enrichment and lead generation providers; and
targeted online advertising providers
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
company name;
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Registration, contact and company information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Visitation Data
time and date of arrival;
photograph ID;
signature;
CCTV footage.
Third party source data:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
The event organizer
Registration and contact information:
first and last names;
email addresses;
phone numbers;
mailing addresses;
company name;
your role in your company.
Payment information:
credit card information;
billing and mailing addresses;
other payment-related information.
Device data:
operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model;
browser type and language;
screen resolution;
IP address;
unique device identifiers.
Service data:
the website you visited before browsing to the services;
how long you spent on a page or screen;
navigation paths between pages or screens;
session date and time;
activity status (including first seen, last seen, last heard from - and last contacted);
pages viewed;
links clicked;
language preferences
tags applied within customer accounts
Intercom assigned user identifier.
Third party source data
profile information gathered from social networking sites;
information that you have viewed or interacted with our content;
company information;
job titles;
avatars;
email addresses;
phone number;
approximate geolocation data.
The sources of this third party personal data may include:
Our identity resolution and insight management provider; and
Our geolocation IP intelligence provider
2.2 COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Some device data, service data and third party source data is collected through the use of first or third party cookies and similar technologies. The Intercom Messenger service (and specifically the domains widget.intercom.io and api-iam.intercom.io) does not collect, retain, or share data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple websites or applications that are not owned by Intercom. Intercom does assign each user a unique user ID within the scope of an individual website, but does not collect or retain IP or any information that would allow Intercom to identify the same particular user on more than one website. For more information, please see Intercom's
Cookie Policy
.
Do Not Track
. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to "Do Not Track" or similar signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
3. HOW AND WHY WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We collect and process your personal data for the following purposes and, if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), the UK or Switzerland, on the following legal bases:
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to perform our contract with you for use of our Services and Sites and to fulfill our obligations under applicable terms of service. Where we have not entered into a contract with you, we process your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests to operate and administer the Intercom Services and Sites. For example, to create, administer and manage your account.
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
: We may send you service, technical and other administrative messages in reliance on our legitimate interests in administering the Intercom Services. For example, we may send you messages about the availability or security of the Intercom Services. We also process your personal data to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer care and support. When we have entered into an agreement with you, we process your personal data as necessary to meet our contractual obligations to you.
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to improve and optimize the Intercom Services and Sites and to understand how you use the Intercom Services and Sites, including to monitor usage or traffic patterns and to analyze trends and develop new products, services, features and functionality in reliance on our legitimate interests or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Sending marketing communications
: We process your personal data to send you marketing communications via email, post or SMS about our products, services and upcoming events that might interest you in reliance on our legitimate interests or where we seek your consent. Please see the "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" section below to learn how you can control your marketing preferences.
Registering office visitors
: We process your personal data for security reasons and for the purpose of hosting your visit to the extent such processing is necessary for our legitimate interests in protecting our premises and confidential information against unauthorized access and the safety of our staff and office visitors.
Managing event registrations and attendance
: We process your personal data to plan and host events for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the successful organization of the event, as well as providing you with relevant information regarding your participation.
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
: We process your personal data to control unauthorized use or abuse of the Intercom Services and Sites, or otherwise detect, investigate or prevent activities that may violate Intercom policies or applicable laws, in reliance on our legitimate interests to maintain and promote the safety and security of the Intercom Sites and Services.
Displaying personalized advertisements
: We process your personal data to advertise to you and to provide personalized information, including by serving and managing advertisements on our Sites and on third party sites, in reliance on our legitimate interests to support our marketing activities and advertise our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your consent.
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
: including invoicing, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention. This processing is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring efficient business operations and on the necessity to comply with legal obligations.
Complying with legal obligations
: We process your personal data when cooperating or complying with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws and to protect against imminent harm to our rights, property or safety, or that of our users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
3.2 In certain circumstances, we may collect your personal data on a different legal basis. If we do, or if we use your personal data for purposes that are not compatible with, or are materially different than, the purposes described in this notice or the point of collection, we will explain how and why we use your personal data in a supplementary notice at or before the point of collection. Where we refer to legal bases in this section we mean the legal grounds on which organizations can rely when processing personal data.
3.3 Please note these legal bases only apply to you if you are resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland.
3.4 If you have any questions about our legal bases for processing your personal data, please contact us through our
Privacy Request Form
.
4. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose some or all of the personal data we collect to the following third parties:
To Intercom Group Companies:
Intercom Inc.;
Intercom R&D Unlimited Company;
Intercom Software UK Limited;
Intercom Software Australia Pty Ltd;
Any such other group companies, as may be added to this list from time to time.
Service Providers:
Consultants and vendors engaged by us to support our provision of the Intercom Services and Sites and the operation of our business;
Any such other Service Providers, as may be added to the
Subprocessor list
, from time to time.
Advertising Partners:
Third party advertising companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your activity on the Intercom Services and other online services over time to serve you online targeted advertisements, including the companies listed in the third-party cookies section of our
Cookie Policy
.
Professional Advisors:
Professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Law Enforcement:
Comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
Enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; and
Prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.
Business Transfers:
Parties to transactions or potential transactions (and their professional advisors) involving a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business, assets, or equity interests of Intercom Group Companies (including, as part of a bankruptcy or similar proceeding).
4.2
Aggregated or anonymized information
. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information with third parties for other purposes. Such information does not identify you individually, but may include usage, viewing and technical information such as the websites you generally use, the configuration of your computer, and performance metrics related to the use of websites which we collect through our technology, products and services. If we are required under applicable law to treat such information as personal data, then we will only disclose it as described above. Otherwise, we may disclose such information for any reason.
4.3
Third party websites
. The Sites may also contain links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information processed by us. You should contact the relevant third party websites for more information about how your personal data is processed by them.
5. RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
5.1 We retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
5.2 Note that content you post may remain on the Sites even if you cease using the Sites or we terminate access to the Sites.
6. TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
6.1 The Intercom Services and Sites, and our messenger domains are provided and hosted in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, we may transfer, and process, your personal data outside of the country in which you are resident to other Intercom Group Companies and our service providers including to, Ireland, the UK, Australia and other such countries as we deem appropriate from time to time. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We will protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
6.2 Certain recipients (our service providers and other companies) who process your personal data on our behalf may also transfer personal data outside the country in which you are resident. Where such transfers occur, we will make sure that an appropriate transfer agreement is put in place to protect your personal data.
6.3 If you are a resident of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal data when it is transferred outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal data; or otherwise ensuring appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data. For transfers of your personal data to:
Intercom Group Companies based in the US, we rely on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“
UK-U.S. DPF
”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (“
DPF
”) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
;
other Intercom Group Companies based outside of the US, we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA); and
recipients who are located outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we rely on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK-U.S. DPF or Swiss-U.S. DPF where those recipients are located in the US or for onward transfers from the US, and otherwise we rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) or the UK International Data Transfer Agreement (IDTA).
6.4 Intercom, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  Intercom, Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to (i) the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK-U.S. DPF and (ii) the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
6.5 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF or the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Intercom through our
Privacy Request Form
.
6.6 In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intercom, Inc. commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (“
DPAs
“), the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (“
GRA
“) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“
FDPIC
“) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, it may be possible to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, see
here
for additional information.
Intercom, Inc. remains responsible if its service provider, when acting on its behalf, processes personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Intercom, Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF.
7. HOW WE STORE AND SAFEGUARD PERSONAL DATA
We care about protecting personal data. That is why we put in place appropriate measures that are designed to secure your personal data. You can find out more about our technical and organizational safeguards on our Security page:
https://www.intercom.com/security
.
8. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES
8.1 Depending on your location and subject to applicable laws, you may have certain data protection rights. If you are a resident of the EEA or the UK you have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time.
You can object to processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal data or request portability of your personal data.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the communications we send you. Please note, however, that it may not be possible to opt-out of certain service-related communications. You can let us know at any time if you do not wish to receive marketing messages by contacting us on the Intercom Messenger or by contacting us using the contact details below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA and the UK are available
here
.
8.2 You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
.
8.3 If you are a California resident, you can find information about how we use your personal data and about your privacy rights in
Section 11
of this notice.
9. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Services and Sites are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. Intercom does not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, you may not attempt to register for our Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from someone under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information promptly. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that a child has provided us with their personal data, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form.
10. CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE AND QUESTIONS
10.1 We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update it, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. If we make material updates to this Privacy Policy we will update the effective date at the top of the Privacy Policy.
10.2 We have appointed a Data Protection Officer responsible for managing and addressing inquiries related to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the way your personal data is being used or processed by Intercom, please contact us through our Privacy Request Form or by using the Contact Us link in the footer of this page.
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA OF CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
11.1 SCOPE
Except as otherwise provided, this Section 11 applies only if you are a California resident. For purposes of this section, "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act ("
CCPA
"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any regulations promulgated under either law, in each case, as amended from time to time.
This Section 11 does not apply to;
information exempted from the scope of the CCPA;
activities governed by a different privacy notice, such as notices we give to California personnel or job candidates; or
Personal Information we collect, use, and share on behalf of our customers as a "
service provider
" under the CCPA.
11.2 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
Right to Information/Know
You can request whether we have collected your Personal Information, and in certain cases, the following information about how we have collected and used your Personal Information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, and/or selling Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom Personal Information was sold, shared, or disclosed for a business purpose.
Right to Access
. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
Right to Correction
. You can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Deletion
. You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. While we do not sell Personal Information for money, like many companies, we use services that help deliver targeted ads (also known as interest-based ads) to you, as we have described in the “How and Why We Use Your Personal Data” section above. The CCPA classifies our use of some of these services as “sharing” your Personal Information with the advertising partners that provide the services, from which you have the right to opt-out.
Right to Nondiscrimination
. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination prohibited by the CCPA.
11.3 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
Right to Information/Know, Access, Correction, and Deletion
. You can exercise any of these rights by submitting a request through our
Privacy Request Form
or by mailing us at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, Attention: Compliance.
Right to Opt-Out of Tracking for Targeted Advertising Purposes
. You can submit requests to opt-out of tracking for targeted advertising purposes by using our
Cookie Management Center
. Your request to opt-out will apply only to the browser and the device from which you submit the request.
Verification of Identity
. We will need to verify your identity to process your information/know, access, correction, and deletion requests and reserve the right to confirm your California residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into an Intercom online account (if applicable), provide government identification, give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information. These rights are not absolute, and in some instances, we may decline your request as permitted by law.
Authorized Agents
. Your authorized agent may make a request on your behalf upon our verification of the agent's identity and our receipt of a copy of the valid power of attorney given to your authorized agent pursuant to California Probate Code Sections 4000-4465. If you have not provided your agent with such a power of attorney, you must provide your agent with written and signed permission to exercise your CCPA rights on your behalf, provide the information we request to verify your identity and provide us with written confirmation that you have given the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
11.4 PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT, USE AND DISCLOSE
The table below describes our Personal Information practices by reference to the categories in the “Personal Data Collected by Intercom” section above and the categories described in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140(v)) and describes our practices currently and during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy. Information you voluntarily provide to us, such as in free-form webforms, may contain other categories of personal information not described below. Note that:
We do not “sell” personal information as defined by the CCPA and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding 12 months.
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that California residents have a right to limit under the CCPA.
CCPA statutory category
Personal Information “PI” we collect in this category
Business/commercial purpose for collection
Categories of third parties to whom we “disclose” PI for a business purpose
Categories of third parties with whom we “share” PI
Identifiers
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Professional or employment- related data
Registration, contact, and company information
Third party source data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Financial information
Payment information
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Internet or network information
Device data
Service data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Communicating with you about the Intercom Services and providing customer support
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Maintaining security of the Intercom Services and Sites
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Complying with legal obligations
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)
Sensory information
Registration, contact, and company information
Visitation data
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Registering office visitors
Managing event registrations and attendance
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
None
Inferences
Data derived from the above categories
Providing and facilitating delivery of the Intercom Services and Sites
Improving the Intercom Services and Sites
Sending marketing communications
Displaying personalized advertisements
Carrying out other legitimate business purposes
Intercom group companies
Service providers
Advertising partners
Professional advisors
Authorities and others
Business transferees
Advertising partners (to facilitate online advertising)