Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy statement sets forth the policies and
practices with respect to information or data that is received or gathered
regarding users of the website and related apps, games, products and service
("Services") owned and/or operated by
Scandal
Limited
("COMPANY" "WE"
"US").
. CAREFULLY READ THIS
PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT BECAUSE BY YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND ITS SERVICES YOU
WILL BE EXPRESSLY SIGNIFYING THAT YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
AND THAT YOU ASSENT TO THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION THAT YOU SUPPLY OR
THAT IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU AS DETAILED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT EXPRESSLY
        AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT YOU SHOULD NOT USE
        THE SERVICES.
1. MEMBER,
          VISITOR OR USER INFORMATION
If you any Service or
        communicate with us via email, we will collect and store in our database
        electronic information obtained from you or your browser or other software
        making a connection with the Service and via cookie files including, for
        example: your IP address and domain name; the date and time you access our
        site; your clickstream, and the Internet address of the Website from which you
        were referred to the Service.
We use this information to
        measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our Services, to
        help us make our Services more useful to users, for security and to help
        enforce our policies and agreements, and to measure the amount of traffic
        generated through our affiliate network with whom this information may be
        shared.
Personally-identifying
        information we collect and store about you is the information you voluntarily
        choose to provide to us, such as your username, e-mail address, address, zip
        code, IP address, email header information, etc. In addition, we may ask you to
        voluntarily provide us with additional personal information for some Services
        for tracking, communication, payments, security, legal, and related purposes.
If an you send any
        personal communication or correspondence, by any means, to a Service, or any of
        its employees, agents or representatives, the Service may collect any
        information regarding that communication and include that information in its
        database.
2. COOKIES
We use cookies to store
        and sometimes track information to make your experience easier and more
        personalized.
Cookies are small pieces
        of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive.
        Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to
        simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use
        the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages.
        This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to
        complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Most major Web browsers are
        set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you may modify your
        computers preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to
        disable the ability of third parties to download a cookie to you. If you choose
        to reject all cookies, there are areas of the Services and other websites that
        may not function properly.
3. USE
          OF PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMER
By the use of the Services,
        you expressly agree that we may use any information that we gather or collect
        about you, including personal information that you have provided via the Service,
        webmaster affiliate program, customer service, or other mechanisms, in any way,
        shape or form for provision of Services or for technical, administration,
        research and development, customer administration, age verification, legal
        compliance, marketing, promotional and advertising use and for the transmission
        of email communications, the sending of products or the fulfilling of any terms
        and conditions; and furthermore that we may disclose or provide such personal
        information to our parent companies, affiliated and related companies,
        affiliates, agents and service providers that provide goods and services, for
        purposes of providing or promoting such goods and services.
We are not responsible or
        liable for the use of any information that you may provide, or that is gathered
        by third-party websites that have banner ads, forms, or links on a
        Service.
We do not control, monitor or
        endorse the information gathering practices or Privacy Policies of any
        third-party websites, and those third-party websites may have different privacy
        policies than we do. Whenever applicable, you should seek to read the Privacy
        Policy of any third-party website provider that has an advertising banner,
        advertises or has a link or form on a Service.
By your acts of using a
        Service, accepting the Terms and Conditions of the Service and affirmatively
        consenting to accept emails from a Service, you are agreeing to all of the
        following: (1) we have your permission to collect your email address and all
        personal information you supply relating to that email address; (2) we have
        your permission to disclose and transfer your email address and all other
        personal information you supply to our parent companies, affiliated and related
        companies, affiliates, agents and service providers to promote and/or provide
        goods and services.
4. "OPT-OUT"
          - REVOCATION OF CONSENT PROCEDURE
We also offer a procedure for
  "Opting-Out" if you subsequently choose to revoke or withdraw any
        consent by sending an e-mail from the email address you wish to opt out to
dpo@playscandal.com
clearly stating the email address
        in the body of the email and that you have revoked or withdrawn consent to use
        such email address.
5. DISCLOSURE
We will not disclose or
        use any of your personally identifiable information except to the extent set
        forth in this Privacy Policy, or if acquired to the acquiring entity and its
        related companies or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good
        faith that the law requires it, or when we have reason to believe that
        disclosing this information is necessary to enforce any of our rights and terms
        and conditions or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone
        who may be violating Terms of Use or to comply with applicable law or subpoenas
        or document productions in litigation.
6. Additional
          Provisions for European Union Users:
We endeavor to comply with
        the EU General
          Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) for the collection, use and
        retention of information from the European Union.
You
          have the right to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data.
Your personal data may be transferred to our
          business partners outside the European Economic Area for processing, use and
          retention, in which event, such business partners’ access, use, and disclosure
          of the personal data must also be in compliance with our obligations.
For any issues you may have regarding our Privacy Policy
        and the collection, use and retention of information from the EU or to request
        access to your personal data, you may contact us at:
Privacy Officer
Email: dpo@playscandal.com
7. California
          Resident Privacy Rights
Pursuant to the California
        Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may be entitled to additional
        privacy rights, described at the following page link
California Consumer Privacy Act
          Provisions
(https://playscandal.com/ccpa/), which are incorporated by reference into this policy.
8. REVISIONS
          TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right, in our
        sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy
        Policy at any time and in any manner to the fullest extent permitted by law.
        Changes to this Policy will be effective by posting revisions on a Service or
        other notice as required by applicable law.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://playscandal.com/ccpa/:
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PURSUANT TO THE California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), if you are a California resident, you may request disclosure of the categories of information
Information Categories Request
, the categories of sources of information
Information Sources Request
, the purpose of collecting information
Information Purpose Request
, the categories of third parties with whom we share information
3rd Party Category Request
, and what specific information about you that we have collected
Specific Information Request
.  You may also request disclosure regarding information that we sell
Information Selling Request
.  You may request that we delete your personal information
Information Deletion Request
or that we not sell your personal information
Do Not Sell Information Request
.  To request disclosure, deletion or to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click on the appropriate link above or enter the URL in your browser and follow the instructions.
Requests for Disclosure are limited to two requests in any twelve (12) month period and may be limited to the information collected in the preceding twelve (12) months.  A Request for Deletion may impair your ability to continue to receive goods and services we provide.  If you have received any incentives in exchange for the right to sell your Personal Information, such incentives may be terminated as a result of your opting out of our selling your Personal Information.  Consistent with California law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we will not charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information.
Even if you request deletion of your personal information, we may retain some or all of your personal information to the extent necessary to:
Complete the transaction
for which your personal information was collected, provide a good or service you requested or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents
, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors
that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech
, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
pursuant to Chapter 3.6 (commencing with Section 1546) of Title 12 of Part 2 of the California Penal Code;
To enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your
expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with a legal obligation;
or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.