Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience with Device Tracker Plus.
Allow all or adjust your cookie preferences. You can view our
cookie policy
for more information
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
2
Learn more about this provider
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
device.devicetrackerplus.com
2
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times.
www.devicetrackerplus.com
5
ai_session
Preserves users states across page requests.
email
Pending
gtmOnPaymentSent
Pending
payment-data
Pending
userId
Pending
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
www.devicetrackerplus.com
1
ai_user
Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Google
6
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_#
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
Microsoft
7
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Unclassified
2
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
www.devicetrackerplus.com
2
AI_buffer_1
Pending
AI_sentBuffer_1
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/18/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Reject
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Home
Who we are
FAQ
Help
Device Tracker Plus Privacy Notice & Cookie Policy
Boston Digital Limited has a responsibility to document how we will protect your personal data.
This is a legal requirement of the Data Protection Act (2018), Part 2, within the UK GDPR ‘Right to be Informed’.
This Privacy Notice will outline our responsibilities to you.
Effective as of 6th February 2025
​​Table of Contents
Introduction.
Terms.
What data do we collect about you.
How we collect your personal data:
Information You Give Us Directly.
Information we automatically Collect.
Sensitive Data.
How we use your personal data:
Marketing Communications.
Research and Development.
Change of Purpose.
Disclosures of your personal data:
Service Providers
Regulators and Authorities
International transfers.
Data security.
Data retention.
Your legal rights.
Third-party links.
Cookies
Version 2.
Introduction
Whilst every effort has been made to outline our responsibilities to you in as clear, concise, and easy to understand manner as possible, we do need to use certain terms throughout this Privacy Notice.
Terms
Data Controller
: A Data Controller has the responsibility of deciding how personal data is processed, the purpose for the data processing, and how to securely protect the personal data.
Data Protection Act (DPA 2018)
: The DPA 2018 sets out the legal data protection framework in the UK. It contains three separate data protection regimes:
Part 2
: sets out a general processing regime (the UK GDPR);
Part 3
: sets out a separate regime for law enforcement authorities;
Part 4
: sets out a separate regime for the three intelligence services.
Data Subject
: A Data Subject is a living person who can be identified from personal data.
GDPR
: This stands for General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the UK’s agreed standards for data protection that are also written into UK law through the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA 2018).
Individual Rights
: In UK data protection law, individuals have rights over their personal data. These rights allow the individual to ask the Data Controller to do something, or stop doing something with their personal data. There are eight individual rights.
Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO)
: The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) is the UK’s independent body set up to uphold information rights.
Lawful Basis
: A lawful basis is the legal reason or legal grounds relied upon for the processing of an individual’s personal data. There are six lawful bases to choose from: consent, contract, legal obligation, legitimate interest, public task, and vital interests.
Personal Data
: Personal data is information about who you are, where you live, what you do, and more. It is all information that identifies you as a Data Subject.
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 (PECR)
: PECR sits alongside the DPA 2018 and the UK GDPR. This legislation gives people specific privacy rights in relation to electronic communications, and electronic processing of their personal data.
What Data We Collect About You
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our services, including our website:
www.devicetrackerplus.com
, our app, and any other way you may interact with Device Tracker Plus. This includes any information, you may provide through our site when you purchase a product or service, sign up to our newsletter, or take part in a prize draw or competition.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 18 years of age. Boston Digital Limited is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). Our ICO Registration Number is ZA221596.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact the Data Protection Officer using the details set out below.
Contact Details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity:
Boston Digital Limited
Email address:
support@devicetrackerplus.com
Postal address:
Office 6, 25 St. Andrew Street, Hertford, England, SG14 1HZ
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues
(www.ico.org.uk)
. We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at
dataprotection@devicetrackerplus.com
.
How We Collect Your Personal Data
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data. The information we collect depends on how you use our services.
Information You Give Us Directly
We may process certain types of personal data about you from your own inputs. When you create or change a Device Tracker Plus account, contact us, or otherwise interact with our products and services we collect a variety of information, including:
Identity Data
: When you first sign up to Device Tracker Plus you will need to provide your full name, username and date of birth.
Contact Data
: This may include your billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data
: Any payment information you provide will be processed by the relevant billing or payment processor. We may also collect details such as the date and time when you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, and any data related to subscription cancellation requests.
Profile Data
: This may include your username and password, purchases or orders. You may also choose to attach a photo to your profile within the Device Tracker Plus app. Additionally, we collect the usernames and photos (if provided) of other members who join your group.
We also may gather information when you customise features within our services, such as saving locations on your in-app map in Device Tracker Plus. We also collect information when you use messaging features in our services and any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll on your mobile device.
Interaction Data
: We collect information when you provide feedback to Device Tracker Plus or interact with us, such as commenting on a blog post or tagging Device Tracker Plus in a social media post. This also includes information you provide in response to surveys about our services, any details about your friends that you include in our referral services, and information you submit when seeking assistance, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address, and records (including call recordings) that relate to the issues you have experienced.
Marketing and Communications Data
: This may include your preferences in receiving marketing communications from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Technical Data
: This may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
Information we automatically Collect
We and our service providers may collect other information when you use our services, such as:
Technical Data
: This may include information about your device and its hardware and software, such as mobile device identifiers, operating system, IP address, browser information (including type and language preference), time zone settings, location, operating system and platform, device make and model, Wi-Fi connection, battery status, advertising identifiers, and other technologies found on the devices you use to access this site.
Usage Data
: When you use our products or services, such as our apps, websites, or emails, we and our partners may employ various technologies, including cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear GIFs, log files, embedded scripts, SDKs, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking tools (collectively referred to as "Tracking Technologies"). These tools help us collect information about your activity on our services, such as the links you click, features you use, and actions you take. This includes whether you open our emails, click on links in those emails, view or interact with ads, and details about your activity on specific web pages, such as mouse movements, keystrokes, and app performance data. We may combine this information with other personal data we collect about you.
Location and Movement Data
: With your consent, we collect precise geolocation data (including GPS coordinates and latitude/longitude information) through your mobile device to provide you with our services. Through this and other information collected from technology embedded in your mobile device, such as the gyroscope, accelerometer, compass, and Bluetooth, we may derive information about how and where you are moving such as your speed, altitude, and heading.
Third Party Data
: We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources, including:
Analytics providers, such as Google, based outside the EU.
Advertising networks, such as Facebook, based outside the EU.
We may also process Aggregated Data from your personal data, but this data does not reveal your identity and as such is not personal data. An example of this is where we review your Usage Data to work out the percentage of website users using a specific feature of our site. If we link the Aggregated Data with your personal data so that you can be identified from it, then it is treated as personal data.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the contract between us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us at
support@devicetrackerplus.com
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please email us at
support@devicetrackerplus.zendesk.com
if you need details about the specific legal ground, we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To provide you with our services to you, including to record the location and movements of devices linked to our services
(a) Identity
(b) Profile
(b) Technical
(b) Location and Movement
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover debts owed to us
To manage our relationship with you, which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
(c) Communicating with you about your account
To enable you to take part in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(d) Usage
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
Marketing Communications
You will receive marketing communications, including emails, newsletters, mailings, or SMS messages, from us if you have:
requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us; or
if you provided us with your details and ticked the box at the point of entry of your details for us to send you marketing communications; and
in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
We are aware of our obligations to data privacy under UK GDPR, Privacy and Electronic Communications Act 2003 and the Data Protection Act 2018. We will always get your express consent to opt-in prior to sharing any personal data with third-parties for marketing or other purposes. We currently partner with the following organisations; Results Generation and GoGroupie.
You can ask us or third-parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or or by emailing us at
support@devicetrackerplus.com
at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving our marketing communications, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Research and Development
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To understand how users engage with our products and services, including monitoring the popularity of features, metrics, and trends.
To conduct market research and analytics, both individually and collectively.
To enhance the delivery of our existing products and services.
To develop new products and services.
To perform research and internal analysis.
Change of Purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to find out more about how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please email us at
support@devicetrackerplus.com
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the third parties set out below for our or their purposes::HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
Service Providers
We may share your personal information with our vendors and consultants who assist us in delivering our services or perform tasks on our behalf. This includes services related to accounting, management, insurance, legal or technical support, email or chat services, marketing, analytics, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and other services or features provided to our members.
Regulators and Authorities
We may disclose personal information to HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third Party Purchases
We may at any time sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Personal data such as member names and email addresses, and other personal data related to our services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Protecting Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children that use Device Tracker Plus. Our service is only intended to be used by children with a parent or guardian’s permission and involvement.
If we learn that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child without the consent of a parent or guardian, we will take all steps required by law to delete this information. As a parent or guardian, allowing your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use our services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal data as described.
A parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review the child’s personal data, or have it deleted, and may withdraw consent for us to collect any further personal data from the child. Please contact us at support@devicetrackerplus.com to arrange this. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before acting upon such a request.
If you discover that a child in your care has created an account through our services without your consent, please contact us as soon as possible at
support@devicetrackerplus.com
International transfers
We are a global business. Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage third party service providers. We may transfer Personal Data that we maintain about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the Personal Data was originally collected, including to the United States. Those countries may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that your Personal Data remains protected to the standards described in this Privacy Policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Data.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we comply with applicable laws to provide an adequate level of data protection for the transfer of your Personal Data to the US.
Where applicable law requires us to ensure that an international data transfer is governed by a data transfer mechanism, we use one or more of the following mechanisms: EU Standard Contractual Clauses with a data recipient outside the EEA, verification that the recipient has implemented Binding Corporate Rules, or verification that the recipient adheres to the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place measure to reduce the risk of an unlawful data breach, and procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach. In the unlikely event of a breach where data under our control is compromised, we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we must keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax and accounting purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
You can see more about these rights at:
https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/uk-gdpr-guidance-and-resources/individual-rights/individual-rights/
. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please email us at
support@devicetrackerplus.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and allows us to improve our sites. As stated in the banner shown when you first visit, by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies on that site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. By using the website you are agreeing to using cookies. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. Our sites may use one or more of the following sorts of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas.
Analytical/performance cookies
. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around a website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies
. These are used to recognise you when you return to a website. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences.
Targeting cookies
. These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Examples of third party cookies providing external services include:
Google Analytics
OneTrust Cookie Consent Policy
X (Formerly known as Twitte)
Facebook/Meta
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Instagram
Further information about them may be obtained from their respective websites.
If you wish to find out more about cookies, you may like to visit
www.aboutcookies.org
which is an independent third-party resource that explains what cookies and clear gifs are and how you may manage them. Please note that we are not responsible for and have no control over the content of this third-party website.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to disable the use of them. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our websites.
Except for strictly necessary and functional cookies, cookies will expire within two years.
Version
This policy was updated on 6th February 2025