Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform app users regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service. If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at this type of the apps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to bookmarks, notes, color highlighting, underlines, daily verses and reading. The information that I request is retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
- android software development kit
AdMob
- advertising banners
Firebase Analytics
- application usage statistics
Crashlytics
- collection information about application errors
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, country code, country name, language code, language name, device name, device model, device's serial number or unique identification number (e.g. UDID), operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, attachment files like images, videos, audios, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
We may use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as viewing videos. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
In-App Purchases
Bibleall apps provide the ability to make purchases within the app by means of an in-app purchase (IAP). These purchases may utilise for life-time subscription providing an ongoing license to the product being purchased, or they may be an auto-renewable subscription.
Auto-renewable Subscription
For an in-app purchase of an auto-renewable subscription, payment will be charged to your account with the App Store Vendor (e.g. Apple, Google Play) upon your confirmation of the purchase, and after any applicable free trial period has ended. The subscription will be automatically renewed unless auto-renew has been turned off at least 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. Your account will be charged the cost of the renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us :
support@bibleall.net
This Privacy Statement was last updated at 11 March 2022.