Dahabshiil Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website (‘Website’) is operated by Dahabshiil on behalf of itself. Access is provided only in accordance with the following terms and conditions (‘Conditions’).
Copyright Notices
Copyright in works contained in the Website, including but not limited to all software, design, text, sound recordings and images, are owned, or licensed, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Dahabshiil. You may access the website for your own use of the facilities offered. You may not otherwise copy, transmit, display, perform, distribute (for compensation or otherwise), licence, alter, store or otherwise use the Website or any of its components. Linking (whether to the home-page or otherwise and including framing) is permitted only with the prior written consent of Dahabshiil.
Trademark Notices
The Dahabshiil Logo is a registered trademark of Dahabshiil. Other featured words or symbols, used to identify the source of goods and services, are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Web Content and Materials
The information, materials and services contained in the Website are subject to change from time to time without notice. Not all products and services are available in all geographic areas. Your eligibility for particular products and services is subject to final Dahabshiil determination and acceptance. Dahabshiil may discontinue or make changes in the information, products or services described at any time. Any dated information is published as of its date only, and Dahabshiil does not undertake any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any such information. Furthermore, by offering information, products or services via the Website, no solicitation is made by Dahabshiil to any person to use such information, products or services in jurisdictions where the provision of such information, products or services is prohibited by law.
Privacy and Security
Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as:
“any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you how we, Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd, will collect and use your personal data for cookies, profiling, complaints, subscriptions
Why does Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to provide you with a service we need to collect personal data for correspondence purposes and detailed service provision. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy.
In terms of being contacted for marketing purposes Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd would contact you for additional consent.
Will Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd share my personal data with anyone else?
We may pass your personal data on to third-party service providers contracted to Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd in the course of dealing with you. Any third parties that we may share your data with are obliged to keep your details securely, and to use them only to fulfil the service they provide you on our behalf. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, they will dispose of the details in line with Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd’s procedures. If we wish to pass your sensitive personal data onto a third party we will only do so once we have obtained your consent unless we are legally required to do otherwise.
How will Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd use the personal data it collects about me?
Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary. Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd is required to retain information in accordance with the law, such as information needed for income tax and audit purposes. How long certain kinds of personal data should be kept may also be governed by specific business-sector requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be held in addition to these periods depending on individual business needs.
Under what circumstances will Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process your data. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the data protection officer, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of Organisation Name or a third party, information about those interests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information about how we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possible consequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
Dahabshiil Transfer Services Ltd accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested:
Passport or
Driving licence
&
Proof of address (utility bill dated within the last 3 months)
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer:
Data Protection Officer contact details
Contact Name:
Data Protection Officer
Address line 1:
118 Cavell Street
Address line 2:
Whitechapel
Address line 3:
London
Address line 4:
E1 2JA
Address line 5:
Email:
DPO@dahabshiil.co.uk
Telephone:
020 7375 1110
Please see our Terms and Conditions (point 11) which explains how Dahabshiil collects, uses and safeguards the personal information of users of this Website.
Exclusion of Liability
All content and services on or available through this Website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis and Dahabshiil does not make any representation or give any warranty in respect of the Website or its content. In particular, Dahabshiil does not give any warranty as to the accuracy, suitability, reliability, completeness, performance, fitness, freedom from viruses or timeliness of the content or services contained on this website. Moreover, but without limiting the exclusion, the information services on the Website are intended for use by individuals or companies seeking to make payments abroad in foreign currencies and should not be used for speculation or investment. In addition, we give no assurances that you will receive the services for which you register. Except in relation to any agreement entered into between you and Dahabshiil relating to services or goods offered through the Website (which will be governed by the terms for those services or goods), Dahabshiil will not be liable for any damages (including without limitation loss of profit or loss of use) arising out of your use or delay or inability to use the Website, its content or any link to another website, or otherwise arising out of the Website, arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise except in the case of death or personal injury caused by Dahabshiil negligence.
Changes to the Conditions
These Conditions are subject to change from time to time. Changes will be posted on this Website, and use following any such posting will be deemed to be acceptance of them.
Termination
Dahabshiil may terminate your access and use of any part of the Website at any time without notice if you are in breach of any of the terms of these Conditions or for any other reason. Dahabshiil reserves the right to cease operating the Website at any time without notice.
Governing Law
The user’s access to and use of dahabshiil.co.uk Website, and the terms of this disclaimer are governed by the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute, which cannot be resolved between us, shall be resolved in the English courts.