Thank you for using Smart Tasks
We are the operators of the app named Smart Tasks. Our goal is to help you simplify your daily schedule and achieve your goals. Your privacy is important to us, and we always want to be absolutely transparent about the way Smart Tasks handles your personal data. This document is our Privacy Policy, and by using Smart Tasks, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy so please read this document fully. You can contact us at any time if you have any questions and comments about this Privacy Policy.
What information we collect and how we use it?
Smart Tasks does not require any form of registration or the creation of a personal user account to use it. You can use Smart Tasks anonymously without having to provide a name, username or e-mail address.
If you enable backups and data synchronization between your devices using iCloud, then Smart Tasks will transmit your tasks and categories to your personal iCloud digital storage that resides in the servers that are owned and operated by Apple. We will not share or transmit any of your tasks with any other third-party service. We do not have any of your tasks and do not transmit any of your tasks to any other service or server besides the iCloud servers as previously described above.
We may use third-party services in Smart Tasks in order to help us respond to support requests, detect and diagnose any potential issues and understand how Smart Tasks is used so that we can improve your overall experience. We never share any of your tasks with any of those services. Those third-party services may use and store anonymous aggregate data such as device characteristics, location data, version of Smart Tasks installed on your device, the OS version your device is running on and whether or not you have access to our premium features. If any of those services require your name or email address, for example in case you want to contact our support team, then those services will ask you explicitly to share this information.
Analytics
and crash reporting
Third-party services such as Firebase Analytics (a Google service) are used to support, maintain, and improve Smart Tasks. Your tasks are never shared with these services. Those third-party services may use and store anonymous aggregate data such as device identifiers of the devices, device characteristics, current app version, iOS version that your device is running on. None of these will require your name or email address.
Changes to these terms
We may update our Privacy Policy periodically. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law. We will not change this agreement to allow the collection of your data or make other significant changes without your consent.