Privacy Policy
last updated：2019/12/11
Welcome to Aha Photo Lab (the “Software”, “App” or “Service”)! For providing you with the software and service, Appzone Mobile Development Limited ( “We”, “our” or “us”) needs to collect some privacy information about you, and this Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose your information in connection with our operation of the software and service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party software or service.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand it. By visiting the software or service, you agree that we may treat your information in the ways we describe in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term of this
Privacy Policy, you may not access the software or service.
We have the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy regarding the updates of the Software. You can check the modified version of this Privacy Policy from the Software. You understand and agree that if you continuously use the Software after the date on which these terms have changed, we will treat your use as acceptance and compliance with the updated terms.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us through the email displayed below.
1.Information we collect from you
There are two general categories of information we will process:
1) when you use or access the Software and the Service, some information about you may be automatically collected as follows:
We may use UIDevice to collect the technical information from your browser or device when you visit our Service. This information include the type, name and version of operating system: (i) Your configuration and settings of the Software and Services, version of the Software and Services; (ii)ISP (Internet Service Provider) , Internet protocol (IP) address, Media Access Control (MAC) address,anonymous user identifiers, device configuration and identifiers; (iii)Advertising ID ; (iv) location; (v) Apple ID.
We may use In-app purchase API provided by the third party to collect information about your subscription orders, such as purchase items, subscription time, order status, payment time. We do not collect and we are not responsible for the collection or security of payment details. Payment information is processed and stored using third-party companies (such as Apple). These companies can be contacted through their websites: https://www.apple.com. Before entering your personal payment details, we suggest that you read and become familiar with the privacy policy of these third-party companies.
2) Information that you provide to us
Support Related Information.
If you communicate with us via our support section or via email, we may use NSUUID to collect your email address voluntarily submitted. The purposes of collection of such information are: (1) to operate and update the Software and the Services; (2) to improve and customize the Software and the Services; (3) to maintain, test and monitor the quality and operation of the Software; (4) to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback.
Facial Features Information.
1）Collection and processing of your facial features information
When you first use the face recognition function including but not limited to filter, stickers, crop, video story and other function, the App will pop up a popup window to ask for your confirming. You may choose to grant us the permission to access to your camera and album to obtain your facial photo in your mobile device. Only if you confirm the permission, will we gain access to your camera and album.
We will process the facial features data in the photos, analyze the information on the photos, automatically capture the position and shape of the five sense organs in the photos, and feedback the effect drawing to you. 
If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection and processing of your facial features information, we will promptly cease all such collection and processing.
2）Storage and sharing of your facial features information
The purpose of processing facial features information is only to operate the face recognition functions of the App. For such facial features information, photo and effect drawing, we will neither store nor share them with any third parties after processing.
2. How we use your information?
1) The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve the Service. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
to operate and update the Software and the Service, and provide you with existing and new functionality and features; to improve and customize the Software and the Service; to maintain, test, monitor and improve the quality and operation of the Software; to provide you with support and handle your complaints and/or feedback; to take any action in case of a dispute involving you in connection with the Software and the Service; to comply and satisfy any applicable law regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
2) If any new purposes for processing your information arise we will let you know we start to process information on that other purpose by introducing the corresponding changes to this Privacy policy.
3. Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not share any personal information that we have collected from you except for the following events:
1) If we are required by law to disclose your information, we may share your information with law enforcement or other competent authorities and any third party, as may be required (e.g., to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues; to respond to claims or satisfy any legal process, subpoena, or governmental request; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of our users, its partners, or the general public);
2) In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger or acquisition by another company, consolidation, change of control, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your information will be among the assets transferred;
3) We may share your information with certain third parties (including, without limitation, search engines, content providers, and advertising networks and platforms) that provide various services (such as advertising, marketing, analysis, content, and search) in connection with the Software and the Service. We take appropriate measures to ensure that no user can be individually identified from the disclosure of such information, and we require these third parties (i) to keep the data secured, (ii) not to use the data for any other purpose other than to provide us with the Service; and (iii) to use the data solely in compliance with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy. If you want to delete any personal information which we have shared with the third parties, please contact us through the email displayed below. We would try our best to notify the third party of deleting the relative personal data, but no warranty as to the deletion is made by us.
4) We may also share personal information with our subsidiaries, affiliated and parent companies but their use of such information must comply with the applicable data protection laws and this Privacy Policy.
4. Transfer of data outside your territory
1) We work in the international space and provide the Software to our users around the world. We and third-party organizations that provide automatic data processing technologies for the Software or our third-party advertising partners may transfer the automatically processed information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. 2) Where you located in the EEA, as required by law, you hereby provide us with your express consent to transfer your data to where may be outside of EEA once you use the Service. You may withdraw your consent at any time.
5. How long we maintain your personal information?
We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us and to comply with our legal obligations. If you cease to consent or affirmatively revoke consent for our collection, use, disclosure of your personal information, we( and any third parties with whom we cooperate) will promptly cease all such use, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your account.)
However, some information may still be stored for a certain time period if information is necessary to comply with legal obligation (taxation, accounting, audit) or in order to maintain safety and data backup settings, prevent fraud or other malicious acts.
6. Third Party Websites or App
There are a number of places on our Services where you may click on a link to access other websites or app that do not operate by us. For example, if you click on an advertisement on our Services, you may be taken to a website or app that we do not control. Such third- party websites or app may independently solicit and collect information, including personal information, from you and, in some instances, provide us with information about your activities on those websites or app. We are not responsible for the information contained and/or made available through, the practices of, or your use or inability to use such third- party websites or app. You expressly relieve us from any and all liability arising from your use of such third- party websites or app. We recommend that you consult the privacy statements of all third-party websites or app you visit.
7. How we protect your personal information
We take security measures including administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no system can be completely security. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will always remain secure.
8. Your right
In compliance with legal provisions, you have a general right to access, edit and delete your personal information which have been collected pursuant to your access to and/or use of the Service. In order to exercise this right, please contact us through the email displayed below.
9. Privacy of children
The Service offered by us are not intended for children under 13 or other statutory minimum age according to the applicable laws and regulations in your country (the “Minimum Age”). Anyone under the Minimum Age should not use the Service. With this in mind, we do not willingly collect personal data from children under the Minimum Age. All the same, if the collection of such data is brought to the attention of us, we will take all useful measures possible to delete the corresponding data. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the Minimum Age, please contact us through the email displayed below.
10. Updates to this privacy policy
This Privacy policy may change from time to time. Whenever we change this Privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy policy and other places that we consider appropriate. Please check and pay close attention to this Privacy Policy from time to time.
11. How to contact us
If you have any questions about the Service or this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to obtain a previous version of the current document, feel free to contact us at [ahaphotolab2020@outlook.com].