We always want our policies to be clear and easy to understand, so this policy offers a simple breakdown of how we handle your personal information in connection with the Website and the services.
By using our Website, or applying for COSMOPAYMENT services you are consenting to being bound by this Privacy Policy. ​
This policy sets out: ​
Information we collect and why we collect it;
How we use that information and how we secure it;
Any third parties with access to it and use of cookies;
The choices you have with regard to the use of your personal information. ​
Your privacy matters to COSMOPAYMENT, whether you are new to COSMOPAYMENT or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices and, if you have any questions, please contact us at
support@cosmopayment.com
.
A. What we collect
1. Depending on the type of COSMOPAYMENT services you wish to receive information about, the information we collect about you may include: ​
Contact information (such as your name, email and postal addresses, telephone number, and country of residence) that you provide by completing forms on the Website, by telephone, or through a paper application form;
Information permitting us to offer the COSMOPAYMENT Services to you, including details relating to your company, details allowing us to prevent and detect money laundering and terrorist financing activities, copies of your current valid government-issued photo identification, and/or such other identifying and verifying information as we require from time to time in our discretion for confirming your identity under applicable "know-your-client" rules;
Details about your finances that you provide to us or permit us to collect through third party service providers;
Information about your activity on the Website, such as your IP address, the pages you have visited and the device or browser you use;
Information provided via your mobile devices, such as your location, phone ID, mobile user name, password, contacts, location; ​​
Communications with us (for example, when you ask for support, send us requests, questions or comments, or report a problem, whether by mail, telephone, fax, online, or by any other means);
Information that you submit through the Website, including in the form of comments, contributions to discussions, or messages to other users;
Data from Advertising Partners: This is data that we receive from other digital advertising companies that we work with (“Advertising Partners”) to help us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertisers or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as your "Customer ID" with an Advertiser or an identifier associated with a hashed (not readable) version of your email address. We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Device and browser information: This is technical information about the device or browser you use to access the Advertiser's website. For example, your device's IP address, cookie string data and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device's unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Demographic information; and
Geolocation information;
2. As is true of most websites, but subject to your browser settings, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages and operating system. ​
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
B. How we use your personal information
We need to use the personal information described in section A in order to offer the COSMOPAYMENT Services to you, including for the following purposes: ​
Ascertaining whether to approve you for use of the COSMOPAYMENT Services when you apply to use the COSMOPAYMENT Services;
Identifying you when you sign in to your COSMOPAYMENT Account;
Administering your COSMOPAYMENT Account, understanding your needs as a client, and monitoring your satisfaction with the COSMOPAYMENT Services; ​​
Contacting you about the status of the COSMOPAYMENT Services (for example, to inform you of changes to or the termination of particular COSMOPAYMENT Services, or to respond to a question, comment or complaint);
Complying with legal requirements, including those imposed by laws, regulations, court orders, and regulatory guidelines, policies and procedures, in the countries in which we operate, including tax, "know your client" and Anti-Money Laundering obligations, requirements applicable to COSMOPAYMENT;
Detection of suspicious transactions, including transactions involving fraud, money laundering or terrorist financing activities;
Managing invoicing, accounting and information security services related to our transactions with you;
Protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of COSMOPAYMENT, its clients, employees, service providers, or the public;
Internal management purposes, including planning, resource allocation, policy development, quality improvement, compliance, monitoring, audit, evaluation and reporting;
Improving the COSMOPAYMENT Services;
Managing your communications preferences; and
Maintaining ownership records. ​
​
When you contact COSMOPAYMENT, we may keep a record of your communication to assist us and you in ensuring that you get the best from our services. ​
You can contact us at any time to: ​
Request information that COSMOPAYMENT has about you; ​​
Correct any information COSMOPAYMENT has about you; ​
Please contact us at
support@cosmopayment.com
with any questions relating to your information that we control.
C. How we share your personal information
We may disclose personal information without notice to you if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, court order, or regulatory notice permits or requires us to do so. We may also disclose personal information without notice to you to prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of COSMOPAYMENT, its customers, employees, service providers, or the public.
COSMOPAYMENT will treat as confidential all information it holds in relation to a client where that information is not in the public domain. Subject to this clause, COSMOPAYMENT will not disclose such confidential information to third parties.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any of your personal information collected, including application forms, financial data, or email addresses. COSMOPAYMENT may ask for your permission by email to disclose your personal data to service providers not affiliated with I COSMOPAYMENT, but you have the right to refuse.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as emailing newsletters or offering client service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We will disclose otherwise confidential personal data and confidential information if we are compelled to do so by laws and regulations applicable to us.
D. How we communicate with you
​ Communications between you and COSMOPAYMENT may be conducted by mail or by telephone, fax, online, text message, or by other electronic means. Any instructions that you give to us in any such manner will have the same legal effect as if you gave them to us in original written form. You agree that all telephone calls and electronic communications may be recorded and kept by us as a record of your instructions. You also agree that we may contact you electronically in response to a request, inquiry, or complaint, as otherwise solicited by you, or as permitted or required by law.
We may also communicate with you from time to time electronically about news, promotions, special offers and other information from COSMOPAYMENT.  If you wish to unsubscribe to marketing emails from COSMOPAYMENT please contact
support@cosmopayment.com
. We will strive to honor your request as soon as possible, and in any event within the next 10 business days. Please note, however, that this request will apply only to marketing emails and not to certain account-based information emails which will continue to be sent to account holders. We are not responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these partners, and we encourage you to become familiar with their privacy and security practices and policies before disclosing information to them.
E. Information storage and retention
We may process your personal information on a server located outside the country where you live, and such personal information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Wherever we process or store your personal information we will, in addition to complying with all applicable laws and regulations in that jurisdiction, comply with this Privacy Policy.
Your information may also be processed by employees or consultants of the Group who are located outside of the EEA. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this processing, storing, and transfer.
We will retain your information for as long as you have an open COSMOPAYMENT Account or as is needed to provide you COSMOPAYMENT Services. If you wish to terminate COSMOPAYMENT Services or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us on
support@cosmopayment.com
. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
F. Cookies and related tracking technologies
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads we serve or by clicking
here
. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won't be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you. ​
Cookies are small pieces of information which are placed in your computer’s memory when you visit a website. COSMOPAYMENT uses cookies to recognize you as a repeat visitor, to identify your browser type, to keep track of online patterns and preferences in order to better understand you as a customer, and to improve the quality of the Website and COSMOPAYMENT Services.
​
It is always open to you to modify your web browser settings to prevent the placing of cookies or to notify you each time a cookie is set. The website contains additional useful information on how to block or control cookies using different browsers. However, by blocking or deleting cookies used on the COSMOPAYMENT Services, you may not be able to take full advantage of the COSMOPAYMENT Services.
G. Remarketing
COSMOPAYMENT uses, through its Website, the Google Adwords and Adroll Remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to the Website. Google AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioural targeting service provided by Google. It connects activity on
support@cosmopayment.com
with the Adwords advertising network. ​
Any data that we collect will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and Google's privacy policy. ​
​
You can opt out of Google Adwords Remarketing by visiting:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
​
You can opt out of all third party cookie advertising by visiting:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices
H.Changes to this policy
​ It may become necessary to change the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy as necessary to comply with law or for legitimate business purposes. By continuing to use the COSMOPAYMENT Services, you agree to be bound by the updates to this Privacy Policy. Please check back frequently; you will be able to see if changes have been made by looking at the top of the Privacy Policy for the date it was last updated. Last updated: February 4th  2020.
PRIVACY STATEMENT