‌Financial Spread Trades and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
82.4% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider.
You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money.
Trading in
BS
Harness the power
of unreal spreads
Get low-cost fixed spreads when you trade with Trade Nation. That means when the markets move, your spreads won't.
Watch: Powering markets and smashing goals with Aston Villa Football Club
Meet the
game changers
Unlike other brokers, Trade Nation's low-cost fixed spreads mean when the markets move, your spreads won't. So, no matter your level of trading experience, you can thrive with us.
But don’t just take our word for it. Use our
Spread Saver tool
now and find out how much you can save on spreads with us versus other brokers.
Market
Wall Street 30
​
Typical Trade Size (CFD contracts)
​
Typical Trade Frequency (Per day)
​
Broker
Capital.com, City Index, Easy Markets, Eightcap, eToro, IG, Pepperstone, Spreadex
​
Calculate
Wall Street 30  cost to trade per annum in total spread
Your saving with Trade Nation
/
1.50 pt spread
/
$ 3,402
Eightcap
/
1.60 pt spread
/
$ 3,629
$ 227 p/a
Capital.com
/
2.00 pt spread
/
$ 4,536
$ 1,134 p/a
City Index
/
2.00 pt spread
/
$ 4,536
$ 1,134 p/a
Pepperstone
/
2.30 pt spread
/
$ 5,216
$ 1,814 p/a
IG
/
2.40 pt spread
/
$ 5,443
$ 2,041 p/a
Spreadex
/
2.40 pt spread
/
$ 5,443
$ 2,041 p/a
Easy Markets
/
3.00 pt spread
/
$ 6,804
$ 3,402 p/a
eToro
/
6.00 pt spread
/
$ 13,608
$ 10,206 p/a
*
Spreads data from our competitors was collected on 12th February 2025 and reflected in hours pricing. All Trade Nation's spreads are fixed and taken from the standard zero commission, TradingView-compatible TN Trader account. Figures are displayed in contract currency and may be rounded. For full details of the collection and comparison process please see
here
.
Play the long game
.
And the short
We have unparalleled spread trading and CFD trading expertise and 1000’s of markets are waiting for you – so we help you trade your way.
Forex
The buying and selling of global currencies
Commodities
The exchange of raw goods that fuel the globe
Indices
Tracking the financial world's market titans
Shares
Bite-sized pieces of companies
Seamless trading
from
the palm of your hand
Smash your trading goals on desktop or mobile with powerful tools like our daily report, chart features, and signal centre.
Trade now on:
Desktop
Google Play
App Store
Trade smarter,
your way
Find out more
TN TRADER
Your streamlined, powerful, low-cost way to trade global markets
Harness our powerful, in-house platform for seamless integration across desktop and mobile – and get the most from our industry-defining low-cost fixed spreads.
Experience the power of combining Supercharts and Superspreads
Integrate your TN Trader account to harness our award-winning Superspreads with the world-renowned Supercharts of TradingView – it’s two titans of trading combined.
MT4
Trade global financial markets better with a simplified, seamless experience
Trade across hundreds of global markets with the popular MetaTrader4, the platform traders around the world trust.
You can also copy the best strategies in real-time and learn from an expert community of global traders with our copy trading app,
TradeCopier.
Trade
like a boss
Sharpen your skills or learn brand new ones with our detailed and easy-to-follow resources.
Visit the Knowledge Base
The
perfect
partnership
We align ourselves with others at the top of their game. That’s why we’re proud to be Principal Partners of Aston Villa Football Club.
Find out more
Ready for an
unreal
trading experience?
Power up your trading with Trade Nation today.
Sign up now
Trade on our
award-winning
platform
Platforms
Knowledge Base
About us
Partners
Trading in
BS
Payment methods
Find out more
Trade on
Regulatory bodies
UK - FCA
Australia - ASIC
Seychelles - FSA
Bahamas  - SCB
South Africa - FSCA
Customer support
Chat
Email
FAQ
+1 844 907 8776
Sponsors of your favourite teams
The legal stuff
Financial Spread Trades and CFDs are complex instruments and come with a high risk of losing money rapidly due to leverage.
82.3% of retail investor accounts lose money when trading CFDs with this provider.
You should consider whether you understand how CFDs work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing your money. Refer to our
legal documents.
Trade Nation is a trading name of Trade Nation Financial UK Ltd, a financial services company registered in England & Wales under company number 07073413, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority under firm reference number 525164. Our registered office is 14 Bonhill Street, London, EC2A 4BX, United Kingdom.
Trade Nation is a trading name of Trade Nation Australia Pty Ltd, a financial services company registered in Australia under number ACN 158 065 635, is authorised and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), with licence number AFSL 422661. Our registered office is Level 17, 123 Pitt Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, Australia.
Trade Nation is a trading name of Trade Nation Ltd., a financial services company registered in the Bahamas under number 203493 B, is authorised and regulated by the Securities Commission of the Bahamas (SCB), with licence number SIA-F216. Our registered office is No. 3 Bayside Executive Park, West Bay Street & Blake Road, Nassau, New Providence, The Bahamas.
Trade Nation is a trading name of Trade Nation Financial Markets Ltd, a financial services company registered in the Seychelles under number 810589-1, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority of Seychelles (FSA) with licence number SD150. Our registered office is CT House, Office 6B, Providence, Mahe, Seychelles.
Trade Nation is a trading name of Trade Nation Financial (Pty) Ltd, a financial services company registered in South Africa under number 2018 / 418755 / 07, is authorised and regulated by the Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA), with licence number 49846. Our registered office is 19 9th Street, Houghton Estate, Johannesburg, Gauteng, 2198 South Africa.
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States or any particular country outside the UK, Australia, South Africa, The Bahamas or Seychelles and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
Legal Documents
Cookie Policy
Privacy
© 2019-2025 Trade Nation. All Rights Reserved
Trade Nation – Low-Cost CFD and Forex Broker
We use Cookies to improve your experience on our website. Cookies tell us which parts of the site you visit, help us display relevant ads (on our site and others), and give us insights into your behaviour. See our
cookie policy
Accept all cookies
Cookie settings
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
Like most  websites, we use cookies  to track behaviour and improve the performance of our website.
The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience.

Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and
the services we can offer.
Cookie Notice
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://tnfev2.cdn.prismic.io/tnfev2/Zl8qu5m069VX1c2s_BAHPrivacyPolicy-240401TradeNationLtd.pdf:
