Policy summary
Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
Google Analytics for Firebase
Personal Data: Application opens; Application updates; device information; geography/region; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example)
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Personal Data: Biometric Data access permission; Camera permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Storage permission
Infrastructure monitoring
Instabug
Personal Data: app information; device information; device logs; email address; first name; last name; screenshots; Usage Data; username
Datadog
Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
Shake Bugs
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation
Personal Data: geographic position
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
Direct registration
Personal Data: company name; User ID
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for this Application, some or all of the apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Contact information
Owner and Data Controller
Nourish Care Systems Ltd, 3, Dean Park House, 8-10 Dean Park Cres, Bournemouth BH1 1HL
Owner contact email:
privacy@nourishcare.com
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Nourish Care Systems Ltd, 3, Dean Park House, 8-10 Dean Park Cres, Bournemouth BH1 1HL
Owner contact email:
privacy@nourishcare.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
      geographic position; Camera permission; Storage permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Biometric Data access permission; company name; User ID; Usage Data; first name; last name; email address; username; app information; device information; device logs; screenshots; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geography/region; number of Users ; number of sessions; session duration; Application opens; Application updates; operating systems.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
        Location-based interactions, Device permissions for Personal Data access, Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application, Infrastructure monitoring, Analytics and Interaction with support and feedback platforms.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain  permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.
The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.
Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.
If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.
Biometric Data access permission
Used for accessing the User's biometrical Data and/or authentication systems, such as for instance, FaceID.
Camera permission
Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the device.
Precise location permission (non-continuous)
Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for this Application to derive the exact position of the User on a continuous basis.
Storage permission
Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding of any items.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Ireland Limited)
Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult
Google's partner policy
.
Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service.
Users may opt-out of certain Firebase features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Firebase related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
Personal Data processed: Application opens; Application updates; device information; geography/region; number of sessions; number of Users ; operating systems; session duration; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example).
Place of processing:  Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Device permissions for Personal Data access
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.
Device permissions for Personal Data access (this Application)
This Application requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document.
Personal Data processed: Biometric Data access permission; Camera permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Storage permission.
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.
Instabug (Instabug, Inc.)
Instabug is a monitoring service provided by Instabug, Inc.
Personal Data processed: app information; device information; device logs; email address; first name; last name; screenshots; Usage Data; username.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Datadog (Datadog, Inc.)
Datadog is a monitoring service provided by Datadog, Inc.
The way Datadog is integrated means that it filters all traffic of this Application, i.e., communication between the Application and the User's browser or device, while also allowing analytical data on this Application to be collected.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:  United States –
Privacy Policy
.
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
Shake Bugs
Lightweight bug reporting tool for mobile applications.
Personal Data collected
Usage data
Organisation name
Email address
Username
App information
Device information
Device logs
Screenshots
Location-based interactions
Non-continuous geolocation (this Application)
This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out from this feature by default. If explicit authorization has been provided, the User’s location data may be tracked by this Application.
The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous, either at the specific request of the User or when the User doesn't point out its current location in the appropriate field and allows the application to detect the position automatically.
Personal Data processed: geographic position.
Registration and authentication provided directly by this Application
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users.
Direct registration (this Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data processed: company name; User ID.
Further information about the processing of Personal Data
Push notifications
This Application may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for this Application, some or all of the apps on the particular device.
Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of this Application.
Unique device identification
This Application may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences.
Further Information for Users
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes.
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Further information about retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of  this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to fulfil a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The rights of Users based on the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed.
Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis for Data transfers abroad including to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through  the contact details provided in this document. Such requests are free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 1
https://instabug.com/privacy:
Join CTO Moataz Soliman as he explores the potential impact poor performance can have on your bottom line. 👉
Register Today
UPDATES
Discover how Instabug's AI-powered mobile observability is transforming app development with zero-maintenance apps
Product
What is Mobile Observability?
The complete mobile observability platform for app growth and performance
AI-Powered Mobile Observability
Delivering smarter insights to optimize mobile app performance and user experience
Instabug's Mobile Observability Platform
Test Your App Before Every Release
Release seamless apps with proactive bug and crash detection
Improve Your App Stability and Performance
Optimize stability and performance for exceptional app experiences
Collect Actionable User Feedback
Harness user insights to continuously enhance app quality
Integrations
Jira
Github
Datadog
Slack
Zapier
Okta
Browse all integrations
Pricing
Customers
Developers
Docs
Help Center
platforms
iOS
Android
Flutter
React Native
Browse all platforms
Blog and Resources
Blog
Reviews
Newsroom
Featured
Benchmark Report
Mobile App Stability Outlook 2025
Get a holistic view of the current state of mobile app stability
Read More
Request a Demo
Login
Get Started
Product
What is Mobile Observability?
AI-Powered Mobile Observability
Test Your App Before Every Release
Improve Your App Stability and Performance
Collect Actionable User Feedback
Integrations
Pricing
Customers
Developers
Docs
Help Center
Platforms
iOS
Android
Flutter
Browse all Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reviews
FAQs
Tools
Sentiment Analysis
ROI Calculator
Benchmark Report 2024
Privacy Policy
Updated: June 6th, 2023
Instabug, Inc. ("Instabug", “we”, “us”, and/or “our”) knows that you care about how your personal data is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our treatment of your personal data.
Introduction
By using the www.instabug.com website (“
Site
”) and any related services and/or features (together with the Site, the "
Service
") you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your data, please contact us at privacy@instabug.com
Scope
This Privacy Policy covers Instabug's treatment of personal data ("Personal Data") that Instabug gathers when you access or otherwise use the Service. It explains what data we collect, why we collect the data, how it is used and your rights and choices. While providing our Service, we may collect information about our customers’ end-users at the direction of and on behalf of our customers. Our use of this information is governed by our agreement with the applicable customer and the customer’s privacy policies. We do not control and are not responsible for the privacy policies or privacy practices of our customers or any other third parties. We encourage you to review any such policies or practices that apply to you carefully.
1- What Personal Data does Instabug collect?
Information That You Provide To Us.
Instabug collects the information you voluntarily submit to the Service as follows:
Account Creation
- We may collect information when you create your account, including your name, email address, mailing address and phone number,
Payment Information
- We may collect information and details associated with your purchases, including payment-related information collected by our third-party payment processors on our behalf. We do not directly collect or store any payment card information, but may receive billing address or other non-sensitive information associated with your payment card from our third-party processors.
Your Communications With Us
- We collect Personal Data that is entered on our Site or is sent to us electronically when you request customer or technical support, request a product demo, register for a webinar or other event, complete any “free text” boxes in our forms (for example, support request or survey submission), apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us.
User-Generated Content
- We may collect Personal Data voluntarily disclosed by you on our forums, blogs and our other areas of the Service to which you can post information and materials.
Information Received From Third-Party Services.
If you connect to the Service using credentials from a third-party service or sign-in services such as OAuth (for example, login with a GitHub or Google account), these services will authenticate a user’s identity and provide the user with the option to share certain Personal Data, such as name and email address(es), with us.
Automatically Collected Data.
Whenever you interact with the Service, we automatically receive and store certain types of information including information that your browser automatically sends. Such information may include your IP address (which is briefly collected to identify the country you are connecting from at the time you visit the Site, after which the IP address is deleted), domain server, and type of Internet browser.
In addition, we may collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information. This includes high level information about your activity (such as diagnostic, crash, and performance logs and reports).
We may also collect general device information when you access or use the Service. This may include your operating system, device connectivity, and other general diagnostic data. We do not collect device IDs or other specific device identification data.
Cookies and Similar Technologies.
Like many online services, we may use tracking technologies, such as cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons and pixels) in order to automatically collect and store this information. Specifically, we may use the following technologies:
Cookies
, which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating analytics and online advertising.
Local storage technologies
, like HTML5 and Flash, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.
Web beacons
, also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email address was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.
How does Instabug use cookies?
Instabug uses different categories of cookies to provide, protect, improve, and promote our website and services. Instabug only retains personal data for as long as is needed for the purposes for which it was collected. Information on these categories and their purposes are described below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are essential in order to operate the website and services.
Strictly necessary
Cookies that are used to operate the website and services, such as to log you in and keep your account secure.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include authentication data, unique ID, browser information, and language settings.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from 30 days to 4 years.
‍
Non-essential cookies
These are all other cookies that are not considered strictly necessary but are used for a number of purposes when you interact with our website and services. These purposes include:
Analytics
Cookies that help us and our partners understand how our websites are engaged with, such as usage statistics or to reconstruct viewed UI elements, in order to improve and customize our services.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include website usage data, number of visits, browser and/or device information, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Google GA4, Salesforce, Clearbit, ZoomInfo, Webflow, and Segment
General marketing and advertising
Cookies that are used by Instabug and our partners to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include cross website tracking data, browser information, version data, and advertisement conversion data.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Adobe, Marketo, Marketo Engage, and Google Ads.
Performance and functionality
Cookies which help us remember your preferences and settings in order to improve your experience when interacting with our sites and services.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include website usage data, previous help center or chat history, email address, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 3 years.
Third party providers used include Heap Analytics and Calendly
Social media advertising
Cookies that are used by Instabug and our partners to understand the effectiveness of our advertisements on social media services. These cookies also help them understand your advertising preferences so they can more effectively show you our advertisements which are relevant to your interests.
Categories of data collected for these purposes include social media account details, browser and/or device data, advertisement conversion data, website usage and/or activity data, and unique ID.
These cookies are set to expire after times ranging from session (~20 minutes) to 2 years.
Third party providers used include Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.
‍
How can I control the data collected through cookies?
Browser settings:
You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use our services. Due to a lack of an agreed upon standard for interpreting Do Not Track (DNT) signals, our systems currently don’t respond to DNT:1 signals from browsers visiting our websites.
Cookie preferences:
When you use Instabug’s services, you can select which cookies you consent for Instabug to use in by clicking Cookies & CCPA Preferences in the footer of this page.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA):
You can opt out of the selling or sharing of personal information by Instabug or update your preferences, as described in the California Consumer Privacy Act, by clicking Cookies & CCPA Preferences in the footer of this page. As described below, Instabug does not sell personal information.
2. How does Instabug use the information it collects?
We may use your personal information for the following purposes or as otherwise described at the time of collection:
To Provide the Service
: We may use your information to:
Provide, operate and improve the Service and our business;
Enable security features of the Service, including to combat spam, malware, and other security risks;
Communicate with you about the Service, including by responding to your requests and support inquiries, and sending announcements, updates, and security alerts; and
Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service.
Research and development
: This includes to:
Track and analyze your interactions with the Service to better understand how to improve performance and customer experience;
Improve and develop new products and services; and
Ensure quality control.
Compliance, fraud prevention, and safety.
To protect you and the Service, we may use your information to:
Comply with applicable laws, regulatory requirements, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our
Terms of Service
; and
Protect the safety of any person, to address fraud, security, or technical issues, or to protect the Company’s rights or property.
Marketing
. We may use your contact details to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you, upcoming events or other promotions. If we do so, each marketing communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future marketing communications. Note however that as a user of our services you cannot opt-out of some administrative communications that are reasonably necessary to the Service, such as billing or service notifications. Moreover, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.
Where required by applicable law (for example, if you are an individual in the EU), we will only send you marketing information by email if you consent to us doing so at the time you provide us with your Personal Data. When you provide us with your consent to be contacted for marketing purposes, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions to “opt-out” of receiving marketing communication in each marketing email we send you or by contacting us as indicated below.
With your consent.
In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data.
We may create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing information that makes the data identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
3. Will Instabug share any of the personal data it receives?
Instabug only shares Personal Data with other companies or individuals outside of Instabug in the following circumstances:
-
Feedback
: You've shared your information as a result of giving feedback within an application using the Service. We only share this information with the developer of the application, in order to assist you and the developer in communicating.
-
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers:
Instabug, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions: website analytics companies, providers of digital advertising services, our hosting and cloud computing service providers, providers of CRM, marketing and sales software solutions, providers of billing and processing payments functions. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific functions. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties may access, process or store Personal Data in the course of performing their duties to us and solely in order to perform the services we have hired them to provide. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
-
Protection of Instabug and Others
: We may release Personal Data when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Instabug, our employees, our users, or others.
-
Business Transfers
: If Instabug or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Instabug goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, Personal Data about our customers would be one of the assets that are transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of Instabug may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
-
With Your Consent
: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Data may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information according to the applicable law.
4. European Union (EU) Users
EU Users
The following applies if you are a user in the EU (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway).
Data Controller
. Instabug, Inc. is the data controller for processing Personal Data provided to us through the Service. To find our registered office, please see the “Contact Us” section below.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights concerning your Personal Data:
Right of access
: If you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your Personal Data and if so, provide you with a copy of that Personal Data along with certain other details. If you require additional copies, we may need to charge a reasonable fee.
Right to rectification
: If your Personal Data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the correction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to erasure
: You may ask us to delete or remove your Personal Data, such as where you withdraw your consent. If we share your data with others, we will tell them about the erasure where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to restrict processing
: You may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it (please read below for information on your right to object). We will tell you before we lift any restrictions on processing. If we share your Personal Data with others, we will tell them about the restriction where possible. If you ask us, and where possible and lawful to do so, we will also tell you with whom we shared your Personal Data so you can contact them directly.
Right to data portability
: You have the right to obtain your Personal Data from us that you consented to give us or that was provided to us as necessary in connection with our contract with you. We will give you your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You may reuse it elsewhere.
Right to object
: You may ask us at any time to stop processing your Personal Data, and we will do so:
If we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your Personal Data – unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing or
If we are processing your Personal Data for direct marketing.
Right to withdraw consent
: If we rely on your consent to process your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal of consent will not affect any processing of your data before we received notice that you wished to withdraw consent.
Right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority
: If you have a concern about our privacy practices, including the way we handled your Personal Data, you can report it to the data protection authority that is authorized to hear those concerns. You can find
here
the contact details of EU data protection authorities.
Legitimate Interest
. “Legitimate interests” means our interests in conducting our business, managing and delivering the best Service to you. This Privacy Policy describes when we process your Personal Data for our legitimate interests, what these interests are and your rights. We will not use your Personal Data for activities where the impact on you overrides our interests unless we have your consent or those activities are otherwise required or permitted to by law.
We may process or share your personal information based on the following legal basis:
Consent
: We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests
: We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract
: Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations
: We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests
: We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Our legal bases for processing the personal information described in this Privacy Policy are described in the table below:
To provide the Service
To enforce our Terms of Service
To provide Service communications
To provide customer service
To ensure quality control
Performance of a contract
For research and development
To enhance your experience
To engage in direct marketing activities
To facilitate business transactions
Legitimate interests
To comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements
To detect and prevent illegal activities, fraud, and other prohibited activities
To ensure network and information security
Legal obligations, public interest, or vital interests
To enhance your experience
To engage in third party marketing
For any other purpose that you consent to
Consent
‍
US Users
If you are a resident of the United States, you may also have certain rights under the laws of your state. For example, if you are a California resident, you may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) with respect to information collected by us during the 12 months preceding your request. These include the right to (i) request access to, details regarding, and a copy of the personal information we have collected about you and/or shared with third parties; (ii) request deletion of the personal information that we have collected about you; (iii) the right to opt-out of sale of your personal information; (iv) the right to correct inaccurate personal information; and (v) the right to limit the use of your sensitive personal information. As the terms are defined under the CCPA, we do not “sell” your “personal information.”
California residents may also request the following information (to the extent we share your personal information in this way):
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and
the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
5. Data Retention
We will keep your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is the longer.
If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt-out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Data, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data, the purposes for which we use your Personal Data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data.
6. International Users
Instabug is based in the United States. If you are accessing our Service from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that your Personal Data will be transmitted to our servers in the United States and the data may be transmitted to our service providers supporting our business operations (described above). The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in the country in which you are located. Where we transfer your Personal Data out of the EU we will take steps to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection where it is processed and your rights continue to be protected. For information that we process on behalf of our customers, we have implemented appropriate contractual provisions (including, for data collected from the EU, the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for data transfers) to ensure adequate protection for your Personal Data. Please contact us if you have any questions about the safeguards that we implement when we transfer your Personal Data.
7. Conditions of Use
If you decide to access or use the Service, such access and use and any possible dispute over privacy are subject to this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Service
, including limitations on damages and disclaimer of warranties to the extent permitted by the applicable law.
8. Third Party Website/Services
The Site may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Site. These other websites are not under Instabug control, and by providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these other websites or the services offered through them. The information that you share with such websites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the third-party websites and not by this Privacy Policy. Instabug is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
9. Information Security
We take care to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction, through appropriate security measures. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store Personal Data.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
You have the following choices with respect to your Personal Data:
Email Communications.
If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future marketing emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding the Service you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and the Service, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy).
“Do Not Track.”
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising.
You may stop or restrict the placement of Technologies on your device or remove them by adjusting your preferences as your browser or device permits. However, if you adjust your preferences, the Service may not work properly. Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device.
Mobile Settings.
You can use your mobile device settings to limit use of the identifier(s) associated with your device for interest-based advertising purposes and for location tracking.
Declining to provide information.
We need to collect personal information to provide certain services. If you do not provide the information we identify as required or mandatory, we may not be able to provide those services.
Delete your content or close your account.
You can choose to delete certain content through your account. If you wish to request to close your account, please contact us at privacy@Instabug.com
11. Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us as described below. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
You can contact us by email at
privacy@Instabug.com
, or our mailing address below:
Instabug, Inc.
230 California Street
San Francisco, CA 94111
United States
‍
Sub-policy 2
https://www.datadoghq.com/legal/privacy/:
Product
The integrated platform for monitoring & security
Observability
Security
Digital Experience
Software Delivery
Service Management
AI
Platform Capabilities
View pricing
End-to-end, simplified visibility into your stack’s health & performance
Infrastructure Monitoring
Metrics
Network Monitoring
Container Monitoring
Serverless
Cloud Cost Management
Cloudcraft
Application Performance Monitoring
Universal Service Monitoring
Continuous Profiler
Dynamic Instrumentation
Data Streams Monitoring
Database Monitoring
Data Jobs Monitoring
LLM Observability
Log Management
Sensitive Data Scanner
Audit Trail
Observability Pipelines
Error Tracking
Detect, prioritize, and respond to threats in real-time
Code Security
Software Composition Analysis
Runtime Code Analysis (IAST)
Cloud Security Management
Cloud Security Posture Management
Identity & Entitlement Management
Cloud SIEM
Cloud Workload Security
Application Security Management
Sensitive Data Scanner
Optimize front-end performance and enhance user experiences
Browser Real User Monitoring
Mobile Real User Monitoring
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Synthetic Monitoring
Mobile App Testing
Error Tracking
Continuous Testing
Dashboards
Application Performance Monitoring
Build, test, secure and ship quality code faster
CI Visibility
Test Optimization
Continuous Testing
IDE Plugins
Software Composition Analysis
Application Performance Monitoring
Synthetic Monitoring
Browser Real User Monitoring
Workflow Automation
Integrations
Integrated, streamlined workflows for faster time-to-resolution
Incident Response
Event Management
Software Catalog
Service Level Objectives
Case Management
Workflow Automation
App Builder
Bits AI
Watchdog
Alerts
CoScreen
Monitor and improve model performance. Pinpoint root causes and detect anomalies
LLM Observability
AI Integrations
Bits AI
Watchdog
Event Management
Incident Response
Workflow Automation
Application Performance Monitoring
Universal Service Monitoring
Log Management
Built-in features & integrations that power the Datadog platform
Bits AI
Metrics
Watchdog
Alerts
Dashboards
Notebooks
Mobile App
Fleet Automation
Access Control
Incident Response
Case Management
Event Management
Workflow Automation
App Builder
Cloudcraft
CoScreen
Teams
OpenTelemetry
Integrations
IDE Plugins
API
Marketplace
Customers
Pricing
Solutions
Industry
Financial Services
Manufacturing & Logistics
Healthcare/Life Sciences
Retail/E-Commerce
Government
Education
Media & Entertainment
Technology
Gaming
Technology
Amazon Web Services Monitoring
Azure Monitoring
Google Cloud Monitoring
Oracle Cloud Monitoring
Kubernetes Monitoring
Red Hat OpenShift
Pivotal Platform
OpenAI
SAP Monitoring
OpenTelemetry
Use Case
Application Security
Cloud Migration
Monitoring Consolidation
Unified Commerce Monitoring
DevOps
Shift-Left Testing
Digital Experience Monitoring
Security Analytics
Compliance for CIS Benchmarks
Hybrid Cloud Monitoring
IoT Monitoring
Real-Time BI
On-Premises Monitoring
Log Analysis & Correlation
CNAPP
Docs
White modal up arrow
Looking for Datadog logos?
You can find the logo assets on our press page.
Download Media Assets
About
Contact
Partners
Latest News
Events & Webinars
Leadership
Careers
Analyst Reports
Investor Relations
Awards
ESG Report
Blog
The Monitor
Engineering
Pup Culture
Security Labs
Login
GET STARTED FREE
Free Trial
Toggle navigation
Product
Infrastructure
Infrastructure Monitoring
Metrics
Container Monitoring
Network Monitoring
Serverless
Cloud Cost Management
Cloudcraft
Applications
Application Performance Monitoring
Universal Service Monitoring
Continuous Profiler
Dynamic Instrumentation
Data Streams Monitoring
Database Monitoring
Data Jobs Monitoring
LLM Observability
Logs
Log Management
Sensitive Data Scanner
Audit Trail
Observability Pipelines
Security
Code Security
Software Composition Analysis
Runtime Code Analysis (IAST)
Cloud Security Management
Cloud Security Posture Management
Identity & Entitlement Management
Cloud SIEM
Cloud Workload Security
Application Security Management
Sensitive Data Scanner
Digital Experience
Browser Real User Monitoring
Mobile Real User Monitoring
Product Analytics
Session Replay
Synthetic Monitoring
Mobile App Testing
Error Tracking
Software Delivery
CI Visibility
Test Optimization
Continuous Testing
IDE Plugins
Service Management
Event Management
Software Catalog
Service Level Objectives
Incident Response
Case Management
Workflow Automation
App Builder
Bits AI
Watchdog
AI
LLM Observability
AI Integrations
Bits AI
Watchdog
Event Management
Platform Capabilities
Bits AI
Metrics
Watchdog
Alerts
Dashboards
Notebooks
Mobile App
Fleet Automation
Access Control
Incident Response
Case Management
Event Management
Workflow Automation
App Builder
Cloudcraft
CoScreen
Teams
OpenTelemetry
Integrations
IDE Plugins
API
Marketplace
Customers
Pricing
Solutions
Industry
Financial Services
Manufacturing & Logistics
Healthcare/Life Sciences
Retail/E-Commerce
Government
Education
Media & Entertainment
Technology
Gaming
Technology
Amazon Web Services Monitoring
Azure Monitoring
Google Cloud Monitoring
Oracle Cloud Monitoring
Kubernetes Monitoring
Red Hat OpenShift
Pivotal Platform
OpenAI
SAP Monitoring
OpenTelemetry
Use Case
Application Security
Cloud Migration
Monitoring Consolidation
Unified Commerce Monitoring
DevOps
Shift-Left Testing
Digital Experience Monitoring
Security Analytics
Compliance for CIS Benchmarks
Hybrid Cloud Monitoring
IoT Monitoring
Real-Time BI
On-Premises Monitoring
Log Analysis & Correlation
CNAPP
About
Contact
Partners
Latest News
Events & Webinars
Leadership
Careers
Analyst Reports
Investor Relations
Awards
ESG Report
Blog
The Monitor
Engineering
Pup Culture
Security Labs
Docs
Login
Get Started
Cancel
Last updated
November 5, 2024
November 5, 2024
December 26, 2023
August 21, 2023
January 26, 2023
December 20, 2022
October 5, 2022
December 13, 2021
December 28, 2018
May 25, 2018
September 29, 2016
August 4, 2016
July 16, 2015
June 16, 2014
March 31, 2011
Privacy Policy
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Security
Retention
Children
Your Choices
Supplemental Notice for the EEA, UK, and Switzerland
Supplemental Notice for the United States
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Your trust is important to us, and we want to ensure that your personal information is protected. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect and use your personal information in relation to Datadog products, services, events, websites, and applications that link to this Policy (together, the “Datadog Products”). It also describes how you can control or exercise your rights related to your personal information.
Personal Information We Collect
We process information about you while providing the Datadog Products. Below, we outline the kinds of information we collect.
Information You Give to Us
We collect information about you when you provide it to us directly.
Account information.
We collect information about you when you create an account with us, such as your name, email address, profile picture, company name, postal address, phone number, and payment information.
Support information.
We collect information you provide to us when you open a support request or otherwise communicate with us (such as through third-party social-media sites). This may include your name, email address, title, company, and any other information you provide in your request.
Sales and marketing information.
We collect information you provide for promotional communications, including when you submit forms on our websites, such as name, email address, and telephone number.
Product information.
We collect personal information submitted to us through the use of the Datadog Products, including the information provided in logs, traces, and metrics. This information may include name, email address, IP address, online identifier, and mailing address.
Information We Collect Automatically
We automatically collect information about you when you access or use the Datadog Products.
Your use of the Datadog Products.
We collect information about how you use the Datadog Products, such as your session date, time, and duration; the pages you viewed; and the page you visited before navigating to the products or websites.
Device information.
We collect information about your computer or device when you access any of the Datadog Products, such as the type of browser you use, your IP address, and the location of your device.
Cookies and similar technologies.
We use cookies and similar technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to collect information about your interactions with the Datadog Products, including identifiers, usage data, session information, links clicked, pages visited, and mouse movements. For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources.
Other services linked to your account.
We may collect information about you when you link your Datadog account with other services. For example, if you create or log into your Datadog account using your Google Apps credentials via single sign-on, we will have access to certain information such as your name and email address, as authorized in your Google Apps profile settings.
Through the Datadog products.
We may receive information about you from other users’ use of the Datadog Products.
Our affiliates.
We may receive information about you from one of our affiliates if you interact with them directly, for example through a support request. This may include your name, email address, and information about your request.
Third parties.
We may receive information about you from third parties that provide business information to us or from public sources. This information may include things like your name, title, email address, phone number, and social-media profile. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above.
How We Use Personal Information
We use information about you for the following purposes.
To provide the Datadog Products.
We use information about you to provide you with access to the Datadog Products, including to create and manage your Datadog accounts, process transactions with you, and send you invoices.
For research and to improve and create new Datadog Products.
We use the information we collect, including Product information, to improve the Datadog Products, including to monitor and analyze trends, usage, and other activities in connection with the Datadog Products so that we can continually improve them or create new ones. We may also link or combine information about you with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with new and better services.
To communicate with you.
We use information about you to communicate with you, including to send you technical notices, product updates, security alerts, support communications, and administrative messages about the Datadog Products (including important changes to the Datadog Products). This also includes sending you information about your account and data, such as when we update our terms or when we materially change how we use your data.
For security.
We may use information about you to maintain and increase the security of the Datadog Products, including to detect, investigate, and prevent fraud and other illegal activities from occurring, as well as to protect the rights and property of Datadog, our customers, and third parties.
To market and promote the Datadog Products.
We use information about you to send you promotional messages and to show you advertisements. This may also include using information about you to create more personalized advertising and suggest Datadog Products that may be of interest to you. We may also use information about you to facilitate contests, sweepstakes, and promotions, and to process and deliver your entries and rewards.
To comply with legal obligations.
We may use information about you to comply with our legal requirements. For example, we may process and retain information about your payments to us for tax and accounting purposes.
With your consent.
Finally, we use information about you for any other purposes that you have consented to. For example, if you agree to be named as a Featured Customer, we might post information about you on one of our public websites.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information as follows.
Service providers.
We use third-party service providers who work on our behalf, including to provide hosting services, authentication services, cybersecurity, anti-fraud services, and advertising, which may require us to share your personal information.
Payment services.
We use PayPal, Inc.’s Braintree product to receive and process payments in relation to the use of our Services. PayPal acts as an independent controller of the personal information received when it provides these services. More information about how PayPal processes personal information is available in the
Braintree Privacy Statement
.
For legal reasons.
In rare cases, we may share information about you in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is permitted or required by an applicable law, regulation, or legal process, including to comply with a subpoena or applicable court order. Further, we may share your personal information with any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under any agreement we enter with you or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Datadog or third parties.
Business transfers.
We may share your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Datadog assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
Affiliates.
We may share your personal information with our affiliate companies who may act for us for any of the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership.
Marketing and analytics.
We may share your personal information with analytics and search-engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our websites, subject to our
Cookie Policy
.
Social media.
Some of our websites may contain social-sharing widgets or features that let you share information you find on our websites on third-party sites, including, for example, Twitter, LinkedIn, and YouTube. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy notice.
Consent.
We may share your personal information with your consent or at your direction.
Security
The security of your personal information is incredibly important to us. We have implemented and we continually maintain a variety of technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction, and damage. View our
Security
page to learn more about the specific security controls we have put in place to safeguard your information.
Retention
We only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, after which it will be deleted or archived unless we are required to keep it to comply with our legal obligations or for another legitimate and lawful purpose. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider several factors, including:
the terms of our agreements with you;
our legitimate interests (as outlined in this Privacy Policy);
our legal obligations; and
the amount and nature of your personal information.
In some cases, we may anonymize your personal information so that you are no longer identifiable, in which case we may use the resulting information without further notice to you.
Children
The Datadog Products are not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect or sell the personal information of children under 16.
Your Choices
You have choices about how Datadog collects and uses your personal information.
Account information.
Our customers may access, update, or change personal information they have provided to us by logging into the relevant Datadog application or emailing us at
help@datadoghq.com
. Subject to the terms of their agreements with us, customers may deactivate their accounts by emailing us at
help@datadoghq.com
, but we may retain certain personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or for legitimate business purposes, such as to resolve disputes or enforce our agreements. We may also retain cached or archived copies of personal information for a certain period.
Advertising.
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Datadog by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing
help@datadoghq.com
. If you opt out of receiving promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relationship. If you would like to opt out of receiving promotional phone calls, please contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below
Supplemental Notice for the EEA, UK, and Switzerland
This section provides additional details about the personal information we process subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR.
Controller of Your Information
Unless otherwise stated in a supplemental notice, Datadog, Inc. is the data controller of your personal information.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information.
Right of access.
You have the right to access your personal information that we hold, and receive it in a portable way.
Right to update.
You have the right to request that we update your personal information.
Right to delete.
You have the right to have your personal information deleted.
Right to restrict processing.
You have the right to request us to restrict or suppress the processing of your personal information where our processing is inappropriate.
Right to object.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
Right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where we are processing your personal information based on your prior consent.
To exercise your rights, please complete our
Data Subject Rights intake form
or contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we may ask you to provide us with additional information to confirm your identity.
Legal Bases for Processing Personal Information
We process your personal information on one of the following legal bases:
where necessary to enter into or perform under a contract with you, including to provide the Datadog Products;
where necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation;
for our legitimate interests, as outlined in this Privacy Policy; or
with your consent.
International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be collected in, transferred to, accessed from, or stored in a country other than the one you are in, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. Your personal information is only transferred out of your country in accordance with applicable data protection law, including, for example, to third countries that adequately safeguard personal data, or under the European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses. Your rights with respect to your personal information are outlined above in the “Your rights” section above.
We comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (together, the “DPF”), and we have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (together, the “DPF Principles”). A full list of all participating organizations is available on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s
dedicated DPF website
.
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about our compliance with the DPF, we encourage you to contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below, where you can also find information regarding our EU representative that can respond to your questions or complaints. If you have an unresolved complaint regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF, you may contact TRUSTe, our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider,
here
free of charge. Finally, if you have a complaint that we have violated the DPF Principles that has not been resolved by other means, you may have the ability to invoke binding arbitration as outlined more fully on the
DPF website
. Please note that we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
In some cases, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. More information about the safeguards we’ve implemented to protect transfers of personal data is available in our
Datadog Transfer Impact Assessment
.
If we transfer your personal data onward to a third party, we will continue to remain liable under the DPF Principles if the information is processed in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles.
Complaints
You may lodge a complaint with a data protection authority for your country or region where you have your habitual residence, where you work, or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. A list of EEA data protection authorities is available
here
, and the contact details for the UK Information Commissioner’s Office is available
here
.
Supplemental Notice for the United States
This section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about individuals and the rights afforded to them under various applicable U.S. state data-protection and privacy laws.
Your Rights
Subject to applicable law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal information.
Right to access.
You have the right to request that we disclose to you in a portable format the personal information we collect, use, disclose, share, and sell about you.
Right to correct.
You have the right to correct errors in your personal information.
Right to delete.
You have the right to request that we delete your personal information that we’ve collected.
Right to update.
You have the right to request that inaccurate personal information we hold about you be corrected.
Right to opt out.
You have the right to opt out of behavioral or targeted advertising, automated profiling, and sales of personal information.
Right to restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive information.
You have the right to request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information.
Right to nondiscrimination.
You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment because you’ve exercised any of your above rights.
If you or your authorized agent wishes to exercise any of these rights, please complete our
Data Subject Rights intake form
or contact us as outlined in the “Contact Us” section below. Please note that we may ask you or your agent to provide us with additional information to confirm your identity.
You may also opt out of “sharing” of personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising by clicking on the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the footer of this website and following the instructions. Where required, we also honor requests to opt out submitted via privacy preference signals recognized under applicable law, such as the Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) or any other types of Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals.
If you submit a request to exercise one of the above rights and you disagree with our decision regarding your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision under applicable law. To do so, please reply to our response.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
The personal information that we’ve collected in the past 12 months fall into the following categories specifically established under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (the CCPA):
Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, and email address.
Information under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e), such as your name, address, telephone number, or any financial information.
Commercial information, such as information related to products or services you’ve purchased.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such information regarding your interaction with the Datadog Products.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as audio recordings of calls with you.
Inferences drawn on the information above, such as aggregated metrics.
Account log-in or credit card number in combination with your credentials allowing access to your account.
For more information about the categories of personal information we collect, please see the “Personal Information We Collect” section above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose
The personal information that we’ve disclosed for a business purpose (including to our service providers) in the past 12 months fall into the following categories specifically established under the CCPA:
Identifiers such as a real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, and email address.
Information under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.80(e), such as your name, address, telephone number, or any financial information.
Commercial information, such as information related to products or services you’ve purchased.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such information regarding your interaction with the Datadog Products.
Geolocation data.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as audio recordings of calls with you.
Inferences drawn on the information above, such as aggregated metrics.
Account log-in or credit card number in combination with your credentials allowing access to your account.
For more information about the categories of personal information we disclose to other parties, including to our service providers, please see the “How We Share Personal Information” section above.
Categories of Personal Information Shared for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising
The personal information that we’ve shared with our advertising partners for cross-context behavioral advertising in the past 12 months fall into the following categories specifically established under the CCPA:
Identifiers such as a real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, and email address.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, such information regarding your interaction with the Datadog Products.
Geolocation data.
Inferences drawn on the information above, such as aggregated metrics.
Sensitive Personal Information
We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than permitted under applicable law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. The date at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Datadog, Inc., 620 8th Avenue, Floor 45, New York, NY 10018; or
privacy@datadoghq.com
.
We have appointed Datadog Ireland Limited as Datadog’s EU representative under Article 27 of the GDPR. You may contact our EU representative at
privacy@datadoghq.com
.
*
First Name*
*
Last Name*
*
Business Email*
*
Company*
*
Job Title*
*
Phone Number
*
How are you currently monitoring your infrastructure and applications?
By submitting this form, you agree to the
Privacy Policy
and
Cookie Policy.
Request a Demo
I'd like Datadog to share the latest news about Datadog services and related offerings with me by email or telephone. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions in the communications received from Datadog.
Get Started with Datadog
×
Sub-policy 3
https://www.iubenda.com/en/privacy-and-cookie-policy-generator:
×
Notice
We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for other purposes as specified in the
cookie policy
.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button or close this notice to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
×
The easiest way to
get Google Consent Mode
. Start measuring Google Analytics traffic and Google Ads conversions even when the consent banner is rejected.
Set up Google Consent Mode
Set up Google Consent Mode
×
IUBENDA PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY GENERATOR
The solution to draft, update and maintain your Privacy and Cookie Policy
for GDPR
FOR CPRA
for LGPD
for FADP
Easily generate and manage a Privacy and Cookie Policy that is professional, self-updating and customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages, drafted by an international legal team and up to date with the main international legislations.
Features
Legal overview
Pricing
Not sure what you need?
Getting started guide
Start generating
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
Watch our video overview
It's a requirement
Most countries have privacy laws that require you to include a
privacy policy
. iubenda makes it easy to comply with legal requirements across multiple countries' legislations (including the GDPR).
Policies are invalid if they're missing the right information
In order to be compliant, your policy must describe the personal data collected and the purposes of their collection and list all the third parties the data is shared with.
"Is my legislation covered?"
We make every effort to cover every country’s laws by adopting the strictest data privacy guidelines implemented in each country. We also regularly monitor all major global privacy laws (including the GDPR, the US's CPRA (CCPA amendment) & CalOPPA, the ePrivacy and Australia's APPs) to ensure that our solutions continue to meet necessary requirements.
Full legal overview
How it works
1. Customize
Create your Privacy and Cookie Policy by customizing from 2000+ clauses or by adding your own custom legal text. Our solution will guide you through.
Some popular clauses:
Google Analytics
Google AdSense
Facebook conversion tracking
Newsletter
2. Integrate easily
Integrate with your site or app by using one of our widgets or by integrating straight into the body via JS or API. The policy is hosted on our servers so that both you and our international legal team can keep it updated.
5 reasons why we host your policy
3. Manage and auto-update
Need to add a new analytics service or advertising network to your policy? Launching a newsletter or expanding to a new language? Use our dashboard to make changes in one click, while relying on our legal team pushing updates when the law changes.
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator for the GDPR, ePrivacy and CPRA
We help you meet complex legislation-specific requirements at the click of a button.
For the GDPR and ePrivacy (EU Cookie Law)
More on 360° GDPR Compliance
The GDPR can apply to you whether or not you reside in the EU or have EU users and consequences of non-compliance can be quite serious. Our
generator
takes the guesswork out of compliance and allows you to create GDPR and
ePrivacy
compliant Privacy and Cookie Policies in minutes!
Displaying GDPR related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Readily accessible from every page of your site (as legally required)
Seamless integration with the Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution for IAB integrated Cookie consent management once activated within the generator + more
For the CPRA
More on 360° US Compliance
The often compared to the EU's GDPR, the Californian Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA/CPRA) grants additional rights to Californian consumers and places several new requirements on businesses, including disclosure and
opt-out requirements
. Our solution makes it easy for you to create CPRA (
CCPA amendments
) Compliant Privacy Policies by:
Displaying CPRA (CCPA amendment) related language, disclosures, and instructions as legally required
Indicating services active on your site which might constitute a sale under the CPRA (CCPA amendment) definition (as legally required)
Automatically updating your embedded privacy policy with the CPRA (CCPA amendment) text once activated within the generator — no need to re-integrate the code on your site
Features and benefits
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customizable
Choose from 2000+ pre-crafted clauses in up to 27 languages or, if you can't find what you're looking for, add your own custom clauses using the built-in form or place a request. You can even add a cookie policy in just one click.
GDPR, CPRA and LGPD ready
All of iubenda's documents help you comply with international laws like the GDPR, ePrivacy, CPRA, and
LGPD
.
Self-updating
Our team of lawyers constantly work to keep your documents up-to-date with the main international legislations, to notify you of major upcoming changes and to present you with one-click solutions.
Customize from 2000+ clauses
The quality of an international legal team at the convenience of an online software solution
Updated when the law changes
Generate in up to 27 languages
White label
A dashboard to manage and make changes
App developer? We're optimized for the mobile store specific requirements
Redesigned legal documents for increased transparency, understanding, and clarity
Site scanner to auto-detect services in use on your website
Explore all features and benefits
Trusted by over 140,000 clients in 100+ countries
“If you, like me, are part of a smart team and hate updating your privacy policy every time you add some code to your site, then iubenda is for you. It's ridiculously affordable, and super easy to use.”
Start generating
TRY BEFORE YOU BUY or STAY WITH THE FREE OPTION
3114216 self-updating documents already generated
FAQ
Should my email newsletters contain a privacy policy?
Yes. Email newsletters should contain a reference to your
privacy policy
. You must also show a link to your privacy policy when users subscribe to your newsletter in order to inform the user about your data use/collection practices.
More on newsletter legal requirements
Can I just copy and paste the generated legal text?
From time to time laws and third-party requirements are amended and updated; it's important to ensure that your policies meet these latest requirements. For this reason, we use embedding and NOT copy & paste. With this method, you can rest assured that your policy is up to date and being maintained remotely by our legal team.
More on why we host your documents
Documentation and Guides
Getting Started Guide
How to Generate a Policy
Mobile Guide
Email/Newsletter Guide
See all Guides
Not sure what you need?
Read our
Getting Started Guide
Chat with us live
or
contact support
Or join us at
our next webinar
to get an overview of the legal requirements and ask live questions
All our products are
WCAG Level AAA Compliant
Part of a 360° compliance solution
A complete set of solutions to make your website or app compliant with the law, across multiple languages and legislations
Overview
Pricing
For websites/apps
Privacy and Cookie Policy Generator
Create your privacy and cookie policy in minutes.
Customizable from 2000+ clauses, available in up to 27 languages and automatically updated if the law changes, our generator allows you to create a legal document in minutes and seamlessly integrate it with your website or app.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution
Manage consent preferences for the ePrivacy, GDPR, CPRA (CCPA amendment) and LGPD. Integrated with the IAB TCF and CCPA Compliance Framework.
Our solution allows you to display a fully customizable cookie banner/consent banner, collect cookie consent, implement prior blocking (including auto-blocking), set advertising preferences, and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
iubenda is a Google certified CMP with TCF and Google Consent Mode support
For websites/apps
Terms and Conditions Generator
Create your terms and conditions in minutes.
Customizable from hundreds of combinations, available in up to 15 languages, powerful and precise — our solution is capable of handling even the most complex, individual scenarios. Optimized for e-commerce, marketplace, SaaS, apps and more.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For organizations
Whistleblowing Management Tool
Provide an easy-to-use internal reporting channel as required by the EU Whistleblower Directive for organizations with 50+ employees. Instantly generate your forms to embed or print.
Collect and manage whistleblower reports from employees and other individuals connected to your organization while safeguarding their identities and ensuring confidentiality. Tailored for EU businesses and global organizations dedicated to ethical transparency.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Consent Database
Collect GDPR & LGPD consent, document opt-ins and
CPRA (CCPA amendment) opt-outs
via your web forms.
Our solution smoothly integrates with your consent collection forms, syncs with your legal documents and includes a user-friendly dashboard for reviewing consent records of your activities.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
For websites/apps
For organizations
Register of Data Processing Activities
Document all the data processing activity within your organization.
To comply with privacy laws, and particularly the GDPR, companies need to record how they store and use the data they collect from their users. Our solution allows you to easily document all the data processing activities within your organization.
Explore
Features
Documentation and guides
Enterprise
Hundreds of enterprises rely on iubenda for their online compliance throughout multiple properties and legislations.
Get in touch
Looking for custom documents?
Our international network of lawyers can provide you with tailored documents and a full compliance review.
Get in touch
Become a Certified Partner
iubenda's Partner Program is designed for agencies and web professionals seeking to expand their expertise and assist their clients in making their websites, apps and data processing activities compliant with the law.
More on the partner program →
;
Content is blocked
You denied the use of cookies or similar technologies for the purpose of functionality. To view this content, please update your consent preferences.