Privacy Policy
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Bobcat Games
(“
Bobcat
”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) is a global provider of enterprise email and cross-channel campaign management technologies and services which enable our Customers to communicate effectively with their customers and subscribers across engagement contexts.
What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy addresses the information we collect and use in connection with our email and cross-channel campaign management platforms and services (collectively “Services”), including the information we receive from customer-designated websites or media properties through hosted forms, Application Programming Interfaces (API) and similar integrations (collectively, the “Third Party Sites”). The collection of information on Third Party Sites and their use and disclosure of such information is subject to their own individual privacy policies.
For information about our privacy practices as they related to our corporate website,
Bobcat Games
, please refer to the
Website Privacy Notice
To learn how
Bobcat Games
meets the requirements of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), please visit our
GDPR Statement
To learn more about our firm commitment to not providing products or services used for sending unsolicited commercial electronic messages ('spam'), please refer to the
Global Anti-Spam Policy
.
For visitors to our Websites and recipients of our Customers’ electronic communications, please refer to our
Cookie Notice
and
Message Recipient
privacy guides.
Our Commitments and Adherence
Bobcat Games
supports initiatives of greater transparency and accountability within the digital marketing ecosystem, and adheres to the following industry self-regulatory codes of conduct.
The Digital Advertising Alliance. As a cross-channel marketing service provider we support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising set forth by the U.S.-based Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).
Bobcat Games
Customers subscribe to the
DAA opt-out platform
which offers U.S. consumers choices to opt-out from behavioral (interest-based) advertising. For more information please follow this link to
www.AboutAds.info
The Data & Marketing Association.
Bobcat Games
adheres to the
Guidelines for Ethical Business Practice
set forth by the U.S.-based Data & Marketing Association (“DMA”). We and our corporate Customers honor consumer choices relating to the email marketing offers they may receive. Please visit the DMA for
more information
about their self-regulatory program.
The Email Sender & Provider Coalition.
Bobcat Games
is a member of the ESPC and signs on to the
ESPC Email Marketing Pledge
. We endorse the ESPC’s permission-based principles articulated in the
ESPC Email Marketing Best Practices Guide
.
Bobcat
Messaging Services Overview
Bobcat Games
’s email and cross-channel campaign management platforms ingest and consolidate data from a variety of online and mobile sources to build marketing audiences and profiles. We then help our Customers orchestrate data-driven, personalized electronic communications that can be planned or triggered in real time. For example, if you visit a Customer website to buy jeans but leave before making a purchase, you may later receive an email reminding you about the event. As a permission-based marketing service provider we take consumer privacy seriously and offer Customers ways to meet their obligations under applicable privacy laws and marketing regulations.
Bobcat Games
acts as a data processor at the direction of marketers who purchase our products and services for their use (“Customers”). We do not have a direct relationship with consumers or other message end recipients (“You”, “Data Subjects”), as we work in coordination with marketers, agencies and advertisers to help facilitate data-driven marketing. This Privacy Policy describes how we may "Process" various types of Personal Data while providing our Services. "Processing" can mean a variety of operations performed on Personal Data, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. This Privacy Policy also assists our Customers with their transparency and accountability obligations to Data Subjects.
Types of Personal Data We Process
Bobcat Games
Processes the following types of Personal Data on behalf of our Customers in accordance with our Services:
Directly identifiable information (also known as personally identifiable information) such as your name, email address, phone number, and postal address, which enable a variety of direct marketing and non-marketing communications
De-identified website visitor and email behavioral data (including mobile websites) collected via placement of cookie and cookie-like technology by
Bobcat Games
or the Customer’s third-party analytics providers to measure the effectiveness of our Customers’ engagements
Demographic and preference information such as your gender, age, favorite store location, shopping and lifestyle interests, which are used for segmentation and personalization purposes
Pseudonymous online identifiers such as your IP address, Cookie ID, mobile device identifiers (Apple ID, Google Ad ID), and related technical data about the browser or device which helps bring together the various data points
Other linked or linkable data which helps Customers create a unified view of their customers and to deliver optimized content using our Services
Personal Data Collection
As various laws define personally identifiable information differently, we endeavor to comply with the highest applicable protections applicable to us, notably the EU data protection and privacy laws (e.g. the EU General Data Protection Regulation). We expect our Customers to comply with the respective laws of the location in which personal data is collected for use with our Services.
We do not intentionally collect or receive, or otherwise Process, personal data that is especially sensitive, but may be asked to do so by select Customers. This includes information that specifically identifies or relates to minors; information which reveals an individual's religious and political affiliations, racial and ethnic origins, sexual preferences and orientation; health related data, biometric and genetic data; information payment card industry data, and credit-worthiness information, among others. If asked to Process such data, we will act in accordance with the heightened data protection and privacy requirements set out under applicable laws, rules, and industry standards.
De-Identified Data Collection
Through the implementation of
Bobcat Games
pixel tags and similar technologies that our Customers place on their standard and mobile websites, or within email messages,
Bobcat
places a cookie on your browser, or collects a unique identifier from your mobile device, as directed. The type of information collected through the placement of the pixel may include other commonly associated information from your device or Internet access, such as your IP address, browser type, Operating System (OS), HTTP referrer, event time and event type. These data elements may be unique to the website you recently visited, ad you viewed, or marketing email you interacted with.
Cross-Channel and Cross-Device Data Collection
In order to help our Customers orchestrate the most relevant campaigns possible,
Bobcat Games
offers email retargeting and email reactivation capabilities. These capabilities help marketers engage website and shopping cart abandoners with timely and relevant incentives, reactivate legacy email subscribers, and target engaged email audiences online with interest-based display, mobile or social ads. When using our Services, Customers are thus able to synchronize personal information with other unique non-personal identifiers, such as cookie, for a variety of marketing and analytics uses.
For example, if you click-through an email that
Bobcat Games
helped facilitate on your smartphone, you may see a similar ad on a standard website or within a social media application, or embedded within a personalized email offer. Please see below for more information on the technologies driving these capabilities and your choices for continued tracking.
Grounds for Using Your Personal Data
When providing access to our platforms and delivering Services,
Bobcat Games
acts a Data Processor and relies on the following lawful grounds to Process Personal Data:
Legitimate business interests. We may use Personal Data for our legitimate business interests to administer our platforms, ensure the integrity of our transmission network, and to enforce our Acceptable Use Policy
Data Subject Consent. To the extent Customers need to collect and share, or allow us to facilitate collection and sharing of Personal Data to enable our Services, it is the responsibility of Customers to provide necessary privacy notices and obtain required consent(s).
Data Management and Integration Technology
Bobcat Games
Services enable our Customers to collect, manage and integrate a variety of data from the digital properties they own, the web pages and forms we may host on their behalf, and from third party partners Customers may choose to work with.
Our technology empowers marketers to collect and integrate data from outside sources through multiple points of entry, including API calls, webforms, manual uploads and secure file transfers, among others. Available data ingestion methods include batch import and HTTP posting, complemented by standard, sequential and advanced data loading capabilities. As such, Customer databases (and recipient profiles) are frequently updated with new personal and non-personal information.
Bobcat Games
has no means to independently embed our forms and technologies into Customers’ digital properties without their direction.
We use commercially reasonable means to secure these data points of entry.
APIs we offer our Customers
Bobcat Games
offers our Customers a variety of Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) to simplify or automate how they use the platform for a variety of processing activities. For example, our Advanced Data Load Endpoint allows a single API request to load data into multiple joint tables simultaneously, rather than sequentially.
Personal and non-personal information submission: Customers may use APIs to submit records containing personal and associated data (as described above) into their marketing databases. Our APIs accommodate a number of industry standard web communication channels and data loading techniques, including via HTTP-based webform submissions, batch data imports and sequential data loading services.
API endpoint security: Data we collect on behalf of our Customers through API endpoints is secured through commercially reasonable technical and administrative means. Generally, our API endpoints are built in a manner that imposes a set of constraints on how data may be submitted to the system. For example, if you wish to submit personal data via a URL, you would specify for the connection to be secured using SSL encryption and the data transmitted over HTTPS.
Endpoints that support JSON and XML data objects are secured using a two-step security validation process. We use an industry standard protocol to authenticate requests to access available services.  We then validate whether the requestor has the proper rights and privileges to the service being requested. Unauthorized users will be denied the ability to submit data using such endpoints.
Web pages and forms we host for our Customers
Bobcat Games
provides web page hosting for our Customers’ for their convenience. Hosted services facilitate email subscription, preference management, refer-a-friend, sweepstakes, and on-demand content fulfillment information (e.g. coupons and real-time offers). Our privacy and security practices with respect to these hosted pages are:
Personal data collection and use
When hosting forms and providing data collection tools to our Customers
Bobcat Games
acts as a 'pipe' and underlying technology provider allowing Customers to load personal data directly into their
Bobcat Games
marketing databases. As data processor, the personal data that we collect on behalf of our Customers is the exclusive property of the Customer that is branded on the web page. Web pages we host on the Customer's behalf will include links to their website and privacy notices providing information on the Customer’s privacy and data security practices.
A special note about Refer-a-Friend (RAF) services: We offer our Customers the ability for recipients to use a web form we host on their behalf to forward an email message to another recipient. Referrals of this nature are sent similarly to any other commercial message a Customer would send through our Services with all of the applicable tracking technology referenced above.
In accordance with international privacy laws and business policy, we collect referral email addresses only to process the message transaction. Neither we nor our Customers may use the referral email address for any purpose other than to execute the requested email transmission on behalf of the forwarder. Since email forwarding may be restricted by law or otherwise impractical in some jurisdictions, Customers are responsible for ensuring compliance wherever this service is offered.
In special circumstances, we may host this transmission request for a specified period of time in order to monitor delivery or deliver subsequently requested email referrals.
If you believe that an email sent through a RAF web page we host was sent to you incorrectly,
please email us
with the message in question and its full transmission header.
De-identified and non-personal data collection and use: Web pages we host may include use of all of the de-identified, pseudonymous and non-personal information collection technologies described above.
Hosted web page security: Data we collect on behalf of our Customers is held in a secure environment, with restricted user access, and managed by a team of experienced system administrators. The pages we host on our Customers’ behalf are encrypted with SSL and certified by a third party security provider, Once we collect information through a hosted web page on our Customers' behalf, the Customers will have immediate access to this data for their own purposes. While we maintain privacy and data security processes for information we host through our Services, we are not responsible for such practices for information hosted by our Customers. If you have questions or concerns about our Customers' privacy practices or representations, please communicate directly with the Customer.
Performance and Personalization Technology
Email-related cookies
As part of our Services we may set cookies associated with pixel tags for (i) web pages we develop and host on behalf of Customers, or (ii) where authorized by a Customer within their email messages and on their own websites.
Cookies may be downloaded from our web servers and stored locally on an email recipient's computer. Information on the cookie is then referenced by the web browser in conjunction with specific web-enabled email or visited web pages. This cookie responds to a web server with information about how the email recipient engaged with the email or web pages (i.e., open, click-through, image download, etc). An example of this occurs when Customers track email users' visits to a website and any subsequent online sales that could be correlated with the email recipient.
In addition to engagement tracking, our cookies enable our Customers to provide website and email personalization services for their email subscribers, customers, or registered website visitors. This requires us to connect email and website visitor activity with previously provided information in order to offer personalization, web form pre-population and closer relevance of our Customers' email marketing efforts.
The cookies we attempt to set do not contain any directly identifiable personal data such as name or email address in the cookie itself, but pseudonymous identifiers such as a cookie ID may be utilized for performance tracking purposes.
The cookies that
Bobcat Games
sets are configured to expire, generally after 7 days, but the expiration period can be longer.
Bobcat Games
cookies are re-authenticated for incremental 7-day, or greater, periods when a Customer's customer opens an email or clicks through an email to a URL embedded into the email. Otherwise, they expire.
How you can control email-related cookies:
All Internet browsers can be set to notify you before you receive a cookie and give you control over whether or not you choose to accept any particular cookies. You have the option of setting your browser to turn off cookies or restrict cookie delivery to particular websites.
Emails sent by
Bobcat Games
as well as our hosted web pages can be viewed irrespective of our use of cookies. If you do not enable images or click on any links within our Customer emails, then you can avoid any related cookies.
Please visit
Cookiepedia
for more information about how to delete and control cookies.
At this time, we do not respond to 'do not track' browser signals.
Please note that our platforms do not read, store or otherwise interact with cookies placed by other firms on sites where
Bobcat Games
may place a cookie. As such, we are not responsible for tracking technologies placed on Customer websites by Customers or their other adtech service providers.
Email-related pixel tags (aka web beacons)
A pixel tag is an invisible image with a line of code, also called a clear gif, which is placed within an email message in the same way as on a web page. The reasons for use of a pixel tag in an HTML email message include:
To sense whether an email recipient can receive html email or only receive text email.
To detect whether the email recipient has opened the message, and whether that email message was opened successive times.
To help activate a cookie and integrate web activity with email activity.
Please note that pixel tags do not create, modify or delete files on a user's machine. They are not executable and cannot be used to deliver dangerous content, such as a virus. Rather, pixel tags help our Customers identify particular email recipients, who can then be sent more relevant email content in the future.
Message 'click-through' monitoring
Nearly every email sent through our systems includes a hyperlink to another website. Our Customers have the ability to track whether that hyperlink has been clicked on and whether that link was clicked on successive times. Customers can then determine the success of their email campaigns and tailor future messaging to recipients based on the relevancy of that 'click-through' activity. When links are clicked on, additional pixel tags attempt to activate cookies to help measure the effectiveness of the email campaign.
User-initiated message forwarding
We may also collect anonymous tracking information with email messages 'forwarded' from a recipient within their own email software or webmail service to another user. Examples of information collected may include the number of times the message was forwarded, the number of times the forwarded message was opened, and the click-through activity within those forwarded messages. No identifiable personal data concerning a natural personal is collected with email messages forwarded by a recipient through this process.
Access and Your Privacy Rights
Bobcat Games
respects and acknowledges that individuals frequently desire to access their personal information, or make other requests regarding their personal rights. However, we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process on behalf of our corporate customers. An individual who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request Processing restrictions, object to Processing, or delete Personal Data or exercise a right of portability should direct his or her query to the respective
Bobcat Games
Customer. If requested by a Customer to provide assistance with such requests, we will respond within 30 days.
If you have any questions about our ingestion and use of your personal data when delivering our Services, please
email us
. If you are unable to obtain the information or resolution you seek, you may also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
With respect to the emails sent by our Customers, message recipients may object to the processing of their personal data for electronic marketing uses by opting out (unsubscribing) using the unsubscribe mechanisms available within the email and text messages sent using our platforms. You may also
email us
to lodge a spam complaint. For more information about our permission-based standards, please refer to our
Global Anti-Spam Policy
and
Message Recipient Guide.
Data Security and Retention
The security of your information is important to us. Your information is maintained in a secure environment and we take appropriate steps to protect against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your data in our care. We employ strict controls around employee access to the personal data in our care based on business need and use cases which warrant access.
We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our systems and services processing your personal information. In the event of a physical or technical incident, we will restore the availability and access to information in a timely manner. If you have questions about the security of your personal data, please contact us as described below.
We will retain the personal data provided to us by our customers or that we collect on behalf of our customers for the length of time needed to fulfill our services as discussed in this Privacy Policy. This is usually for the life of our Service contract unless a shorter retention period is requested by the customer.
International Data Transfers
We maintain facilities and offices around the world, including in the United States, the European Union, and Japan. Your personal data may be transferred to, stored, or processed outside of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially volunteered the information.
As a global marketing technology and services provider working on behalf of our international Customers, we take many steps to protect the personal data in our care, including offering contractual assurances to this effect. Should the relationship with one of our group companies, Customers or partners involve cross-border data flows outside the European Economic Area, we shall formally undertake to comply with the highest data protection standards, notably by adhering to the
Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission
and related requirements under EU data protection and privacy laws.
Links
Our web content and corporate communications may contain links to other sites.
Bobcat Games
is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites. We recommend users read the privacy statements of each linked website.
Notification of Changes to this Policy
If we decide to change our website and tracking privacy practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time. If we make material changes to these statements, we will notify you on this page prior to the changes taking effect.
Get link
Facebook
X
Pinterest
Email
Other Apps
Comments
Many songs are not connected. why?
Reply
Delete
Replies
Reply
Add comment
Load more...
Post a Comment
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.cheetahdigital.com/website-privacy-policy:
FEATURED: Get the 2025 Consumer Trends Index Report.
READ MORE
Skip to content
Solutions
Customer Engagement Suite
Marigold Engagement Data Platform
Marigold Grow
Cheetah Digital by Marigold
Marigold Personalization
Marigold Loyalty
Featured
Smartbox Group Boosts Marketing Reach & Loyalty
Read More
Resources
Blog
Client Stories
Ebooks & Papers
Podcasts & Videos
Product Collateral
Research & Reports
Signals Hub
Webinars
Featured
The 2025 Consumer Trends Index Report
Insights from 20,000 consumers on marketing channel engagement, loyalty program preferences, purchase drivers, and data privacy.
Read More
Industries
CPG/FMCG
Financial Services
Restaurants
Retail
Travel & Hospitality
Featured
How Consumers Really Feel About Data, Privacy and Personalization
Marketers cannot afford to be out of touch. Learn how consumers feel about cookie tracking,…
Read More
Company
About Us
People
Philosophy
Capabilities
Partners
Analyst Recognition
Login & Support
Login & Support
Cheetah Digital by Marigold
Cheetah Digital by Marigold : Email
CES Help Center
Learning
Talk to an expert
Website Privacy Notice
Effective: May 25, 2019
Updated: April 22, 2022
We at Cheetah Digital by Marigold , together with our subsidiaries and affiliates in the Marigold [
https://meetmarigold.com/
] family of brands and its affiliates, (“Marigold”, “Cheetah Digital by Marigold ” or “we” “us,” or “our”) are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who use any Marigold services (“Users”, “Customers”), are engaged by Customers via our services, and/or visit any of our websites (“Websites”) that link to this [Privacy Notice/Privacy Statement/Privacy Policy]. We may disclose your information to affiliates within Marigold for customer support, marketing, technical operations, and account management purposes.
Cheetah Digital by Marigold (“Cheetah”, “We”, “Us”, and “Our”) provides global marketing technology and loyalty program services which enable our Customers to centrally manage marketing data, orchestrate personalized electronic communications and gain actionable insights into their customer engagement across multiple channels.
This privacy notice applies solely to the information we collect and use on our corporate website,
www.cheetahdigital.com
, or other digital properties we own (collectively referred to as the “Website”). This Policy does not apply to our email, loyalty and cross-channel campaign management platforms (collectively, “Services”).
This notice explains how Cheetah Digital by Marigold collects, uses, shares and secures the personal data you provide on our Websites, as well as your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal data.
For information on our privacy practices as they related to our marketing platforms, please see our
Services Privacy Notice
To learn how Cheetah Digital by Marigold meets the requirements of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), please visit our
GDPR Statement
To learn more about our firm commitment to not providing software or services used for sending unsolicited commercial electronic messages (‘spam’), please refer to the
Global Anti-Spam Policy
.
To understand what cookie and cookie-like technologies we use with our Website, please visit our
Cookie Notice
. Recipients of our Customers’ electronic communications may find helpful our
Message Recipient Guide
.
Information We Collect and Use
We are the exclusive owner of information collected about you through our websites. We collect personal data you may volunteer to us while using the Website such as name, company, email address, and phone number. We may also collect personal data through our blog when you post a comment and when you interact with us through social media widgets (described below under “Social Media Features and Widgets”). You should be aware that any information you provide in these public areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal data from our blog or community forum, contact us at
privacy@cheetahdigital.com
. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal data, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
We collect this information and use it for internal business purposes and web operations and to engage with our Customers, prospective Customers and visitors to our websites. Before we use or otherwise process your personal data for any other reason, we will provide you information on that further processing and any other additional relevant information. As a permission-based marketing services provider, we detest ‘spam’.
If you visit our website and volunteer your email address, we will send you appropriate information at your request, such as a white paper. Additionally,
If you are our corporate Customer or are interested in becoming one, we may use the email address you volunteer to send you important information regarding our products and services, as well as promotions that we deem relevant.
If information requested is directed to a third-party-related interest, we may share the information with an appropriate third-party in order to fulfill the directed request.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at
privacy@cheetahdigital.com
. We will retain and use your information for our legitimate business interests to deliver our services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our contracts.
Grounds for Using Your Personal Data
When administering the website Cheetah Digital by Marigold acts a data controller relying on the following lawful grounds to collect and process your personal data:
Legitimate business interests. We may use your personal data for our legitimate business interests to improve our websites and content, and to optimize your experience. Consistent with our legitimate business interests and any choices that we offer or consents that may be required under applicable laws and regulations, we may use personal data and technical information for direct marketing.
Performance of contract. We need to collect and use your personal data to enter into a contract with you or to perform a contract that you have with us. For example, when you express interest in our services we will use the business contact information you provide to respond to your requests and provide you with such Services.
User Consent. We may use personal data described in this Privacy Policy subject to your consent. Notably and where required by applicable laws and regulations, we will rely on your consent for electronic marketing and personalization of message content, which may include collecting information from your mobile device or computer. You may withdraw your consent at any time using thing opt-out and preference management mechanisms provided within the message or by contacting us as described in this Privacy Policy. Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of consent-based processing before consent was withdrawn.
Information Sharing and Legal Notice
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities. These companies are authorized to use your personal data only as necessary to provide these services to us. These services may include fulfilling orders or purchases, payment processing, validating contact information, sending marketing communications, and providing cloud infrastructure.
From time to time we may also share your information with third party business partners, for instance, for the purpose of enhancing our products and services, or so that they may market their events, venues, products or services to you. If you do not want us to share your personal data with these companies, contact us at
privacy@cheetahdigital.com
.
In certain situations, Cheetah Digital by Marigold may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your personal data as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or properly respond to a government request.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, dissolution or sale of all or a portion of its assets, we reserve the right to transfer your personal data. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data.
Website Activity
We track visitors to our corporate website, as well as provide our platform Customers with services enabling additional website activity reporting. In addition to cookie and pixel tag uses we describe below, website visitor tracking also involves the automatic collection of web server log file data, including Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, web pages visited, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data, unique visitations, type of browser used, and other session-based activity. Web server log file information, by itself, is not linked to any personally identifiable information and is used to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Cheetah Digital by Marigold is not responsible for website activity monitoring on Customer websites, by Customers or any other third parties.
Client and Business Inquiry Communications
We reserve the right to moderate the content of respondent postings and publish the name and website of our blog respondents in association with their comments. We take no responsibility for the accuracy or other content with our respondent postings. If you believe a respondent comment is inappropriate or deserves further analysis by a corporate representative, please
contact us
.
In addition, we may occasionally send Customers or previous business inquiries, including blog respondents, email messages with product updates, educational events, or other important business related information. Each email includes an opportunity to unsubscribe from future messaging, or recipients can contact us directly through any of our
points of contact
or
send us an email
.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
We, our service providers, and/or non-affiliated third parties, may use “cookies” or similar technologies such as “pixel tags” on our digital properties. As described below, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies in order to analyze trends, administer the websites, track users’ movements around our digital properties, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We use these technologies with our website visitors in a de-identified fashion. We may also use third party analytics and marketing integration services such as those by Google, Salesforce and BrightFunnel to help us track and optimize our website performance and corporate marketing.
These third parties may also use both cookies and pixels to help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. These third parties are prohibited from using collected data for any purpose other than as a service provider to us. For more information on these partners’ privacy practices, you can refer to their specific privacy policies listed below:
Google
Salesforce
BrightFunnel
Please note that these terms do not refer to cookies enabled through Customer-access portals to our marketing platforms, nor Customer-specific applications through other domain names we may host on their behalf. For inquiries regarding Customer software access or Customer-specific uses of cookies, please contact your Customer services representative.
For more information about how we use cookies and similar technologies, please refer to our
Tracking Technology Guide
.
Social Media Features and Widgets
We use Social Media Features, including the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share button or similar interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address and other personal data including which page you are visiting on our site and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Refer to the below section covering online targeting to learn how you can limit such collection. For more information on the technologies used by these social networks, please refer to their specific privacy policies listed below:
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn
Twitter
If you provide us your personal data, we may use it to interact with you on these social networks. Our interactions with you would also be subject to that network’s privacy policy, terms of use, and your consent as appropriate.
Online and Targeted Advertising
While we do not do so at this time, we reserve the right to use cookies or similar technologies to serve online advertising on our websites and to identify unique customers or prior blog respondents. We may work with advertising partners to deliver targeted advertising related to Cheetah Digital by Marigold ‘s own products and services. To facilitate targeted advertising, we and our third-party partners may utilize “cookies” or equivalent identifiers (explained above) and other audience matching technologies. We use data elements from our corporate marketing databases to assist us in presenting appropriate offers to our prospective Customers.
We may also work with advertising networks, advertising exchanges, and/or other types of advertising technology providers such as Google to enable the delivery of relevant online targeted advertising to our corporate Customers’ customers while respecting consumer privacy and offering choices about participating in such activities.
In addition, third parties may collect data about browsing activities on our websites and other unrelated websites over time, for online targeted advertising purposes.
Our advertising partners may place a pixel tag or cookie on certain websites, such as a website registration page. This enables our partner companies to later display a relevant advertisement to you based on your website browsing behavior. This type of online, targeted advertising — known as “retargeting” — is used to re-engage consumers who previously visited a website. To measure the effectiveness of the online targeted advertising you see, we partner with companies to evaluate your interactions with the ads. Certain information may be collected and shared with these partners, including what ad you received, when you viewed it and whether you clicked on the ad.
You can opt-out of online targeted advertising from companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance program through the
DAA Consumer Choice page
, which is available in versions for desktop and mobile browsers. The DAA also offers a separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on mobile devices for online targeted advertising and other applicable uses. To exercise choice applicable to companies participating in this choice tool, you can install the DAA’s
AppChoices app
. European residents may opt-out of targeted advertising using the
IAB Europe opt-out platform
.
Please ensure you review the opt-out choices available to you within the applicable policies on other Cheetah Digital by Marigold owned, affiliated, or operated websites.
Website Security and Retention
Safeguarding the personal data you give us or we receive about you is important to us. Your information is maintained in a secure environment, and our team of security professionals continually monitors our web interface touch-points to detect and thwart any attempts at unwanted intrusion. Cheetah Digital by Marigold takes appropriate security measures to protect against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your information.
We take commercially reasonable steps to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our systems and services processing your personal data.
We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Access and Your Privacy Rights
If you are our Customer or prospect, you may access, correct or request deletion of your personal data. If your business contact information changes, or if you would like to modify or remove your details, or to exercise your other rights, please contact your Customer Services representative or contact us using the information described below.
Cheetah Digital by Marigold respects and acknowledges that individuals frequently desire to access their personal information, or make other requests regarding their personal rights. However, we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process on behalf of our Customers. An individual consumer who seeks access to personal data concerning them, or who seeks to correct, amend, request processing restrictions, object to processing, or delete personal data or exercise a right of portability should direct his or her query to the respective Cheetah Digital by Marigold Customers. If requested by a Customer to provide assistance with such requests, we will respond within 30 days.
If you have any questions about our collection and use of your personal data, please contact us at
privacy@cheetahdigital.com
.
International Data Transfers
We maintain facilities and offices around the world, including in the United States, the UK, France, Germany, Australia and Japan. Your personal data may be transferred to, stored, or processed outside of your country or the country in which you were located when you initially volunteered the information.
As a global marketing technology and services provider working on behalf of our international Customers, we take many steps to protect the personal data in our care, including offering contractual assurances to this effect. Should the relationship with one of our group companies, Customers or partners involve cross-border data flows outside the European Union, we shall formally undertake to comply with the best data protection standards by adhering to the
Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission
.
Links
Our web content and corporate communications may contain links to other sites. Cheetah Digital by Marigold is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites. We recommend users read the privacy statements of each linked website.
Notification of Changes to This Policy
If we decide to change our website and tracking privacy practices, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time. If we make material changes to these statements, we will notify you on this page prior to the changes taking effect.
Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy or practices to us at:
Cheetah Digital by Marigold
Attention: Privacy
72 W Adams St,
Chicago, IL 60603
Email
Or contact us using this online
form
If you wish to escalate your inquiry after contacting the privacy team, you are welcome to contact our Data Protection Officer, ePrivacy GmbH, at
dpo@cheetahdigital.com
.
ePrivacy GmbH
Represented by: Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Große Bleichen 21
20354 Hamburg
Sitz Hamburg
HRB118163
Complaints
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our or our Customers’ collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local authority (contact details for data protection authorities in the European territories are available
here
).Open configuration options
Cookie Preferences
Scroll to Top