Just Draw It! Privacy Policy
Effective: May 10, 2020
Just Draw It! is a route planner and distance finder provided by Lapaca Devs. We take your
        privacy seriously and have created this Privacy Policy to outline how we handle your
        information while using our app Just Draw It!.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, do not use the Just Draw It! app.
Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single
        person. We do not explicitly collect any personal information about you, your location, your
        name or any other information. Some services we use (Firebase, operated by Google) do
        collect some anonymous usage information and some general information about your device for
        bug reporting. There is no easy way that data can be linked to your device or your
        person.
Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any
        specific individual. We may collect and use non-personal information to provide you useful
        functions in our applications, mostly usability events to understand better how the app is
        used.
Contact Information
We do not collect any contact information unless you contact us directly by any of the
        communication channels we offer. We will use it to contact you for different reasons
        depending on the purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
        commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
        over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we
        cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our app, in case of an error in the app we
        collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
        This Log Data may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol ("IP")
        address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app, the time and date
        of your use it, and other statistics.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service
To provide the Service on our behalf
To perform Service-related services
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used
We want to inform Just Draw It! users that these third parties have access to your Personal
        Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However,
        they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Google Play Services
Firebase
AdMob
Graphhopper
Mapbox
Links to Other Sites
This application may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you
        will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us.
        Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no
        control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices
        of any third-party sites or services.
Advertising
We uses Google's mobile advertising platform Admob in free version and fully complies with
        their privacy and the developer's policy. Admob uses Google's Advertising ID API to provide
        adverts to you. These adverts can include targeted ones. You can access settings related to
        advertising under Google settings app on your phone. Those settings enabled and controlled
        by Google. You can read it
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies
and
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
Changes
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
        periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
        Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this
        page.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us via
lapacadevs@gmail.com
© Lapaca Devs. All rights reserved.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms