Privacy Policy and Statement
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites, and links from this website to external websites are clearly identifiable as such.
We fully respect your right to privacy and will not collect or use any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission.  Your submission of any personal data constitutes your permission.
			This website uses cookies. Our policy regarding the collection of cookies by this website is available to read here.
Other than the use of cookies, Univate Learning does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer.
			We may collect the following data on this website:
Names, Email addresses, Dates of Birth, Phone number, visa status and support evidencing same, PPS numbers, CV, employment histories and bank account information.
In each case your data is stored securely through systems and processes that are designed with privacy in mind.
We will only use this data for the purpose for which you provided it including to keep you informed about the services for which you have subscribed and any related communications required to fulfil the service for which you have signed up.
We may also use this data for statistical purposes that allow us to manage our business.
We never share or sell this information except with partners so that we may process payments and payroll. You can email us at any time to request that we remove any and all of your data at any time. Such emails should be sent to info@univate.ie
You are entitled to a copy of your personal data which you may have supplied via this website.
If your personal data held by us is inaccurate or out of date you can request us to correct it.
If you would like us to delete your personal data, you can request us to do so.
You are entitled to request a restriction of processing of your personal data.
You are entitled to request data portability.
You are entitled to object to processing of personal data.
If you would like to request a copy of your personal data, rectify inaccurate data, request deletion of your personal data, restrict processing, request data portability, object, or have any queries relating to your personal data please contact us in writing or by email as follows:
Data Protection Officer, Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited), 34 Terenure Road East, Ratgar, Dublin 6, County Dublin or email info@Univate.ie
Please reference your letter or email ‘Website Data Subject Access Request’.
Your letter or email must contain your full name and telephone number – in the event we need to call you to discuss your request – and confirmation of the email address you supplied via the website. Please also include a copy of a suitable form of identification such as a Drivers Licence or passport.>
We will process your request as quickly as possible and within 30 days of receipt of the request.
Cookie Policy
What is a Cookie?
Our website may use cookie technology. A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file stored on your hard drive. It is generated by a web page server when you visit a website.
			The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the website. A cookie can be thought of as an Internet user’s identification card, which tells a website when the user has returned.
What is the purpose of a Cookie?
A cookie is used to make the browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable by saving your personal preferences for your return visit – for example, the language version of a website. Without cookies, it would be very difficult for a website to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping cart or to remember the user’s preferences or registration details for a future visit.
Websites often use cookies for the purposes of collecting demographic information about their users.
Cookies enable websites to monitor their users’ web surfing habits and profile them for marketing purposes (for example, to find out which products/services they are interested in and send them targeted advertisements).
			How we use Cookies?
First Party Cookies
This cookie stores the login details of our registered members so when they log out of our Member’s Area and come back another time our website will remember their password. This cookie is stored for 2 years from the last login date.
If you do not register for our Member’s Area then you will not have this first party cookie on your computer.
Read more about cookies and find out how to manage or disable them at www.aboutcookies.org
Access to and use of this website (The Services) is provided by Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) and subject to the following Terms of Use.
Please read this agreement carefully before accessing or using the service. By accessing or using the service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below. Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) may modify this agreement at any time, and such modifications shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement. Advertiser terms and conditions form part of our general terms for use of the Site.
Use of this site constitutes your acceptance of these terms which take effect on the date when you first use the site. Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) reserves the right to update the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. Users are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of this site after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of this agreement as modified by the posted changes.
The names, images and logos identifying Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) or related third parties and their products and services are proprietary marks of Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited).
			Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) is committed to safeguarding your privacy online.
If any of the Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) Services requires you to open an account, you must complete the registration process by providing us with current, complete and accurate information as prompted by the applicable registration form. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to notify Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) immediately of any unauthorised use of your account or any other breach of security. Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. However, you could be held liable for losses incurred by Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) or another party due to someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.
As a condition of your use of the Services, you will not use the Services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms of use. You may not use the Services in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) server. You may not attempt to gain unauthorised access to any Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) server or to any of the Services, through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the Services. Save as herein provided, you are prohibited from using or removing any content from the Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) site by any means for commercial purposes and from using the site for commercial purposes. Where such use of materials is desired the source must first be identified and written consent provided.
While using this website you may access third-party websites though links. Such third-party websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for the availability of such sites or their contents. Any links provided on the website are provided for your interest or convenience only and do not represent or imply any endorsement by us of such linked site and we cannot be held liable for any loss or damage which may arise from use of such third-party website or contracts entered into resulting from the use of such third-party websites. You acknowledge that the use of such third-party websites is governed by the terms and conditions of use applicable to such sites.
In no event will Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) be liable for any damages including, without limitation, indirect or consequential damages, or any damages whatsoever arising from use or loss of use, data, or profits, whether in action of contract or negligence, arising out of or in connection with the use of the site. No warranty is given that this web site shall be available on an uninterrupted basis, and no liability can be accepted in respect of losses or damages arising out of such unavailability. We accept no liability in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of this website. Access to and use of this website is at the userʼs own risk.
In order to service you as a client and potential candidate, we collect personal details from you. These details may include names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses, education, employment history, CVs and any other information required to provide you with services.
Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) collects and uses your personal information to deliver the candidate or job-seeking services you have requested. Your information will only be used for the purpose of matching your profile with potential job opportunities or candidates with your needs.
To provide you with an efficient service, this information may be shared by consultants working within the Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) Group. We may also disclose your information to contracted companies who act as "data processors" on our behalf. We only share information with third parties who help us in the delivery of our services to you. These third parties may not use that information for any purpose other than assisting us in providing these services. Any contact information that you provide through our system will not be sold/ rented/leased to any third party for the purpose of selling or marketing to you. We will only provide third party companies with the personal information they need to deliver the appropriate service.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. While Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) takes all due care in ensuring the privacy and integrity of the information that you provide, we recognise that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The possibility exists that this information could be unlawfully observed by a third party while in transit over the Internet or while stored on Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) systems. Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) accepts no liability should this occur.
We may provide links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Third party services and products advertised on this website are the responsibility of the third party and their inclusion on this website does not imply endorsement by Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited). Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) will not be liable for any damages or loss arising in any way out of or in connection with or incidental to any information or third party service provided.
We may use site tracking software to monitor traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the websites. This software does not enable us to capture any personal information.
By logging into your Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) account online, you may view, update or change your Univate Learning (Univate Learning Limited) account information or CV document at any time. You have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the information we hold about you and to correct any inaccuracies in your information. If you would like a copy of the information held on you or if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the address below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. Univate Learning 34 Terneure Road East, Ratgar, Dublin 6, County Dublin.
Our Privacy Statement may change from time to time and any changes to the statement will be posted on this page. This privacy policy was updated on January 25th 2020.