Products
Revolut <18 Account Terms
Download PDF
History
1. Why this information is important
This document sets out the terms and conditions for the use of Revolut <18  and other important things that you need to know about it. We call this document the Revolut <18 Terms.
To set up Revolut <18, you must have a Revolut Personal account. These Revolut <18 Terms apply on top of our
Personal Terms
when you choose to use Revolut <18, but our Personal Terms still apply as well. If there is any inconsistency between the Personal Terms and these Revolut <18 Terms, these Revolut <18 Terms will apply.
If you do choose to use Revolut <18, these Revolut <18 Terms will form part of the legal agreement between you (the account holder) and us (Revolut Ltd). There is no legal agreement between us and any Revolut <18 Users you allow to use your Revolut <18 account.
In these Revolut <18 Terms:
When we say “Lead Parent”, we mean the Revolut Personal account holder who originally set up the Revolut <18  account.
When we say “Co-Parent”, we mean any Revolut Personal account holder who the Lead Parent has selected to have certain limited access to the Revolut <18  account.
When we say "Revolut <18 User’', we mean any person who the Lead Parent has allowed to use the Revolut <18 account.
If the Lead Parent does not add a Co-Parent, any terms applying only to Co-Parents do not apply.
Where the same terms apply to both Lead Parents and Co-Parents alike, we just use the term “you”. Where terms apply to Lead Parents and not Co-Parents, or vice versa, we specify who we mean by “you” in these instances.
When we say the “Revolut app” in these Revolut <18 Terms, we mean the Revolut app that the Lead Parent uses to access their Personal account. When we say the “Revolut <18  app”, we mean the app that Revolut <18 Users use to access the Lead Parent’s Revolut <18  account. These are separate apps. You cannot access the Revolut <18 app and Revolut <18 Users cannot access the Revolut app.
You can ask for a copy of these Revolut <18 Terms through the Revolut app at any time.
2. What is Revolut <18?
Revolut <18 is designed for parents and guardians who want their children to gain ﬁnancial skills and to learn how to use and manage money. If you use Revolut <18 for something else, you may breach the Revolut <18 Terms.
A Revolut <18 account is a sub-account of the Lead Parent’s Revolut Personal account that they allow a Revolut <18 User to use. As it is a sub-account of the Lead Parent’s Personal account, the Lead Parent is responsible for everything a Revolut <18 User does using it as if they had done it themselves.
The Revolut <18 User can view any transactions made on the Revolut <18 account using the Revolut <18 app.
The Revolut <18 User will also be issued with a card linked to the account that they can use to spend and withdraw cash. They may be able to add it to Apple Pay or Google Pay as well (subject to Apple Pay or Google Pay’s terms and eligibility requirements).
Revolut <18 Users (who meet the minimum age requirements and subject to the Lead Parent’s approval) can also make transfers to other Revolut <18 Users (who meet the minimum age requirements) by using the Revolut <18 app (“Revolut <18 Payments”).
Revolut <18 Users cannot make any other kinds of transfers by using the Revolut <18 app.
The Lead Parent can send money to (and from) the Revolut <18 account, and keep track of how the Revolut <18 User is spending that money, using the Revolut app.
The Co-Parent can send money to the Revolut <18 account and keep track of how the Revolut <18 User is spending their money. However, the Co-Parent will not be able to withdraw that money once it has been sent to the Revolut <18 account. The Lead Parent can withdraw any money sent to the Revolut <18 account.
The Lead Parent or the Co-Parent can also control how Revolut <18 Users can use their card.
A Revolut <18 account and card can be used to spend the money in the Revolut <18 account. If your Revolut <18 User attempts a transaction using your Revolut <18 card and there are insuﬃcient funds in the Revolut <18 account then the transaction will be declined, even if there are suﬃcient funds in your Revolut Personal account (whether you are the Lead Parent or the Co-Parent).
Revolut <18 Payments
In some countries, there is a minimum age for Revolut <18 Payments. This means that a Revolut <18 User may meet the minimum age for the Revolut <18 account but may not be able to use Revolut <18 Payments. The minimum age for Revolut <18 Payments varies based on your country of residence. Please check our
FAQs
to get information on the minimum age for Revolut <18 Payments in your country.
To make and receive Revolut <18 Payments, both Revolut <18 Users must meet the minimum age requirements in their respective countries. If the Revolut <18 User wishes to make a Revolut <18 Payment, the first payment will require the Lead Parent’s approval. By approving the first payment to the other Revolut <18 User, the Lead Parent will also be approving all subsequent payments sent by the Revolut <18 User to the same Revolut <18 User. This means that if the Lead Parent rejects the first Revolut <18 Payment to another Revolut <18 User, subsequent Revolut <18 Payments to the same Revolut <18 User will not be allowed (until the Lead Parent has agreed to it).
Revolut <18 Users can make or receive Revolut <18 Payments only if the currency of the Lead Parent’s Personal account for both Revolut <18 Users is the same.
Revolut <18 payment links
Revolut <18 Users can receive money from other Revolut customers and non-Revout customers through a “payment link”. When a Revolut or Revolut <18 User receives a request to send money to a <18 User via a payment link, the money is sent via a transfer from their Revolut or Revolut <18 account (if eligible to send payments on Revolut <18).  If a non-Revolut customer receives a request to send money to an <18 User via payment link, they can do so via card payment.
The payment link feature is only available to the <18 User to receive money if the Lead Parent enables it in the Revolut app (the Lead Parent can also disable it at any time).
The “Send and receive money through a payment link” section of the Personal Terms (as it applies to “receiving” money through a payment link) and the above “Revolut <18 Payments” section of these Terms apply when this feature is enabled.
An <18 User can
only receive money
through a payment link if:
the feature is enabled by the Lead Parent in the Revolut app;
the <18 User and payer meet any minimum age requirements in their country; and
the amount is within the limit on how much money can be received into the <18 account (please see the “Are there any fees or limits on a Revolut <18 account?” section in these Terms).
<18 Users cannot use payment links to send money other than responding to a payment link request from another <18 User.
3. Who can use a Revolut <18 account?
The Lead Parent can create a Revolut <18 account at any time in the Revolut app. When you do so, you must nominate the Revolut <18 User who you are giving access to the account. If we ask, you also must provide us with the information we need to verify the identity of the Revolut <18 User. You can only give a person access as a Revolut <18 User if they are aged between 6 and 17 and you are their guardian or otherwise have legal responsibility for them.
You can create more than one Revolut <18 account, up to a maximum of five, depending on your plan. However, each Revolut <18 account can only have one Revolut <18 User linked to it, and the Revolut <18 User you nominate to have access to the account cannot be changed.
As mentioned above, the Lead Parent can also appoint a Co-Parent to have access to the Revolut <18 account. Each Revolut <18 account can have a maximum of one Co-Parent attached to it. The Lead Parent can remove the Co-Parent at any time and can replace the Co-Parent attached to a particular Revolut <18 account up to three times in one year.
If as the Lead Parent you have multiple Revolut <18 accounts, you can appoint different Co-Parents to those accounts. A Co-Parent can be attached to a maximum of five Revolut <18 accounts (whether in their capacity as a Lead Parent or Co-Parent).
4. Who is the legal owner of a Revolut <18 account and card?
This section only applies to Lead Parents.
As a Revolut <18 account is a sub-account of the Lead Parent’s Revolut Personal account, the Lead Parent is the legal owner of it. You, as the Lead Parent, are responsible for everything a Revolut <18 User does using your Revolut <18 account as if you had done it yourself.
This includes any Revolut <18 card. Each card issued for your Revolut <18 account is issued to you as the Lead Parent and you authorise your Revolut <18 User to use it on your behalf. You, as the Lead Parent, are responsible for it and everything a Revolut <18 User does using it as if you had done it yourself.
This also includes any Revolut <18 Payments. Each Revolut <18 Payment initiated by the Revolut <18 User is seen as a payment instruction from you, and each payment request made through a payment link from the Revolut <18 app is seen as a request from you.
Although we provide you as the Lead Parent with tools to assist you to control your Revolut <18 User's use of the Revolut <18 account and card (like preventing ATM withdrawals or online purchases, by adding or removing money, and enabling payment links), you remain responsible for that use.
Only you, as the Lead Parent, and we (Revolut Ltd) have rights under these Revolut <18 Terms. Revolut <18 Users do not. This agreement is personal to you and you cannot transfer any rights or obligations under it to anyone else.
5. What are my responsibilities?
This section only applies to Lead Parents.
As your Revolut <18  account’s legal owner, you, as Lead Parent, are responsible for it and all actions taken by your Revolut <18 User with it. We do not accept any liability for how or where the Revolut <18 card is used by your Revolut <18 User or for any Revolut <18 Payments . You are also responsible for:
explaining to your Revolut <18 User how to use your Revolut <18  account and card in line with these Revolut <18 Terms (and must do so before they start using it);
ensuring that your Revolut <18 User's use of your Revolut <18  account (for example, the things they buy with it) is acceptable to you;
ensuring that you have agreed to your Revolut <18 User’s use of the Revolut <18 Payments feature (if applicable) by approving the first and all subsequent transfers to the other Revolut <18 User;
ensuring that you only enable Revolut <18 payment links if you are happy for your <18 User to request payments from other Revolut and non-Revolut customers;
making sure that the money in the Revolut <18  account is suﬃcient  (but not excessive) for your Revolut <18 User and in line with the account limits on your Revolut <18  account;
keeping your Revolut <18  cards and their PINs and details safe, and freezing them and reporting them to us if they are lost or stolen; and
contacting us to resolve any issues with or ask questions about the account (customer support is not oﬀered in the Revolut <18 app).
Remember as Lead Parent, the rules on account, sending money and receiving money and card use set out in the Personal Terms apply to your Revolut <18  account as well because it is a sub-account of your Revolut Personal account. This means you are also responsible for ensuring that your and your Revolut <18 User's use of your Revolut <18  account is in line with those Personal Terms. If you have appointed a Co-Parent, you are also responsible for ensuring that their use of the Revolut <18  account is in line with the Personal Terms.
6. Who can use a Revolut <18 card and what for?
The Lead Parent can order one Revolut <18 card for each Revolut <18  account. This card must be used by, and only by, the Revolut <18 User you have nominated to have access to the account. The  Co-Parent cannot order any Revolut <18  cards.
The Revolut <18 card can be used like any other card (on your Revolut Personal account) to make purchases online or in person and to make ATM withdrawals. You, whether you are a Lead Parent or Co-Parent, can turn these features on and oﬀ from the Revolut app.
The Revolut <18 card may also be eligible for Apple or Google Pay (subject to Apple Pay or Google Pay’s terms and eligibility requirements ). This means that your Revolut <18 User may be able to use the card through their Apple or Android device, as well as just by using the physical card. Bear this in mind if you want to take your Revolut <18 User’s card away from them for any reason. We suggest you freeze the card in the Revolut app if you want to stop the Revolut <18 User from using it.
To make the Revolut <18 card as safe and secure as possible, we may block merchant types which we think aren't age appropriate for Revolut <18 Users. For example, we may block merchants who only sell cigarettes or gambling products. To do this, we rely on the merchant's registered business type (also known as an ‘MCC code’). We may modify our list of blocked MCC codes if we find that legitimate, age-appropriate purchases are consistently being blocked. We cannot ensure that all inappropriate purchases are blocked, for example if a merchant is selling a range of goods or has an inaccurate registered business type. If we block a merchant, you can't turn it back on.
7. Can I use Revolut <18  in more than one currency?
The Lead Parent can only open Revolut <18  accounts in the base currency of the Lead Parent’s  Revolut Personal account. This is normally the currency of the country of the address of the Lead Parent’s Revolut Personal account. The Lead Parent can only send money to Revolut <18  accounts in this currency. The Co-Parent can also only send money to the Revolut <18  account in the currency of the Lead Parent’s Personal account.
Revolut <18 Payments can only be made or received by your Revolut <18 User in the currency of the Lead Parent’s Personal account and only if the currency of the Lead Parent’s Personal account for both Revolut <18 Users is the same.
If you or your Revolut <18 User uses a Revolut <18  card to make a purchase in a currency other than your base currency (as the Lead Parent), we'll perform a currency conversion in the same way as we would for a transaction on your Revolut Personal account.
8. Are there any fees or limits on a Revolut <18 account?
It is free to create a Revolut <18  account.
The use of your Revolut <18 account is subject to the same fees as for your Revolut Personal account, other than the following exceptions:
Revolut <18 Card
If the Lead Parent orders a standard Revolut <18 card there is no card fee (first and replacement cards), but delivery fees may apply*.
If the Lead Parent wants to design and order a customised card (“Revolut <18 Custom Card”), we’ll tell you what fees apply before you order your card in the Revolut app. A customisation fee for a Revolut <18 Custom Card only applies if the Lead Parent is on the Standard plan. There is no customisation fee for a Revolut <18 Custom Card (first and replacement cards) if the Lead Parent is on the Plus, Premium, Metal or Ultra Plan. Card delivery fees may apply*. The Revolut <18 Customer Card is available subject to stock availability.
* Fees for card delivery are the fees that apply to the Lead Parent’s Personal account in line with your plan (see
Personal fees
). However, if the first Revolut <18 card (standard or custom) is ordered within 7 days of the Lead Parent opening their own Revolut Personal account, standard delivery of the Revolut <18 card is free. Express delivery may still be subject to a fee (we will tell you the fee in the Revolut app).
ATM Withdrawal Fees
The value of free ATM withdrawals allowed before a fee applies is less. ATM withdrawals are free on each individual Revolut <18 account up to £40 per rolling month. After that, a 2% fee applies.
Foreign Exchange Fees
The value of foreign exchange allowed before a high-frequency fee applies is less. A high-frequency fee will apply for any foreign exchange over £250 on each individual Revolut <18 account per rolling month.
Usage Limits
The use of your Revolut <18 account also has the following limits, which your Revolut Personal account does not. These limits apply to each individual Revolut <18 account separately, not across all your Revolut <18 accounts if you have more than one:
Only £6000 can be sent to a Revolut <18 account in any one year and only £5000 can be held in it at any one time.
Only £120 can be withdrawn at an ATM per day. Also, only 3 ATM withdrawals can be made per day, and 6 per week, in total.
Only £1000 can be spent by card per day and only 15 transactions can be made, per day.
Any other limits that apply will be shown in the Revolut app.
9. What happens if a Revolut <18 account balance is negative?
Just like your Revolut Personal account, Revolut <18  accounts are not designed to have a negative balance. However, this can happen (for example, because there isn’t sufficient money to cover fees owed to us or because of an oﬄine transaction).
Where this happens, we will contact you (if you are the Lead Parent) to remediate the negative balance. If you as Lead Parent do not, we will transfer the amount of the negative balance from your Revolut Personal account to your Revolut <18  account. If this results in a negative balance on your Revolut Personal account, our Personal Terms will apply in the ordinary way.
10. How can a Revolut <18 account or card be closed or cancelled?
The Lead Parent can stop the use of a Revolut <18 account at any time by:
freezing or cancelling the Revolut <18 card in the Revolut app.
withdrawing some or all of the money from it back to the Lead Parent’s Revolut Personal account.
The Lead Parent can also permanently close a Revolut <18 account. This can be done through the Revolut <18 settings in the Revolut app or by contacting Customer Support. Upon closure, any remaining money in the Revolut <18 account will be returned to the Lead Parent’s Personal account and the relevant Revolut <18 card will be cancelled. Remember, the rules for account closure in our Personal Terms also apply to your Revolut <18 account.
What happens when a Revolut <18 User turns 18?
When a Revolut <18 User turns 18, they can continue to use the Revolut <18 account until the earlier of their 19th birthday or the card expiring. We won't issue any new card to a Revolut <18 User who is over 18.
Once a Revolut <18 User turns 18, they will be eligible to sign up for a Revolut Personal account. They can choose to sign-up to Revolut by downloading the Revolut app or by following the account migration steps set out in the Revolut <18 app. If they select the account migration process, they will be able to transfer any remaining balance and pockets from the Revolut <18 account to their new Revolut account.
If, for some reason you would prefer that the Revolut <18 User not migrate the account to an adult Revolut account, the Lead Parent can close the Revolut <18 account before the migration. If you would prefer they do not transfer the Revolut <18 account balance to their new account, the Lead Parent can withdraw it to their own Revolut Personal account before the Revolut <18 User initiates the account migration process.
If, as Lead Parent, you do not close the Revolut <18 account or withdraw those funds by the time the Revolut <18 User  turns 18, you will be deemed to have consented to any account migration or transfer they chose to make.
Once the account migration is completed,  we will automatically close the Revolut <18 account and cancel the associated Revolut <18 card.
If the Revolut <18 user decides not to migrate the Revolut <18 account to a full Revolut account, the Revolut <18 account will be automatically terminated on the Revolut <18 User’s 19th birthday.
What happens if a Parent closes their Revolut Personal account?
As a Revolut <18 account is a sub-account of a Lead Parent's Revolut Personal account, closing the Revolut Personal account of the Lead Parent means the Revolut <18 account will be closed too. If a Co-Parent closes their Revolut Personal account, the Revolut <18 account will continue.
11. What happens if I move countries?
If as the Lead Parent you plan to permanently move to another country, please contact us. You may need to provide us with the information we need to determine if we can continue to oﬀer you Revolut <18  in that country. If we can't, your Revolut <18 account may need to be closed. Please also be aware that different fees may apply to your Revolut <18  account in your new country.
12. Personal data
To provide services under this agreement we need to collect information about Revolut <18 Users. Under data protection law, we are what is known as the ‘controller’ of Revolut <18 Users’ personal data. For more information about how we use personal data for the Revolut app, please see our
Privacy Notice
.
We also have a specific
Privacy Notice for Revolut <18 Users
which you, as Lead Parent, should ask your Revolut <18 User to read and, where necessary, help them understand. This Privacy Notice is made available to Lead Parents and Revolut <18 Users during the creation of any Revolut <18 account. It is also available to Revolut <18 Users through the Revolut <18 app and the Revolut website (
www.revolut.com
).
Where allowed by data protection law, we will ask older Revolut <18 Users to provide some limited personal data to Revolut. However, Lead Parents will be required to confirm this personal data. For all other Revolut <18 Users, Lead Parents will be required to submit necessary personal data to facilitate the setting up, and operation, of a Revolut <18 account.
By entering into these Revolut <18 Terms you, as Lead Parent, understand that Revolut will gather, process and store your Revolut <18 User's personal data to provide requested services to you and them. This doesn't aﬀect any rights and obligations you, your Revolut <18 User, or we have under data protection law.
You can direct Revolut to close a Revolut <18 account for which you are a Lead Parent. This will not affect the Personal Terms for your Revolut Personal account which will remain in place. When you close a Revolut <18 account, we will stop using your Revolut <18 User’s personal data to provide them with a Revolut <18 account. However, we may be required to retain their personal data after Revolut <18 account closure under relevant laws and regulations. See Section 10 for more information about how you can close a Revolut <18 account.
13. Everything else
Remember, except as expressly modiﬁed in these Revolut <18 Terms, our Personal Terms apply to your use of the Revolut <18 account and card . This means that all the rights you and we have under our Personal Terms also apply to your use of the Revolut <18 account and card. For this reason, you should read these Revolut <18 Terms and our Personal Terms together.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.revolut.com/privacy-policy/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Privacy at Revolut
At Revolut, it’s important to us that you have choices and control in how we handle your personal data. All our products are reviewed extensively by our privacy team before launch, so you can expect privacy by design.
Your privacy matters to us
Your data
Your personal data belongs to you, and you have the right to understand and control how it’s used.
Your rights
If you want to exercise your rights over your personal data, you can contact us any time at
dpo@revolut.com
.
Our commitment to you
Keeping you in the loop
If you share data with us, we'll let you know exactly how we’re using it. We'll explain how we collect and use your personal data in our privacy notices, so you know what's happening.
Giving you the right to choose
We give you clear choices and simple tools to exercise your rights. If we collect data, we’ll tell you why. Adjust your preferences anytime through the 'Security & privacy' or 'Notification settings' sections in-app.
Protecting your money and data
Our full-stack security systems watch over your account 24/7 to flag suspicious activity and keep your details safe. And our award-winning Customer Support team is always on hand if you need help.
Putting our customers first
When we collect and use your data, it’s only to help us deliver exceptional services, and improve your experience.
Our full privacy notices
Privacy notices for retail customers
Customer Privacy Notice for personal account customers
Revolut <18 Customer Privacy Notice
Revolut Business privacy notices
Revolut Business Customer Privacy Notice
Prospective Customer Privacy Notice
We want to build a better financial system with you in control, and respecting your privacy is a big part of that goal. 
We’re always working to improve, so if you notice something that doesn’t meet your expectations when it comes to privacy, let us know. Our friendly privacy team at
dpo@revolut.com
will make sure your voice is heard.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.revolut.com/legal/privacy-information-for-children/:
You’re on the United Kingdom website. Choose your country or region to see  location-specific content
Ireland
Terms & Policies
Revolut <18 Privacy Notice
Download PDF
History
Let’s talk about your data!
We are Revolut Limited and our address is 7 Westferry Circus, Canary Wharf, London, E14 4HD, United Kingdom. We are in charge of Revolut <18.
Revolut <18 is a great way to pay for things and learn how to use money.
Your parent or a guardian who looks after you opened or approved a Revolut <18 account for you. Your parent or guardian may add another person as a “co-parent” on your Revolut <18 account. Your co-parent may be your other parent, another guardian, a family member or a family friend. While co-parents can help you with your Revolut <18 account, the important thing to remember is that your parent or guardian is the main person responsible for your Revolut <18 account.
You’ll soon receive your Revolut <18 card. Your parent, guardian or co-parent (if you have one) can put money on your card so you can use it to pay for things.
Before you start using your Revolut <18 account, we need to talk about how we use information about you (your data).
What is your ‘data’?
Data is information that we have about you. It includes things like your name, date of birth, how the person who opened your account knows you (whether they are your mum, dad or guardian) and your email address and phone number. These are just a few examples of what your data is. There are many other types of data that we do not use.
When you use your account, we get more information about you. Here are some examples.
●	When you use your card to pay for things, we collect information including the date, where you are and the amount you spend.
●	We use ‘cookies’ to understand how people use our website. We also look at how Revolut <18 users like you use our app. We like to know who uses our website and app, and how we can make them better.
Sometimes, we’ll ask your parent or guardian for documents so we can be sure who you are. This could be your passport, ID card or birth certificate. We will also have any other information you or they decide to give us, such as your photo.
If you ever have a question about how we use your data, you can email us at dpo-junior@revolut.com. If you have any other questions, your parent or guardian should get in touch with us.
When you email us, we’ll ask you some questions so we can make sure it’s you emailing us and not somebody else.
You should always be careful about what you write in any emails. Don’t tell us anything more than you need to give us, or give us any information that could be used in a bad way by somebody else. If we need you to tell us something, we’ll ask you for it.
You can trust us to look after your data. There are laws that make sure we protect it and can’t use it for anything that is bad for you.
Why protecting your data is so important
Your parent or guardian either opened your Revolut <18 account for you or approved your account after you created it. They, and your co-parent (if you have one), can check how you use your account, what you’re spending your money on and how much money is in your account (so they know when to top it up). This means that your parent or guardian, and your co-parent (if you have one), can see your data. We can also see your data because we need to use it to run your account. We do not want other people or companies to see your data if you do not want them to.
Think about something that means a lot to you – maybe it’s your favourite toy or your mobile phone. You wouldn’t want someone to use it if you didn’t say they could. If you let someone use it, you’d want to know what they are using it for, that they are looking after it, and that they’ll tell you if something happens to it. You’d also want them to ask you before they let someone else use it, and to give it back to you if you ask for it. We treat your data as being that important to you.
Why we can use your data
There are a lot of laws about data. These laws say that we can only use your data if we have a good reason. So, here are our reasons for using your data.
●	We get some of your data when you, or your parent or guardian, opened your Revolut <18 account. This data includes when you downloaded the Revolut <18 app and asked your parent or guardian to activate your Revolut <18 account. We need this data to be able to set up your Revolut <18 account.
●	We need to use your data to let you use your account. We can only let you use your account if we have your data.
●	The law tells us we need to collect and store some of your data.
●	We use your data to work out how to make Revolut <18 better. We only do this if it is fair to you and will not cause you problems.
●	We add your data together with other Revolut <18 users’ data to understand how everyone uses Revolut <18. When we do this, the data is known as ‘anonymous’ data because it is not possible for us to identify you after we combined your data with lots of other people’s data.
We will look after your data properly. We’ll always tell you if we need to use your data for any other reason.
What we use your data for
We use your data so we can do the following.
●	Allow you to use your card to pay for the things you buy.
●	Allow you to send money to, or get money from, your friends through Revolut <18 (but only if the laws of your country say you are old enough to do this). If you are old enough, you will also be able to share your contacts list with Revolut <18 so you can quickly find friends who also use Revolut <18. If you agree, you will also be able to find any nearby friends on Revolut <18. You can choose to stop sharing your location or syncing your contacts list at any time through the Revolut <18 app.
●	Make sure it is you using the account (we will use your name, birthday and, sometimes, other information like your passport).
●	Make sure we give you important news and other information you need to know about.
●	Send you a welcome pack and information like tips on how to use your account to save money.
●	Send you messages with information about products and features that you might be interested in using, but which you don’t need to use if you don’t want to. We will send messages only if your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – agree. Your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – can update this permission at any time using the Revolut or Revolut <18 apps. Messages can be about Revolut <18 features or about offers from other companies that Revolut works with. Your parent or guardian – or you, if you are old enough – can agree to receive either type of message. Revolut will never force you to receive these messages. It is always your choice (or your parent’s or guardian’s choice if you are too young to decide).
●	Protect your account (for example, by making sure you are at the same place as your card is being used, as we explained earlier).
●	Reply when you, your parent or your guardian contacts us, or answer any questions you ask us. Just so you know, your co-parent (if you have one) won’t be able to contact us about your Revolut <18 account.
●	Find out what you like and don’t like about Revolut <18 so we can make it better for you.
●	Understand how people use Revolut <18, including the card and the app, by adding your data to other Revolut <18 users’ data. When we do this, we are not able to identify you because your data has been mixed with lots of other people’s data. This means that the data is ‘anonymous’. For example, we can work out how much pocket money Revolut <18 users get generally without knowing exactly how much pocket money you get.
●	Make sure we don’t break the law. To do this, we’ll share information with the police or other important people when we need to. They will investigate when something has gone wrong and make sure we’re doing everything right to protect you.
We won’t do anything that we’re not allowed to with your data
We will always be honest with you about how we use your data. We’ll tell you why we use it. For example, we need your name so we can print it on your card, and we need your address so we can send you your card.
We hope you now understand what we do with your data. If we ever want to do something new with your data we’ll ask your parent or guardian if it is okay. Just so you know, we won’t ever ask your co-parent these questions. Only your parent or guardian can make decisions about your Revolut <18 account. Depending on the country where you live, we might ask you if it’s okay as well. If the law says that you can make decisions without any help from your parent or guardian, we will just ask you if it is okay.
Sharing your data
We sometimes need to share your data with other people or companies. Here are some examples.
●	If another company buys our company, we’ll give them your data because they will be the one that lets you use your account. If this was going to happen, we would tell you.
●	We share your data with other companies that help us run, and let you use, your account. We only work with companies that we trust to protect your data. For example, we share your name with our card maker so they can make your Revolut <18 card. We’ll share your address with another company that will deliver your card to you. These companies will use your data only for these reasons.
●	We share your data with people who help us run our business (like lawyers and accountants who help us to make sure we’re following the law and doing things right).
●	We share your data with official people who keep an eye on what we do to make sure we are looking after you properly. There are laws that make us do this.
●	If you are old enough, you will be able to share your Revolut <18 username with your friends or other Revolut <18 users.
●	If you are old enough, you will be able to let your friends or other Revolut <18 users know if you are nearby. You can change this at any time through the Revolut <18 app.
●	If a friend sends you an invite code for Revolut <18, we will let them know once your Revolut <18 card has been ordered after your parent or guardian has confirmed your account application.
We only share your data with other companies when we know they protect it in the same way that we do.
This is the same as your friend asking you if their friend can use your favourite toy or your mobile phone. They shouldn’t let their friend use it if they do not trust them.
It is important that you know where we send your data. We will send it to people and companies that are in this country or another country in Europe.
Sometimes, we will need to send your data outside Europe so you can use your account. We’ll always tell you when we need to do this. We’ll also make sure your data is protected in the same way as it is protected in Europe.
We will keep your data safe and tell you if something goes wrong
We’ll look after your data in the same way that you’d expect your friend to look after something that you let them use.
We do things to make sure that other people can’t see your data without your permission. We work hard to protect your data. It is one of the most important things we do. Only you should know your Revolut <18 password. Make sure that nobody else knows it. Check that no one can see your password when you type it.
We will do our best to protect your data. We’ll always do what the law says we must do to keep your data safe. Unfortunately, even where we do our best, information on the internet can never be totally safe. We cannot promise that your data will always be safe. If someone breaks into our office, our computers or our databases and gets hold of your data, we will let you or your parent or guardian know as soon as possible. We’ll always do our best to help you with any problems.
Know your rights
The law says you can ask us lots of things about your data.
●
You can ask to see your data.
●
You can ask us to correct your data.
If you think we’ve got any of it wrong, we can fix it.
●
You can ask us to stop using your data for certain reasons or ‘object’ to us using it (tell us that you really disagree with it)
. Even if you said it was okay for us to use your data in a certain way, if you change your mind just let us know. We’ll let you know if we can stop using it. We’ll make sure we keep a note of your concerns even if we can’t stop using your data for the reason you asked.
●
You can ask us to destroy your data.
We’ll do this as long as the law says we can.
●
You can ask us for a copy of your data.
●
You can ask us to stop using computers to make decisions about you.
Sometimes a company can use a computer to make automatic decisions. You can ask us to make sure that a human is in charge of making important decisions about you.
If you ask us to do something that means we would have to stop letting you use your account, we will let your parent or guardian know. We’ll also let your parent or guardian know if you ask us for a copy of your data. This is because we may have no way of sending your data straight to you. Just so you know, we will only contact your parent or guardian and won’t contact your co-parent.
It is really important that you can ask us to do the things shown above, but sometimes other things are more important. For example, if you ask us to destroy all of your data, we can’t do that straight away. We must keep some of your data for six years from when you ask us to destroy it. This is because there are laws that tell us we have to do this to keep you safe. We will always explain to you if something like this happens. We’ll never try to hide what we do with your data.
How long we can keep your data for
We need to keep your data while you have a Revolut <18 account.
We may need to keep your data for longer if the law says we have to. So even if you ask us to destroy your data, we may not be able to do that straight away.
You, or your parent or guardian, may decide to close your account at some point. This may be because you don’t need it anymore, or because you turn 18 and switch to an adult Revolut account. If you close your account, we’ll keep your data for up to six years. We may need to keep it even longer if we need to use it in a court case because some person or company says that we have broken the law but we don’t think we have.
What to do if you have any questions or want to know more
Get in touch!
If you have any questions about your data, email us at dpo-junior@revolut.com. Your parent or guardian can also get in touch with us about your account.
If you are unhappy with how we use your data, or you have a complaint that you don’t think we have answered properly, you (or your parent or guardian) can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) through the website at https://ico.org.uk/.The ICO can tell us what to do if we do something wrong, and they can make sure we look after your data properly.
Choose your cookies
Cookies help us to enhance your experience, tailor ads to your interests, and improve our website.
Learn more and manage
Accept all
Reject non-essential cookies