Privacy Policy
News
Feb 06/25
ENOC Group honoured with global award for Energy ...
Jan 30/25
Transguard Group Signs MOU with ENOC
Mar 12/25
ENOC Celebrates the Successful Completion of the ...
Feb 27/25
ENOC Group expands CSR impact with the launch of ...
Feb 24/25
ENOC Group witnesses 29% increase in innovative ...
Feb 12/25
ENOC Group launches three new service stations in ...
Feb 06/25
ENOC Group honoured with global award for Energy ...
Jan 30/25
Transguard Group Signs MOU with ENOC
Mar 12/25
ENOC Celebrates the Successful Completion of the ...
Feb 27/25
ENOC Group expands CSR impact with the launch of ...
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Business privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how ENOC uses and protects any information that you give ENOC when you use this website.
ENOC is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
ENOC may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 14TH November 2010.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at
webmaster@enoc.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to
webmaster@enoc.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Disclaimer
Disclaimer:The  information  contained  in  this  website  is  for  general  information  purposes  only.  The information  is  provided  by  ENOC  and  while  we  endeavour  to  keep  the  information  up  to  date and  correct,  we  make  no  representations  or  warranties  of  any  kind,  express  or  implied,  about the  completeness,  accuracy,  reliability,  suitability  or  availability  with  respect  to  the  website  or the  information,  products,  services,  or  related  graphics  contained  on  the  website  for  any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In  no  event  will  we  be  liable  for  any  loss  or  damage  including,  without  limitation,  indirect  or consequential  loss  or  damage,  or  any  loss  or  damage  whatsoever  arising  from  loss  of  data  or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every  effort  is  made  to  keep  the  website  up  and  running  smoothly.  However,  ENOC  takes  no responsibility  for,  and  will  not  be  liable  for,  the  website  being  temporarily  unavailable  due  to technical issues beyond our control.
SCAM Notice:
Notice:It  has  come  to  our  notice  that  unauthorized  individuals  or organizations  are  falsely  using  the ENOC/  EPPCO  names  in  an  attempt  to  fraudulently  recruit  on  behalf  of  ENOC  and  entities within ENOC Group of Companies ("ENOC").
Please  note  that  all  individuals  who  are  successful  in  gaining  an  offer  of  employment  from ENOC,  whether  directly  or  indirectly  are  always  required  to  go  through  a  formal  recruitment process. During our recruitment process, the candidate will, in general, meet in person with an ENOC  employee  or  representative  for  an  interview  before  any  formal offer  is  made.  All communications  will  always  originate  from  a  verifiable  ENOC  e-mail  address  and  not  from  any free  web  based  email  accounts.  As  an  example,  e-mail  communication  on  recruitment  from ENOC, if any, would be sent by ENOC officials using only e-mail domains of @enoc.com.
Moreover,  ENOC (nor any of the organizations that recruit  on our behalf)  never ask for money  transfers  or  payments  of  any  kind  from  candidates  at  any  point  in  the  recruitment  process. Therefore,  if  you  receive  any  communication  contrary  to  the  foregoing,  please  treat  such communication  as  fraudulent  and  you  should  consider  reporting  the  incident  to  your  local  law enforcement.
DISCLAIMER: ENOC shall not be responsible for the content of any information nor shall it be liable for any conclusion, loss or damage of any nature whatsoever suffered or may be suffered by any part or members of the public arising from or as a result of reliance on or usage of any information relating to recruitment in ENOC from portals, websites or e-mail domains which are not authorized by ENOC.
News
More News
March 12, 2025
ENOC Celebrates the Successful Completion of the First Cohort of its Accelerators Programme
ENOC Group, the leading integrated global energy player, has successfully concluded the first cohort of its ENOC Accelerators Programme, marking a significant step in the Group’s commitment to ...
Read More
February 27, 2025
ENOC Group expands CSR impact with the launch of twenty initiatives during Ramadan
ENOC Group, a leading integrated global energy player, has announced twenty initiatives as part of its 2025 Ramadan campaign, aimed at supporting more than 600 thousand beneficiaries across all parts ...
Read More
February 24, 2025
ENOC Group witnesses 29% increase in innovative ideas during 2024
ENOC Group, a leading integrated global energy player, concluded 2024 on a promising note with 1373 creative ideas submitted by employees, of which 138 were implemented, recording a 29% increase in ...
Read More
Home