Privacy Policy
Logic Phase (Shawn Carrillo) built the HeartCast app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Logic Phase (Shawn Carrillo) at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at HeartCast unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may collect certain device information through Google Crashlytics. HeartCast does not collect or transmit any personally indentifiable information. The information that we use will be limited to your use on your devices and is not collected by me in any way.
We  use Google Crashlytics. It may automatically collect certain information that does not personally identify users who access or use the App (HeartCast). This information includes, but is not limited to, device state information, unique device identifiers, device hardware and OS information, information relating to how an application functions, and the physical location of a device at the time of a crash. Crashlytics is owned and operated by Google Inc. The information may be shared with third party service providers, including, but not limited to, Crashlytics. Crashlytics may use aggregate and anonymous information to: improve Crashlytics, create analysis of trends or behaviors, and other similar uses. To read Crashlytics’ privacy policy, click this link:
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products, Google Analytics (Google), Crashlytics (Google), and Apple Analytics (Apple)) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. No current error collection implemented in this App/Service.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose. No current third-party services implemented in this App/Service.
Device and Usage information
Device and usage information will be shared with Google Analytics (Google), Crashlytics (Google), and Apple Analytics (Apple) for analytics and crash reporting.
Third Party SDK's (Software Development Kit)
Google Analytics - Anonymous analytical information when you use our service, including information about your interaction with the service. Usage Reporting to improve our application's features and performance.
Google Firebase: Crashlytics - Crash Reporting provides us with the ability to capture and collect crash logs through the Firebase Crashlytics service. This data is used to address crashes for our users.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security. No current data is transmitted outside of this App/Service.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services. No external links out of this App/Service.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at privacy@heartcast.app
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://try.crashlytics.com/terms/privacy-policy.pdf?ref=heartcast.app:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL
/media/try.crashlytics.com/en//terms/privacy-policy.pdf?ref=heartcast.app
was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.