Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Clump Studio (the "Company") collects, uses and provides personal information based on the user's consent,
'We actively guarantee the rights of users (personal information self-determination).' The Company complies with the relevant laws, regulations, and guidelines of the Republic of Korea to be complied with by the providers of information and communication services. "Personal Information Processing Policy" means the guidelines that the company must adhere to so that users can safely use the service by protecting their valuable personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to the Stickerfarm.
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies and Usage Data.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Here's how to collect your personal information
When collecting personal information, we must notify the user in advance and seek consent, and collect personal information through the following methods.
●       When a user agrees to collect personal information and enters information directly in the course of membership and service use.
●       Personal information required for payment at settlement.
●       Web page during consultation process through customer center and e-mail, etc.
Use of personal information
It is used for membership management, service provision and improvement, and new service development.
At the time of signing up for membership or using the service, we collect the minimum personal information necessary for providing the service through the homepage or individual applications or programs.
●       Develop new services, provide various services, process inquiries or complaints, and deliver announcements.
●       When using paid service, transfer of contents, settlement of payments.
●       Preventing and sanctioning acts that interfere with the smooth operation of services (including the theft of accounts and illegal use).
●       Use for event/event participation, marketing, and advertising.
●       Voice command recognition and personalization service.
●       Voice command recognition and personalization service.
●       Statistics on service use history, access frequency, and service utilization, the establishment of service environment in terms of privacy protection, provision of customized service, utilization of service improvement.
Providing personal information
Stickerfarm will not provide your personal information to any third party unless you have your consent or the law provides.
Destruction of personal information
Personal information will be destroyed without delay when the purpose of collection and use is achieved. Procedures and methods are as follows.
Securely delete electronic files from recovery and playback.
In Korea, the information related to the payment is immediately destroyed as soon as the act is completed.
Third-party SDK we used.
Please see the following link to check more details about third-party sdk privacy policy.
http://www.mob.com/about/policy
What is our privacy policy?
For any inquiries, complaints, advice, or any other information related to the use of the service, please contact the person in charge of personal information protection and the relevant department. Email: emojistickers@hotmail.com. We will do our best to listen to your voice and give you a quick and sufficient response.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it