Welcome
Videoblast 2 Privacy Policy
What Data We Collect?
REAPPS L.L.C. reserves the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by Videoblast 2 or REAPPS’s partners and contractors. However Videoblast collects the most minimal data possible, we are in the business of serving the greatest content that we can and are not in the business of collecting your data. Hence we gather only the most minimal information that is needed in order to enable us to deliver the best experience we can for you.
Videoblast may store email address in order to enable you to get authenticated via the app and to deliver your personal content to your account. The text that you add to your intros is only used in order for your content to be rendered and is not used for anything else. We store your rendered videos in our servers in order to deliver them to you and in order to store them for you so that you may access them in the future.
We may also employe various services that help us monitor the app, for analytics etc. We also hold the right to contact you via your account email or push services, live support chat regarding our services and or your content generated with us.
Videoblast may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.
Third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo-location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see below Section 3) as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service. Third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information.