Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how Screen Recorder treats information that it collects and receives
                    related to your use of Screen Recorder products, services, and websites. Our primary goal in
                    collecting information is to provide and improve our products and services.
General
1. Our Privacy policy applies to all users, and others who access the App (“Users”). (Screen
                    Recorder, “our”, “we” or “us”) (collectively, the “Services”). You (“you” or “your”) consent to this
                    Privacy Policy for collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your information (personal and
                    device information) in connection with your access to, and use of, the Services.
2. We safeguard your information in accordance with industry procedures and security standards. HOWEVER, “PERFECT SECURITY” DOES NOT EXIST ON THE INTERNET, THEREFORE, Screen Recorder MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THE SUFFICIENCY OF THESE SECURITY MEASURES. Screen Recorder SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTUAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LIABILITY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER AS A RESULT OF NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) THAT RESULT FROM A LAPSE IN COMPLIANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY BECAUSE OF A SECURITY BREACH OR TECHNICAL MALFUNCTION.
3. The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter into a legally binding contract. In any event, if you under 13 years old or if you are not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not use any of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If you have objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or use any of the Services.
4. Screen Recorder reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a system message to your account.
What Information do We Collect?
1.1 Information you upload or provide when using the service
When you use the Screen Recorder Service, we may collect various information, including some specific information collected. We will use this information to meet your requirements, provide related products or services, or achieve anti-fraud purposes.
1.2 Information we obtain when you use the Services
When you use Screen Recorder, you can use and store different types of data in the service.
                    To help you make better use of our products or services, we will collect and use your relevant information. The information we collect is based on your interactions with us and your choices, including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. The information we collect may include SDK / API / JS code versions, browsers, Internet service providers, IP addresses, platforms, timestamps, application identifiers, application versions, application distribution channels, independent device identifiers, iOS advertising identifiers (IDFA), network card (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), device model, terminal manufacturer, terminal device operating system version, session start / stop time, language location, time zone, and network status (WiFi, etc.) , Hard disk, CPU, and battery usage. The information you provide will continue to authorize us for your use of this service.
How and Why We use this Information?
1. We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services are working as intended, to make improvements to our services, to develop our business, and to protect against fraud and spam.
2. We may use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your information to provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. And we may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Revoking Your Consent
1. You may withdraw your consent to the ongoing uses of your information set out in this Privacy Policy at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. You can withdraw your consent by deactivating your account.
(1) Your prior permission;
(2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests;
(3) By requests from public and governmental authorities;
(4) To protect our legal rights and interests.
（5）Your payment information may be share with third parties as needed for billing purposes and to prevent fraud.