Privacy Policy
Personal Information
In order to provide our customers with the best possible delivery experience, TM DONE will request the below information from users:
First & Last Name
Mobile Number
Email Address
Our drivers wash & sanitize their hands before collecting each order & as often as needed - All bags are cleaned & sanitized before & after each delivery
Delivery Location(s) (GPS Location)
The requested information is used to identify the customer in order to complete the order. Only the restaurants & stores will be able to view the name & phone number of the customer, vendors have signed an agreement to not disclose any customer’s information while processing the order.
Customers may access & update their personal information at a later date, if they choose to do so, in the profile section on the application.
Your information may be disclosed with our staff & to third party delivery services.
Payment Information
As we would like to provide our customers with the most convenient delivery service, TM DONE has three payment options when placing an order; Cash on Delivery/ Card on Delivery / Online Payment (Debit or Credit Card). For online payment, we transmit all your card information to the approved debit/credit card company in an encrypted format with nationally accepted rules & regulations during the processing of your order.
Saving your card details on TM DONE means they will be kept in an encrypted format, while taking all legal precautions to maintain  physical, electronic and procedural safeguards over credit/debit card information.
Credit/Debit Card details will not be shared with any restaurant/store or third parties.
Privacy Policy Amendment
TM DONE may choose to change the Privacy Policy in alignment with all local legal authorities & all related publications.
TM DONE Ads
Our aim is to constantly improve our services for our customers, therefore TM DONE may use Advertising Agencies to employ cookies & action tags to measure our marketing impact. This technology may also be used to serve relevant advertising content and recommendations. Any and all information that these third party agencies report are completely confidential & does not contain any user’s personal information.
Pricing & Payments
The pricing of all products on the TM DONE app are set by the vendors. After a customer places an order & the order has been accepted, this represents an agreement between the customer and the store. Stores are solely responsible for any orders placed for their business. Cash payments are made directly to the store.
If a customer chooses to pay online/card on delivery on the app, TM DONE will process the payment as an agent to the store/restaurant. All other delivery charges will be clearly displayed in the order summary before the order placement is confirmed.
Online Payments
If your are choosing to pay for your order online & have your Credit/Debit Card information saved on TM DONE’s application, please read the below terms of use & disclaimers carefully:
If any extra charges the shop might charge as a result of any “Special Requests” or “General Requests” placed by the user, the user is liable to pay via Cash on Delivery.
The customer refund process may take 2 - 3 Working Days, if TM DONE Credit is requested. However, the time needed to process the refund on Debit/Credit Card through the bank’s payment gateway, might take 7 - 14 Working Days. The customer must follow up with their bank incase of any delay in the refunding of their payment.
Any Credit/Debit Cards used to place an order through Card on Delivery/ the online payment gateway on the application must belong to the user. If not, the user must attain legal permission from the card owner to perform the transaction.
The user is entirely responsible for placing any orders using the Credit/Debit Cards facility after carefully reading all the Terms & Conditions.
Refund Policy
The customer refund process may take 2 - 3 Working Days, if TM DONE Credit is requested. However, the time needed to process the refund on Debit/Credit Card through the bank’s payment gateway, might take 7 - 14 Working Days. The customer must follow up with their bank in case of any delay in the refunding of their payment.
Order Cancellation
All customers are entitled to cancel their orders up-to the restaurant/store accepting the order.
In our efforts to work  closely with each of our vendors to ensure all menu items & store details are always up-to date, we reserve the right to cancel orders due to any item(s) not being available or due to any inaccurate information displayed.
Vendors reserve the right to cancel any customer’s order before or after confirming the order & will notify the customer immediately.
Note: All orders (completed/cancelled) will be displayed in the past orders section within the application. In the event of a cancelled order, the amount deducted will be refunded to the customer’s bank account within 7 - 14 working days. Alternatively, customers may choose for the refund to be converted to TM DONE Credit which will be added within 3 working days to their wallet on the app.
Deliveries
In the event of an order placed in the wrong address or the customer is not available at the provided address, the order shall not be delivered to any other location (more than 5KM away from original location). In this case, the customer must accept all legal responsibilities related to placing an order to an address where they are not available to collect from.
Marketplace Delivery
In order to deliver user’s orders, TM DONE has a team of delivery drivers as well as third-party delivery partners that provide us with drivers, however some stores may have their own drivers to deliver your order.
In the event of an order being delivered late/at the wrong location or delivered in a manner not acceptable by the customer, TM DONE will not be liable for those drivers as they are not affiliated with TM DONE or its delivery policies. Any concerns/complaints derived from the delivery of these drivers must be taken up with the store that the user has ordered from.
Returns
If a customer chooses to return a product/meal, the terms and conditions of product returns belonging to the restaurant/store will be applied. TM DONE will not be held responsible for any disputes related to any returns.
Validity of Records
In the disputes which may arise in relation to their terms, the user agrees, states & warrants that any bookkeeping entry, microfilm, microfiche & computer records constitute a valid, binding, absolute & exclusive evidence; this article has the characteristics of an evidential contract, & that the user waves in advance all kinds of objections to the specified TM DONE records & the right to tender an oath in relation to the fact that these records are kept in due form.
Restrictions for Non-Personal & Non-Commercial Use
You agree that the consequences of commercial use or republication of content or information of TM DONE may lead to serious & incalculable monetary compensation that may not be a sufficient or appropriate remedy and that TM DONE will be entitled to temporary & permanent injunctive relief to prohibit such use.
Guidelines for Reviews
Store reviews are approved based on the below criteria:
Relevancy:
Reviewers must have had an experience with the store firsthand.
Acceptable Content:
TM DONE is not obligated to approve reviews on the application. As subset of the potential reasons for rejection are:
Offensive language: Profanity, abusive, racism, hate language, threats are not tolerated in our interactive sessions.
Irrelevant or non-indicative content
Discrimination based on the grounds of religion, race, gender, national origin, age, maritial status or disability.
References to illegal activity or uncorrelated references towards society’s traditions & values
Conflicts of interest: competing stores are not allowed to post negative reviews. While relation of this may result in permanent removal from our platform.
Allegations of health code violations. Outdated & obsolete information.
Not Endorsed:
Reviews are not endorsed by TM DONE, & not to represent the views of TM DONE, our parent companies or our subsidiaries. TM DONE do not assume liability losses resulting from any use of our platform, or information on our platform.
Owned by TM DONE:
Reviews are owned by TM DONE exclusively in perpetuity. We have the right to reproduce, modify, translate, transmit & distribute all materials relating to reviews. TM DONE is under no obligation to pay the author(s) or any third-party for their reviews.
Visitor Material & Conduct:
Other than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the TM DONE Privacy Policy, any material you provide/post on the application will be considered non-confidential & non-proprietary. TM DONE will have no obligation with respect to such material. TM DONE & anyone we designate will be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate & otherwise, use that material & all data, images, sounds, text & other things embodied in it for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting, uploading or transmitting to or from this application, any material that:
Breaches any applicable local, national or international law
Is unlawful or fraudulent
Amounts to unauthorized advertising or contains viruses or any other harmful programs
You may not misuse the application (including hacking).
Any comments or feedback that you submit through the application must not contain any defamatory, obscene or offensive material
Promotes violence or discrimination.
Infringes the intellectual property rights of another individual/corporation
Breaches any legal duty owned to a third-party (such as a duty of confidence)
Promotes illegal activity or invade another’s privacy
Give the impression that they originate from us.
Is used to impersonate another person or to misrepresent your affiliation with another person.
The prohibited acts mentioned above are non-exhaustive. You will pay TM DONE for all costs & damages which it incurs as a result of you breaching any of these restrictions. TM DONE will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or location of anyone posting any material in breach of the above terms.
User Responsibilities
While using TM DONE’s services, the user accepts and undertakes:
The information in the registration form is correct; in the event that this information is required, the user is solely responsible for any losses which may arise from any misinformation or inadequate information (Eg: Forgetting the login password); and in these cases their account may be terminated.
The user will be responsible for all personal ideas, opinions, statements set forth by the user while using TM DONE’s services, all documents uploaded to the application & personal information sent & that in no way TM DONE shall be held liable for these documents, not to access any services provided to TM DONE unauthorized and in any way other than that identified by TM DONE, not to change the software in any way ; not to use the software which is identified as being changed, and to indemnify TM DONE for all material & moral losses in the event that the user does not comply with the aforementioned articles.
TM DONE shall not be responsible for any damages which may arise from reading of data belonging to any user by any unauthorized individuals, not to send any messages which are threatening, immoral, racially & contrary to the Laws of The Sultanate of Oman and International agreements, any correspondences, titles, nicknames posted to the context shall not be contrary to the rules of public morality, good manners and laws, not to harass and/or threaten other users, or any of TM DONE’s live chat/call center personnel, not to act in a way affecting the use of services by other users, not to post, print or distribute, circulate any immoral, inappropriate and unlawful materials & information which may give harm to the names of any people or institutions, not to advertise, sell or offer to sell any products or services, engage in any activities such as surveys, competitions or chain letters, not to send any information or programs which may give harm to the information or software in the computers of other users.
All of the records or materials obtained by using TM DONE’s services are within the consent of the user. The user will be completely responsible for any damages, loss of information or other losses caused by them in the user’s phone or computer, the user shall not demand any compensation for any losses arising from the use of TM DONE’s services. Not to use the services of TM DONE for any commercial or advertising purposes without obtaining prior written consent from TM DONE.
TM DONE may monitor all systems at any time or continuously.
TM DONE may use its system for commercial purposes, not to mail any information which is forbidden legally & circulate any mails which do not have authorization to be sent, such as chain mail, malicious software… etc. Not to record and/or misuse any personal information belonging to others. The users themselves are responsible for all kinds of acts made under the “username”.
The customers must pay the service fee which is notified previously at the time of delivery of products; otherwise the product shall not be delivered to the customer. Not access the application or services using a third-party’s account/registration without the consent of the account holder. Not to use the application for illegal purposes; not to commit any acts of infringement on the application or with respect to content on the application, not to use the application to engage in commercial activities apart from sanctioned use of TM DONE’s services; not to copy any content, including but not limited to, store menu content and third-party reviews, for republication in print or online. Not to create store reviews or blog entries for or with any commercial or other purposes or intent that does not in good faith comport with the purpose or spirit of the application. Not to attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems from or through the application. Not to interfere with another person’s use and enjoyment of the application. Not to upload or transmit viruses or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files and/or not to disrupt, interfere with, or otherwise harm or violate the security of the application, or any services, system resources, accounts, passwords, servers or networks connected to or accessible through the application or affiliated or linked sites (including those of our vendor partners).
All users that are minors in the jurisdiction in which they reside (generally under the age of 18) must have the permission of, and be directly supervised by their parent(s) or guardian to use the application. If you are a minor, you must have your parent(s) or guardian read and agree to this Agreement prior to using the application.
Credit/Debit Cards used in placing orders through the online payment gateway on TM DONE’s application must belong to the user. Otherwise the user must gain legal consent from the card owner in order to perform the transaction.
Prohibited Activity
You may not access or use the application for any other purpose other than that for which TM DONE’s application makes it available. The application is for the personal use of users only & may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavors except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by TM DONE’s application. In case of any prohibited activities committed by the user, the company has the right to suspend, lock or terminate the user’s account and prevent their access to login to the service. Prohibited activities include but are not limited to the following:
Criminal or tortious activity, including child pornography, fruad, trafficking and obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, harrasment, stalking, spamming, copyright infrigement, patent infrigement or theft of trade secrets; advertising to, or solicitation of, any user to buy or sell any products or services, unless authorized by TM  DONE; systematic retrieval of data or other content from the application to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without written permission from TM DONE; making unauthorized use of TM DONE’s application services, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses or phone numbers of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited emails or text messages; engaging in authorized framing of or linking to the application; transmitting chain letters or junk email to other users; using any information obtained from the application in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or sell to any user without their prior explicit written consent; engaging in any automated use of the system, such as using scripts to add friends or send comments or messages, or using any data mining, robots or similar data gathering an extraction tools; interfering with, disrupting, or creating an undue burden on the application or the networks or services connected to the application; attempting to impersonate another user or person; using the username of another user; selling or otherwise transferring your profile; using any information obtained from the application in order to harrass, abuse, or harm another individual; using the TM DONE application service as part of any effort to compete with TM DONE’s application or to provide services as a service office; deciphering, decompliling, disassembling or reverse engineering any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of the application; attempting to bipase any measures of the application designed to prevent or restrict access to the application, or any portion of the application; harassing, annoying, intimidating or threatening TM DONE through any medium of communication or to any of its employees or agents engaged in providing any part of TM DONE’s services to you.
Displaying an advertisement, or accepting payment or anything of value from a third-person in exchange for you performing any commercial activity on or through the application on behalf of that individual, such as posting blogs or bulletins with a commercial purpose; deleting the copyright or other proprietary rights notice from any contribution or TM DONE application content ; and using the application in a manner inconsistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations including any other suspected malicious activities on TM DONE’s application or website.