Last updated
January 3 2020
Privacy Policy
Please read these terms and conditions (“terms”, “terms and conditions”) carefully before using Fridge Buddy application (the “service”) operated by Charles-Adrien Fournier (“us”, ‘we”, “our”).
Conditions of Use
We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property its content creators and protected by international copyright laws.
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or use our application, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By using this application, you agree that the laws of France, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions, or any dispute of any sort that might come between Charles-Adrien Fournier and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your use of this application or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court in France and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Users may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content.
Premium version
The App offers the in-app purchase of a Premium version that includes the following Features:
Custom list creation, you can create an personnalize the product lists displayed.
Share lists with other users
Expiry date scan with the camera
Unlock app icons variations
CSV export of all your lists
Better item sorting
User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion.