Privacy Policy on Football Simulator Apps, published 2021.09.04
Privacy Policy
In this context "Senapp Studios apps" refers to any "Football
              Simulator" apps published by Senapp Studios.
Senapp Studios apps are built and published as Ad Supported apps.
              This SERVICE is the same for all apps published by Senapp Studios
              and is provided by Senapp Studios at no cost and is intended for
              use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with
              the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if
              anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection
              and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal
              Information that we collect is used for providing and improving
              the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone
              except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in
              our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at this page
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we will save
              user entered data on your device, things such as but not limited
              to user settings, team data and saved tournaments. This
              information is stored on your device and only there. We log
              general events such as but not limited to teams created, edited
              and or deleted. We do this to gauge user interaction and to
              improve the quality of the application. You have the option to
              disable event logging in the in-game settings menu
The app does use third party services that may collect information
              used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by
              the app
Admob
Unity Privacy Policy
Firebase Analytics
Opt-out of targeted advertisments
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on your mobile
              device by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS
              device and selecting “limit ad tracking” if you are on Apple iOS
              or “opt-out of interest based ads” if you are on Android. The
              option to opt-out of personalized ads in the game can be found in
              the in-game settings menu
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case
              of an error in the app we collect data and information (through
              third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
              may include information such as your device Internet Protocol
              (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the
              configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and
              date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly
              used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your
              browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your
              device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the
              app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to
              collect information and improve their services. You have the
              option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a
              cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our
              cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the
              following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties
              have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform
              the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are
              obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other
              purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information,
              thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of
              protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over
              the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and
              reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a
              third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that
              these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
              strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these
              websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for
              the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party
              sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do
              not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from
              children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13
              has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete
              this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are
              aware that your child has provided us with personal information,
              please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are
              advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will
              notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on
              this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are
              posted on this page.
Terms & Conditions on Football Simulator Apps, published 2021.09.04
Terms & Conditions
In this context "Senapp Studios apps" refers to any "Football
              Simulator" apps published by Senapp Studios.
By downloading or using any Senapp Studios apps, these terms will
              automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that
              you read them carefully before using the our apps. You’re not
              allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our
              trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract
              the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to
              translate the app into other languages without permission from
              Senapp Studios, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and
              all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other
              intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Senapp
              Studios and or parties.
Senapp Studios is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful
              and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right
              to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any
              time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or
              its services without making it very clear to you exactly what
              you’re paying for.
Senapp Studios can not be held accountable for how you use our
              apps functions or how you name, add, or edit elements in our app,
              this means any insulting, provactive, copyrighted, trademarked, or
              offensive material you have created is not Senapp Studios
              responsible for.
Our apps stores and processes personal data that you have provided
              to us, in order to provide our Service. It’s your responsibility
              to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore
              recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is
              the process of removing software restrictions and limitations
              imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could
              make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs,
              compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that
              the our apps won’t work properly or at all.
You should be aware that there are certain things that Senapp
              Studios will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the
              app will require the app to have an active internet connection.
              The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network
              provider, but Senapp Studios cannot take responsibility for the
              app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to
              Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should
              remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network
              provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your
              mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the
              connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges.
              In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such
              charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside
              of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning
              off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on
              which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that
              you have received permission from the bill payer for using the
              app.
Along the same lines, Senapp Studios cannot always take
              responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make
              sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery
              and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, Senapp Studios
              cannot accept responsibility.
With respect to Senapp Studios’s responsibility for your use of
              the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind
              that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and
              correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide
              information to us so that we can make it available to you. Senapp
              Studios accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you
              experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of
              the app.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently
              available on Android and IOS – the requirements for system(and for
              any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the
              app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you
              want to keep using the app. Senapp Studios does not promise that
              it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or
              works with the Android or IOS version that you have installed on
              your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the
              application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop
              providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without
              giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise,
              upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you
              in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if
              needed) delete it from your device.
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus,
              you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.
              we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and
              Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately
              after they are posted on this page.
Statments on Football Simulator Apps, published 2021.09.04
Statments
In this context "Senapp Studios apps" refers to any "Football
              Simulator" apps published by Senapp Studios.
Unless stated otherwise, no team, club, player, assciation, and or
              organization endorses, is connected, or associated with any of
              Senapp Studios apps and Senapp Studios makes no representation of
              any such endorsement, connection, or association. No image or
              likness of any club, player, team, association and or organization
              is intentionally used in any of Senapp Studios apps and any such
              similarity with any graphical element is co-incidental.
Senapp Studios supports no political or religious connection some
              of the elements in our game may be connected to.
All assets and materials in Senapp Studios apps are either made by
              Senapp Studios or added with the knowledgde that it can be used
              with or without attributon, check Attributons.
If you feel a mistake has occurred then message Senapp Studios at
              help.senapp@gmail.com
Attributions on Football Simulator Apps, published 2021.09.04
Attributions
Translations
Russian translation by
Mikhail Orenkin
Shared Images/Textures
Original Dice icon
Link
from https://www.iconspng.com
Original Tournament Bracket icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Shuffle icon by
simpleicon
from www.simpleicon.com
Original Attendance icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Weather icon by
bqlqn
from www.flaticon.com
Original Seed icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Prize icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Man icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Trashcan icon by
Sergiu Bagrin
from www.flaticon.com
Originial Football player silhouettes by
Freepik
from
                www.freepik.com
Original Star icon
Link
from
                www.simpleicon.com
Original Tactics icon by
Freepik
from www.flaticon.com
Original Venue icon by
Pablo
from www.onlinewebfonts.com
International Football Simulator
Chameria flag by
MrSean101
from www.wikipedia.com
Felvidek flag by
Hammersfan
from www.wikipedia.com
Padania flag by
Orzetto
from www.wikipedia.com
Parishes of Jersey flag by
PaD
from www.wikipedia.com
Raetia flag by
Dandej
from www.wikipedia.com
Sardinia flag by
ANGELUS
from www.wikipedia.com
Lezgians flag by
Шарваланг
from www.wikipedia.com
Panjab flag by
Hammersfan
from www.wikipedia.com
United Koreans In Japan flag by
Various Authors, original upload by Valentim
from www.wikipedia.com
Darfur flag
original upload by Walden69
from www.wikipedia.com
Matabeleland flag by
Hammersfan
from www.wikipedia.com
Cascadia flag by
Vanisaac, orignal upload by Lexicon
from www.wikipedia.com
Alderney flag by
Denelson83
from www.wikipedia.com
Gotland flag
original upload by AxG
from www.wikipedia.com
Hitra flag by
Mono
from www.wikipedia.com
Western Isles flag by
Leonardo Piccioni de Almeida
from www.wikipedia.com
Gozo flag by
Sannita
from www.wikipedia.com
Provence flag by
Pce13
from www.wikipedia.com
Two Sicilies flag by
F l a n k e r
from www.wikipedia.com
Saint Barthelemy flag by
Superbenjamin with coat of arms from user Manassas
from www.wikipedia.com
Madeira flag by
Zscout370, original by Brian Boru
from www.wikipedia.com
Saba flag by
Denelson83
from www.wikipedia.com
Sint Eustatius flag by
Andrwsc
from www.wikipedia.com
Ascension Island flag by
HowFalcons
from www.wikipedia.com
Lima flag by
Huhsunqu
from www.wikipedia.com
Montevideo flag by
cpvrn
from www.reddit.com
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools