About
About Qwickly
Qwickly Symposium
News
Employment
Products
Product Overview
Qwickly Attendance
Qwickly Course Tools
Qwickly Jot
Watch Product Demo
Start Free Trial
Configuration Guides
Solutions
For Attendance Taking
For Financial Aid
For Law Schools
For Online Courses
For Student Communication
Case Studies
Resources
Webinars
How To Videos
User Guides
FAQ
Release Notes
Product Training
Qwickly Community
Support
Qwickly Privacy Policy
Qwickly, Inc. understands the importance of privacy by focusing on transparency to meet client needs. Any data cached by Qwickly products is intended for use in addressing institutional challenges or meeting institutional standards. This data is for clients to apply as needed and to do with as they choose.
General Privacy Policy
Qwickly, Inc. does not share or distribute personal user information & data with institutions, companies, associations, etc. Any data collected of this type is intended for use by the licensing institution.
General statistics are gathered to gauge use of Qwickly products to help determine future development. These statistics are basic integer values, not connected to specific users.
Qwickly products are designed to not store personally identifiable information (PII). When PII can be used to enhance the use of a product, the goal is to keep its impact at a minimum. Institutions first need to opt-in to have this type of information cached with Qwickly and individual users have the right to opt-out at any point. Data will always be deleted on request and, as necessary, work can be completed to make sure mechanisms for data deletion meet client needs.
User login to Qwickly products is accessed through their learning system (LMS/VLE). With the exception of an administrator, Qwickly users are accessing products via learning system integration (through REST APIs) and are typically provided with an authorization prompt upon first-time use to allow this behavior. The administrator logging into to the Qwickly Dashboard to manage settings and other product features is selected by each institution and additional administrators are added at the discretion of each institution.
Qwickly, Inc. prides itself as a company in keeping client information safe through proper safeguards. If there were a breach of security in any form, clients would be notified immediately of the situation along with the necessary steps that would be taken to ensure the safety of client information from that point and moving forward.
Qwickly FERPA Statement
Qwickly, Inc. FERPA Statement
About FERPA
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) (20 U.S.C. § 1232g; 34 CFR Part 99) is a Federal law that protects the privacy of student ‘education records.’  By licensing Qwickly products, Qwickly may have access to ‘education records’ from the institution.  The law applies to all schools that receive funds under an applicable program of the U.S. Department of Education.
Education Records
To the extent that Qwickly has access to ‘education records’ from the institution, Qwickly acts as a ‘school official,’ as defined under FERPA.  Qwickly will not use ‘education records’ for any purpose other than in the performance of the services under the product license.  Except as required by law, Qwickly will not disclose or share ‘education records’ with any third party unless permitted by the terms of the license or to subcontractors who have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of the ‘education records’ to the same extent required of Qwickly.  In the event any person(s) seek to access ‘education records,’ whether in accordance with FERPA or other federal or relevant state law or regulations, Qwickly will immediately inform the institution if allowed by law or judicial and/or administrative order.
Data Security
Qwickly acknowledges all ‘education records’ are and shall remain property of the licensing institution.  This includes any information or data that is collected, processed, or aggregated based upon use of licensed Qwickly product at the institution.  Qwickly will only use ‘education records’ as necessary to provide the applicable services.  Qwickly’s privacy policy will be followed and maintained to protect and safeguard ‘education records.’  If Qwickly believes that any ‘education records’ have been subject to unauthorized access or data breach, Qwickly will promptly notify the institution.
Data Deletion and Disposal
Upon expiration of a product trial, product pilot, or product license, Qwickly will provide sixty (60) days for the institution to electronically download any and all backups and archived data.  During this time, main contacts at the institution will receive email notifications regarding this opportunity to download data.  After this sixty (60) day time period, any and all instances, backups, and archived data will be deleted and destroyed in accordance with industry standards.  The licensing institution does have the option to request prompt and immediate data deletion at any point during the sixty (60) day time period.  Qwickly may retain aggregated and anonymized data after termination or expiration of the product license.
Qwickly GDPR Statement
Qwickly, Inc. GDPR Statement
About GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is the primary law regulating how companies protect European Union (EU) citizens’ personal data with regard to the processing, collecting, storing, destroying, and free movement of such data.
Data Security
By design, Qwickly products do not store or cache personal data.  When personal data can be used to enhance the use of a product, the goal is to keep its impact at a minimum.  In these instances, institutions first need to opt-in to have this type of information cached with Qwickly and individual users have the right to opt-out at any point.  If there were a breach of security in any form, Qwickly will promptly notify the institution of the situation along with the necessary steps that will be taken to safeguard information from that point.
Data Deletion and Disposal
Upon expiration of a product trial, product pilot, or product license, Qwickly will provide sixty (60) days for the institution to electronically download any and all backups and archived data.  During this time, main contacts at the institution will receive email notifications regarding this opportunity to download data.  After this sixty (60) day time period, any and all instances, backups, and archived data will be deleted and destroyed in accordance with industry standards.  The licensing institution does have the option to request prompt and immediate data deletion at any point during the sixty (60) day time period.  Qwickly may retain aggregated and anonymized data after termination or expiration of the product license.
Data Processing Addendum
Institutions in the European Union (EU) will have individual, signed data processing addendums.  Review the standard
Qwickly GDPR data processing addendum
.
Compliance Details
Qwickly is an ISO 20071 compliant company with certification.  Among the highest levels of cybersecurity certification in the world, the compliance focus provided by ISO 20071 Certification has broad implications that meet robust and globally-accepted standards.  This certification covers, and often exceeds, the compliance requirements of a variety of entities & standards, such as StateRAMP (which includes individual states like TX-RAMP) and SOC2.  Qwickly’s dedication to cybersecurity provides all users the assurance their data is protected to the highest, internationally-accepted standards.
Qwickly, Inc. utilizes a variety of privacy and security platforms.  Our
Trust Center
is located in our Vanta auditing and compliance platform.
This Trust Center includes information on compliance, subprocessors, & security controls, along with additional resources such as the Higher Education Community Vendor Assessment Tool (HECVAT).  The HECVAT allows higher education institutions to assess the information security data protection practices and cyber security policies of their technology vendors. The questionnaire framework provides a standard template so that security teams can operate more efficiently.
Qwickly Attendance Privacy Policy
Qwickly Attendance products, by default, do not store any user information outside of learning system (LMS/VLE) database IDs. Specifically, this ID is the primary key the learning system assigns the user and is in no way an identifier of the user outside of the learning system. The tool requests all of its information directly from the learning system and caches the data in a session cookie.  Qwickly Attendance products do not store names, ID numbers, or any other user data, unless an institution opts to cache said data.  Students are able to access their own Qwickly Attendance records in courses, but they are never able to see other student data while logged into their own learning system account for any course in which they are enrolled as a student.
Caching Student Data with Qwickly
When an institution opts to turn on data caching for Qwickly Attendance products, the data collected includes student course attendance records, instructor name, instructor email address, student name, student email address, student ID/Student Information System ID, learning system (LMS/VLE) instructor database ID, and learning system (LMS/VLE) student database ID. A complete list of data-points collected is available at client’s request.
Important information on caching student data with Qwickly is available here.
Other details are available here
.
                    Students have the ability to individually opt out of data caching, at which point all information cached on that individual would be removed.
More information on student data in reports is available here.
Student Data Transparency
Administrators can access a view to look at the exact user data Qwickly caches.
Details on this view are available here.
Data Storage and Deletion
Qwickly Attendance products are deployed on Amazon Web Services' (AWS) servers and use an AWS Aurora Instance in which to store data. We do not own any of the data centers, our AWS Aurora Instance has three locations: us-east-2a, located in Ohio, USA; eu-west-2 in London, England; ap-southeast-2 in Sydney, Australia. For more information,
please refer to the official AWS release
on their practices.  Qwickly stores attendance records of existing clients for 7 years.  Data instances are automatically deleted 60 days after a client leaves the platform or after the expiration of a trial/pilot.  This waiting period provides ample time to download data.  Records and data-points can be deleted immediately upon leaving the platform by client request.  If an institution decides to turn off the ‘cache student data’ option after having it turned on, previous student data would be retained until a request to remove it was made.
Qwickly Attendance administrators at each institution also have the option to delete individual student attendance data at any time. This allows flexibility to meet specific institutional policies. Note that this is a permanent deletion and cannot be reversed. Review more details on
Deleting User Data
.
Qwickly Course Tools Privacy Policy
Qwickly Course Tools does not store or cache any user information. This product requests all of its information directly from the learning system (LMS/VLE) on a per use basis. The actions performed by Qwickly Course Tools work within the confines of the learning system and do not require Qwickly to store or cache any personal data.
Google User Data
No data obtained from Google is stored, shared or used for any purposes by Qwickly. Google user data use is limited to users choosing to share file contents or links to files or Youtube videos from the Google picker with third parties.
Artificial Intelligence Statement
Qwickly products do not use Artificial Intelligence (AI) in any features and functionality.
Qwickly Website Privacy Policy
Qwickly, Inc. ("us, "we", or "our") operates http://www.goqwickly.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from the users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site and our Products. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time you spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this. We may also use this information for targeted advertising.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information provided you have not opted out of these communications.
In rare cases we will contact you with non-promotional information, even if you have opted out of these communications. Theses instances include: upcoming renewal of your product or major critical software bugs that are identified. You will only be contacted in these cases if you are the primary account contact for your organization.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
By using this site, third parties may place cookies on users’ browsers for targeted advertising purposes.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to Qwickly Privacy Policy
The privacy policy above is effective as of May 2024 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
Qwickly, Inc. ("us, "we", or "our") reserves the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgement of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
Qwickly is an ISO 20071 compliant company with certification.  Among the highest levels of cybersecurity certification in the world, the compliance focus provided by ISO 20071 Certification has broad implications that meet robust and globally-accepted standards.  This certification covers, and often exceeds, the compliance requirements of a variety of entities & standards, such as StateRAMP (which includes individual states like TX-RAMP) and SOC2.  Qwickly’s dedication to cybersecurity provides all users the assurance their data is protected to the highest, internationally-accepted standards.
Qwickly, Inc. utilizes a variety of privacy and security platforms.  Our
Trust Center
is located in our Vanta auditing and compliance platform.
If you have any questions about the policies above or would like additional information on security policies, please contact us through a
support ticket
.