Privacy Policy
English (U.S.)
English (U.S.)
English (U.S.)
Chinese (Simplified)
中文 (Zhōngwén) (简)
French
Français
German
Deutsch
Indonesian
Bahasa Indonesia
Japanese
日本語 (にほんご)
Portuguese (Brazil)
Português (Brasil)
Spanish (United States)
Spanish (United States)
Thai (Thailand)
Thai (Thailand)
MARRIOTT VACATION CLUBS PRIVACY NOTICE
INTRODUCTION
WHO THIS NOTICE APPLIES TO
DATA WE COLLECT, HOW WE COLLECT IT AND HOW WE USE IT
OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE
HOW WE USE COOKIES, PIXELS AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR DATA
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS TO USE OUR SERVICES
HOW WE MANAGE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
HOW TO CONTACT US
OUR REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY CONTACTS
MARRIOTT VACATION CLUBS PRIVACY NOTICE
MARRIOTT VACATION CLUBS PRIVACY NOTICE
INTRODUCTION
WHO THIS NOTICE APPLIES TO
DATA WE COLLECT, HOW WE COLLECT IT AND HOW WE USE IT
OUR MOBILE APPLICATIONS
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE
HOW WE USE COOKIES, PIXELS AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
HOW WE DISCLOSE YOUR DATA
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR DATA
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
MINIMUM AGE REQUIREMENTS TO USE OUR SERVICES
HOW WE MANAGE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
HOW TO CONTACT US
OUR REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY CONTACTS
THE MARRIOTT VACATION CLUBS™ GLOBAL PRIVACY NOTICE
Introduction
The Marriott Vacation Clubs™, Marriott Vacation Club®, Sheraton Vacation Club®, Westin Vacation Club®, Abound by Marriott Vacations™, and Vistana Signature Network® programs and products are independently owned and operated in respective parts by Marriott Vacation Club International (“MVCI”) and Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc (“VSE”) (collectively, “TMVC,” “we,” “our,” or “us”). TMVC represents one of the most exciting vacation ownership programs available. With over 90 premium resorts and city properties throughout the U.S., Caribbean, Europe, Australia, and Southeast Asia, TMVC is here to help you live the vacation lifestyle.
When you use our products or services, such as when you purchase or participate in our timeshare ownership programs, visit or stay at one of our properties, use our mobile applications, visit our websites, or when you interact with us, we may obtain data from and about you, your travel companions, and your devices.
We designed our Global Privacy Notice (“Notice”) to provide transparency into our privacy practices and principles in a format you can navigate, read, and understand. We are strongly committed to respecting your privacy.
The programs and products MVCI and VSE provide under The Marriott Vacation Clubs™, Marriott Vacation Club®, Sheraton Vacation Club®, Westin Vacation Club®, Abound by Marriott Vacations™, and Vistana Signature Network® brands are not owned, developed, or sold by Marriott International, Inc. We use the Marriott marks under license from Marriott International, Inc. and its affiliates. The Marriott Bonvoy™ program is owned and operated by Marriott International, Inc., whose separate privacy statement and terms and conditions apply.
Our Notice includes details about
Who this Notice applies to
, such as those who visit TMVC websites, TMVC app users, owners of a TMVC vacation ownership interest (“Owner” or “Owners”), guests who visit or stay at our properties who are not Owners (“Guest” or “Guests”), business contacts, and customers;
The types of data we collect from you
, like your name, email address, IP address, and financial data, such as credit card, loan, and payment information;
The ways we use your data
, such as to provide services to our Owners, on-site reception and stay services, amenities during your stay, payment services, lending services, marketing, and customer support;
Our mobile applications
, which have features you can enable, location services, and push notifications, when you opt in through your mobile device’s settings;
How we use cookies, pixels, and other technologies on our websites
, such as to conduct website analytics and offer personalized advertising experiences, and how you can manage your cookie preferences;
How we disclose your data
to our service providers and other entities, such as marketing partners and our affiliates. Although we do not sell your data, we may share it with service providers to provide you services. You have the option to opt out of this sharing, described in the “Do not Sell or Share” section;
How you can submit requests
to exercise your privacy choices or rights depending on your location, such as to access, delete, and correct your personal data, through our
Privacy Portal
;
How you can communicate your privacy preferences
on our websites, such as through updating your cookie settings through the website banner or using the Global Privacy Control;
How long we keep your data
, which we determine based on the business purpose for which we collect your data and our legal, accounting, or reporting requirements;
Minimum age requirements to use our services
, which are not intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly solicit personal data from children under 16; and
How to contact us,
such as through our
Privacy Portal
, if you have privacy-related questions, comments, or concerns.
Who This Notice Applies To
Website visitors;
TMVC Apps users;
Owners and Guests;
Owners;
Business contacts;
General.
This Notice applies to personal data we collect that identifies, relates to, describes, can be associated with, or could reasonably identify you as an individual. This includes data like your name, date of birth, telephone number, address, or email address. This Notice also applies to sensitive personal data, a category of personal data that includes special categories of personal information, like credit card information, health data, and account log-in credentials. Throughout this Notice, we refer to the “processing” of personal data, which means how we use or take any action with your personal data.
“Our mobile applications” section below describes how we collect and use your data when you use TMVC Apps.
This Notice does not apply to:
Other Marriott Vacation Worldwide Corporation brands and businesses;
Marriott International, Inc. and The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC;
The Marriott Bonvoy™ program;
TMVC job applicants; and
TMVC employees or contractors.
Data We Collect, How We Collect It and How We Use It
The personal data we collect from you depends on how you interact with us and the choices you make. We use your personal data for our legitimate interests, which are ways that you would reasonably expect us to use your data for our business purposes. We limit our use of your personal data to the purposes described in this Notice.
If we collect a new category of personal data not listed below, we will update this Notice to reflect that change. If you continue to provide us with personal data or use our services after such changes are effective, you agree to the changes for any new data we collect.
How we collect your data
We collect your data through the following ways:
directly from you, such as when you use our websites, visit any of our properties, or interact with us offline in person, via social media, email, mail or over the phone;
from customer care centers, when you contact our Customer Advocacy team;
from Internet-connected devices that access the Internet at our properties and our websites, such as your mobile phone, tablet, and laptop;
when you use our TMVC Apps (see “Our mobile applications” for more details);
from vacation ownership properties and homeowner associations;
from our service providers, such as vendors that host our website, conduct joint marketing, or provide resort amenities, and Marriott International;
third parties, like those who perform analytics for our website;
from public sources, such as public databases and social media.
visit TMVC websites, such as
https://www.marriottvacationclub.com/
(“our websites”);
download and use TMVC Apps;
create a TMVC account with us through our websites or TMVC Apps;
visit any of our properties;
purchase or finance a vacation ownership interest;
participate in our vacation ownership programs as a current or prospective Owner;
book a visit and stay at one of our locations as an Owner or Guest;
communicate or interact with us, like through TMVC Community websites, email, phone, or in person;
manage your Vacation Club Points;
engage in our marketing activities, such as signing up for email or text message marketing;
participate in our promotions, contests, and sweepstakes programs; or
work with TMVC in a business context as a service provider;
from Marriott International, Inc. or The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, L.L.C. in accordance with our license agreements with them.
when you engage with a chatbot on the MVC community websites; and
when we use a virtual voice assistant (VVA) when you contact us via phone
Data we collect and how we use it
The following table lists how you may interact with us, the categories of personal data we collect, examples of personal data we collect, and how we use each category of personal data that we collect.
Personal data we collect that identifies, relates to, describes, can be associated with, or could reasonably identify you as an individual. This includes data like your name, date of birth, telephone number, address, or email address. This Notice also applies to sensitive personal data, a category of personal data that includes special categories of personal information, like credit card information, health data, and account log-in credentials. Throughout this Notice, we refer to the “processing” of personal data, which means how we use or take any action with your personal data.
Artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) are integral to our operations, enhancing various aspects of our business processes that allow us to provide the best customer service and vacation experiences for our Owners and Guests. AI and ML chatbots and virtual assistants are employed to streamline tasks, improve productivity, and provide quick, personalized support for our Owners and Guests.  Automated decision-making enables us to make data-driven decisions to better serve you. Your personal information may be processed using one or more of these technologies depending on the type of interaction listed in the chart below.
Type of interaction
Categories of data we collect
How we use your data
Website visitors
Unique identifiers
, including online identifiers; device ID; first and last name, email address; and phone number.
Geolocation data
, including your state, country/region of residence, zip/postal code; IP address; and device location data (when you enable location services in your device's settings).
Internet activity and network data
, such as cookies, pixel tags, analytics, browser and device data, operating system type, system settings, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with our website or advertisements, including access logs.
Respond to your requests for information and provide customer service assistance when you complete information requests forms on our website.
Improve, measure, and maintain our online advertising and marketing campaigns.
Improve, support, secure, and manage our website and supporting Information Technology ("IT") services.
TMVC Apps users
Unique identifiers
, like online identifiers and mobile device ID.
Geolocation data
, like your approximate geographic location, IP address, and device location data (when you enable location services in your device's settings) to determine whether you are at one of our properties to send notifications or alerts.
Internet activity and network data,
such as browser and device data, operating system type, device system settings.
Personalize your experience in our TMVC Mobile Apps.
Send push notifications about property features or alerts through our TMVC Apps when you are at one of our properties (see "Our mobile applications" for more information).
Provide the shared online TMVC community where you can upload and share your approved vacation photos, videos, testimonials, and blog posts through your TMVC account (see "Our mobile applications" for more detail).
Improve and manage our IT services.
Owners and Guests
Unique identifiers
, including first and last name, home address, phone numbers, and date of birth.
Protected characteristics
, such as your age and gender.
Sensitive personal data
, including:
health information, like allergies and disabilities.
financial data, like credit card and other payment data.
government-issued identification, including driver's license, visa, or passport.
photos.
nationality.
other government documents, like marriage licenses or name change decrees (for example, if you would like to change your name on your TMVC account).
family member data (for example, family member health data, disability information).
Geolocation data
, including IP address and device location data.
Internet activity and network data,
such as app usage, analytics, browser and device data.
Commercial information
, including customer records, such as:
records of personal property, products, or services purchased, or other purchase histories or tendencies.
travel data, such as reservation and booking information, itineraries, membership data, and loyalty program data.
Personal preferences
, like amenities, room type and location, resort activities, prior stays, and special occasions.
Profiles and inferences
, including characteristics, descriptions, preferences, requests, predispositions, language preferences, behavior, and activities you may be interested in (for example, we may infer ages of family members to provide recommendations for children's camps and other family activities at our properties).
Audio, video, and other electronic data
, including voice recordings from your telephone calls with us, which we monitor and record; audio, video footage, or images recorded by security cameras, monitoring public areas on our properties; photos and videos that you tag or share with us through social media posts; approved photos and videos that you upload through the TMVC community page as an TMVC account user; and other audio recordings, such as those from meetings and webinars.
Professional and employment-related information
, such as job title, company, industry, occupation, and education (for instance, if you stay at one of our properties as part of a business conference or event).
Social media information
, such as your LinkedIn profile, websites, or public account information.
Financial information
, such as social security numbers and income collected for loan application, purchase, financing.
Purchase or finance a vacation ownership interest with us.
Provide booking and guest registration services, online and on-site at our properties.
Manage on-site reception and stay services at our properties.
Manage customer records, such as Guest visit records and payment records.
Customize your stay and provide special accommodations.
Respond to inquiries from you or from your authorized agents or proxies.
Provide customer support.
Perform identity verification for your accounts.
View loyalty program information.
Conduct business development and customer relationship management activities.
Process payments.
Provide property amenities, such as spa, beauty, golf, pool, and fitness services.
Offer activities and host events on our properties.
Provide family and child-related services at our properties.
Improve and maintain our marketing campaigns, such as generating leads and reposting photos and videos you tag or share with us through social media or upload to the TMVC Community through your TMVC account (with your permission).
Provide food and beverage services at our properties.
Offer and manage spa, beauty, golf, pool, and fitness services.
Owners
In addition to what we collect from Guests as described above, we also collect the following from Owners:
Unique identifiers
, including your owner number.
Sensitive persona data
, such as financial data, asset information, bank account number, and other payment data; and social security number.
Commercial information
, including customer records, such as:
Vacation Club points data.
records of personal property, products, or services purchased, or other purchase histories or tendencies.
Owner satisfaction surveys.
Maintain Vacation Club member accounts.
Provide owner and financial services, such as managing vacation ownership accounts and records, processing loan applications, offering lending services, collecting payments, and debt recovery.
Provide the shared online TMVC community where you can upload and share your approved vacation photos, videos, testimonials, reviews, and blog posts through your TMVC account.
Post the photos, videos, testimonials, reviews, and blog posts you share with us on our websites (with your permission).
Offer promotions and contests.
To improve our services and offerings.
Administer sweepstakes and prize fulfillment (note, we do not sell or share your personal data in exchange for financial incentives, nor do we collect personal data beyond what you provide to us as an Owner).
Business contacts
Unique identifiers
, such as first and last name, work email address, phone number.
Professional and employment-related information
, like job title and employer.
Audio, video, and other electronic data
, including audio, video footage, or images recorded by security cameras monitoring public areas on our properties; and other audio recordings, such as those from meetings and webinars.
Communicate with you as part of our business relationship.
General
We collect different personal data from you depending on how you interact with us, as listed out in the categories above.
Improve our products and services, both online and on-site at our properties.
Record and review how users interact with our websites to improve website functionality.
Provide and improve our customer service.
Plan and manage conferences and events at our properties.
Secure and improve our properties, websites, and Apps.
Conduct customer surveys, including obtaining feedback on your experience at our properties, and with our services, amenities, customer service, websites, and TMVC Apps.
Manage emergency and incident response.
Improve and manage our IT services.
Cooperate with governmental or regulatory authorities relating to any regulatory or compliance requirements, reporting, or as otherwise required by law.
Comply with legal and reporting obligations under applicable laws and regulations.
Maintain general TMVC business and resort operations.
Quality assurance and training purposes.
Our Mobile Applications
The TMVC Apps are available for owners and guests to search destinations, access resort information, ownership information, book reservations, and create a profile to engage with the TMVC community. These TMVC Apps are available to download on the Apple Store and Google Play store. You may use our TMVC Apps with or without logging in with an TMVC account. These TMVC Apps also allow you to sign in using your existing TMVC account or create one within the TMVC Apps.
We do not store any of your data on our TMVC Apps. We also do not display third-party advertisements to you or send you marketing communications through our TMVC Apps. We may display promotions in our TMVC Apps to use your TMVC Points if you are an Owner.
TMVC Apps settings
We provide certain features in our TMVC Apps that you may choose to enable when you stay at one of our properties, such as front desk chat, which allows you to message the front desk for assistance. We only enable your access to this feature during your reservation period when you visit a property as an owner, or when you are a guest and share your reservation details with us.
Photos
Using our TMVC Apps, you can engage with the TMVC Community and share your favorite vacation photos and videos. You may only upload and share your photos and videos through our TMVC Apps if you are logged into your TMVC account. Our TMVC Apps will not access your photos without your permission. To upload your photos and videos, you must allow our TMVC Apps to access your photos through your device’s settings. We do not store your photos and videos on our TMVC Apps. We do not use your photos or videos without your permission.
Biometric log-in
You can log into our Apps using biometric signatures, such as facial recognition or fingerprint, if you turn on biometric authentication in your mobile device’s settings. To log in using your biometric signature, you may grant our TMVC Apps to access through your device’s settings.
Push notifications
You may opt in to receive push notifications from our TMVC Apps. We may send you notifications about property features and alerts while you stay at one of our properties. If you choose to opt in, we may collect data about the device you are using, such as information about your device’s operating system. If you wish to stop receiving push notifications at any time, you can opt out of receiving push notifications by changing your mobile device’s settings.
Location-based services
If you enable location-based services in your mobile device, you can grant our TMVC Apps access to your location through your mobile device’s settings. We do not use location-based services to advertise or market to you. We enable certain functionality based on your geolocation. While you are visiting one of our properties and are logged into your TMVC app, we use geolocation to provide you with alerts (see “Push notifications,” above). While we do offer promotions in our TMVC Apps if you are a Guest or an Owner, our promotions are appropriately directed to your user experience as an Owner or a Guest.
Opting out of data collection
You may opt out of data collection by changing your mobile device’s settings, as mentioned above in “TMVC App settings” or uninstalling our TMVC Apps. You may also delete your TMVC account through our TMVC Apps. We do not store any information on our TMVC Apps. If you delete your TMVC account and uninstall our TMVC Apps, we will no longer collect data about your TMVC account settings. If you uninstall our TMVC Apps but do not delete your account, our server will store data about your online account (including shared photos, videos, stories, and updates to your password) so we can provide you with your requested services.
Do Not Sell or Share
We do not sell your personal data. However, we do use third-party services on our website to send you relevant ads and perform analytics and reporting. That means we share your personal data as defined under certain privacy laws. You can learn more about these technologies in “How we use cookies, pixels, and other technologies” below.
For example, we share your information when we disclose information about you (like when you visit our websites) tied to unique identifiers, like device IDs, with third parties for targeted advertising under certain privacy laws. Not all disclosure of personal data is considered sharing, like when we disclose your data to our service providers.
When you tell us not to share your personal data, we will not disclose your personal data for these purposes. To tell TMVC “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data,” click on “Cookie Settings” in the footer of our website and toggle off “Share or Sale of Personal Data.”
Personal data we shared in the last 12 months
California privacy law requires us to tell you that in the past 12 months, we have shared personal data with the following categories of third parties:
advertising networks;
data analytics providers;
search engine and web advertising providers;
social media platforms;
website optimization, function, and accessibility providers; and
customer engagement platforms.
We shared the following categories of personal data for the following reasons:
We shared device identifiers and internet network activity using the cookies on our website to facilitate online advertising.
We shared IP address and usage information in a way that does not directly identify you to create aggregate reports.
See “Data we collect, how we collect it, and how we use it” for more information about the data elements we collect and how we use them. Refer to “How we disclose your data” below for details about with whom we disclose your data.
How We Use Cookies, Pixels and Other Technologies
We use certain technologies on our website to provide you with an experience tailored to your needs. This section provides a summary of:
the types of cookies on our website;
how you can manage your preferences; and
an overview of the other technologies we use to provide services.
Cookie details
For more details about each category of cookies and to manage your preferences, please click on the “Cookie Settings” link at the footer of our website.
Changing your cookie preferences
Most web browsers can be set to detect or reject cookies. If you reject cookies, some features on our website may not work properly. See “Cookie details” to understand how we use cookies on our website. You can update your cookie preferences by clicking on “Cookie Settings” in the footer of our website.
Global Privacy Control
Some browsers and browser extensions support the “Global Privacy Control” (GPC) or similar controls that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating your choice to opt out from certain types of data processing, including targeted advertising, as specified by applicable law. When we detect such a signal, we will make reasonable efforts to respect your choices indicated by a GPC setting or similar control recognized by regulation or otherwise widely acknowledged as a valid opt out preference signal.
Do Not Track
Some browsers include a "Do Not Track" (DNT) setting that can send a signal to the websites you visit, indicating you do not wish to be tracked. Unlike the GPC described above, there is no common understanding of how to interpret the DNT signal; therefore, our websites do not respond to browser DNT signals. Instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the GPC, cookie controls, and advertising controls described below.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies, we also use the following technologies:
Email web beacons
We use web beacons (clear images) in our emails to let us know when you open or click a link in an email. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of certain communications. Certain email service providers can be set to block the automatic downloading of images, including web beacons.
Pixels and tags
Pixels and tags are transparent images embedded in a website, email, or ad which share information with us or our third-party providers about your activities on our website so that we can provide you with more tailored advertising. To opt out of information sharing, click on “Cookie Settings” in the footer of our website.
Analytics tools
Analytics tools let us measure and understand how users interact with our website, TMVC Apps, and communications. These third-party tools may use many of the same technologies explained above, like cookies and web beacons. Note that most of the data these analytics partners collect does not directly identify you.
Location-based services
We use your device’s location-based services, which can determine your device’s location. When you browse our website, we use your location to offer you a better targeted advertising experience. Before we access precise location data, we will ask your permission. We may, however, estimate your general location without seeking specific consent – for instance, we may use your IP address to conduct website analytics and see the general location from where you are visiting our website.
When you enable location-based services in your mobile device’s settings, our TMVC Apps collect geolocation to identify if you are at one of our properties. We use this information to send you alerts and notifications about property features. You can change your location data permissions in your mobile device’s settings. See “Our mobile applications” for more information.
See “Data we collect, how we collect it, and how we use it” for details on how we use geolocation data.
How We Disclose Your Data
We disclose your personal data as required by law and as part of our business practices. We only share personal data on a need-to-know basis where appropriate safeguards and contractual arrangements are in place and as described below.
With the primary account user
We may disclose personal data about a secondary TMVC account user (such as a family member) to the primary TMVC account user (the party financially responsible for the account). The primary account user may also authorize other users to access account information.
Service providers
We disclose your data to service providers that require access to your data for the uses described in this Notice or for purposes you have requested. These service providers are authorized to use your personal data only as necessary to provide us services. If you interact with service providers through our products and services, we may facilitate the transfer of your personal data for those services. The types of service providers we disclose your data to include:
cloud hosting providers to provide data storage and processing services;
vacation property service providers, like housekeeping, security services, and e-vehicle charger companies; and
other suppliers, sub-contractors, partners, vendors, and other service providers acting on our behalf.
Marketing partners and other third parties
We share data with marketing platforms, such as Salesforce, Facebook, Google, and Microsoft for advertising purposes. Please see “Personal data we shared in the last 12 months” for more detail. Refer to “Your privacy choices,” below, to understand how to opt out of this sharing.
We also may share your data with Marriott International, Inc. in connection with your use of the Marriott Bonvoy™ program when you stay at our properties or participate in a presentation and purchase a TMVC vacation ownership interest or in connection with our obligations under our license agreements with Marriott International, Inc. and The Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company, LLC.
Among our affiliates
We disclose personal data to our affiliates to provide you services, for marketing and advertising, and other uses, as described in this Notice.
In a business transfer or transaction
We may disclose or transfer personal data about you as part of a corporate business transaction, if there is a merger or acquisition, divestiture, sale of company assets, or in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. In these cases, we may transfer personal data to third parties as a business asset. We may also disclose personal data to banks and similar entities for purposes of transferring loans in connection with your vacation ownership financing or for securitization.
With government authorities and law enforcement agencies
We may disclose personal data to government authorities and law enforcement agencies where we believe that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary, including:
to comply with laws, regulations, legal process or to respond to lawful requests;
to enforce or apply agreements, or initiate, render, bill, and collect for products and services (including disclosure to collection agencies to obtain payment);
to protect the rights, interests, property, or safety of TMVC, our Owners and Guests, and others;
in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation;
to protect you or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of these services, and other fraudulent activity.
Your Privacy Choices
Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights related to how we collect and use your personal data. You may submit a privacy request through our
Privacy Portal
. Below is a summary of your privacy choices and how to exercise them.
Privacy choices
We fulfill privacy requests in a timely manner after receiving your request, in accordance with applicable laws. Note that we may be limited in fulfilling your request, if complying with your request would conflict with:
federal, state, or local law;
regulatory inquiries;
subpoenas; or
exercising or defending legal claims.
Access
– To access your personal data, please submit an access request through our
Privacy Portal
. Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal data we have collected (see “Data we collect, how we collect it, and how we use it”);
specific pieces of personal data we have collected;
our business or commercial purposes for collecting, or selling or sharing personal data;
the sources from which we collect personal data;
the types of third parties we disclose personal data to; and
the types of personal data we disclose for business purposes.
Portability
– You have a right to receive your data in a structured, machine-readable format.
Correct
– If you have an TMVC account, you can correct or make changes to your personal data directly through your account, when you sign into your account through our website or through the TMVC App. For any changes that you cannot make through your TMVC account portal, or if you do not have an TMVC account, please submit a correction request through our
Privacy Portal
. You may also submit requests for correction through Customer Advocacy, Financial Services, and Owner Services.
Delet
e – To delete your personal data, please submit an access request through our
Privacy Portal
. We may not delete all your data if certain exceptions apply. For example, we may keep personal data that is necessary to bill you for services, to continue providing the services you requested or purchased, detect security problems, or troubleshoot. If you request that we delete your personal data, we might not be able to offer some services to you, or they may not work the way they are supposed to or in the ways you are used to.
Opt-out of the sharing of information
– You can opt out of certain ways we share your personal data, either through the “Cookie Settings” link on our website footer, or through your browser’s settings. See “Do not Sell or Share” and “How we use cookies, pixels, and other technologies” above for more information.
Object to processing
– You can object to the ways we use your personal data by submitting a request through our
Privacy Portal
. We will no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate an overriding legitimate business purpose for using that data.
Object to automated decision making or profiling
– You have the right to object to the use of your personal data for automated decision making, like automated processing of loan applications for vacation ownership. You can also contact us through our
Privacy Portal
and as described in “Exercising your choices” below to reconsider an automated decision. You also have the right to object to our use of personal data for profiling, like personalizing your experience based on a profile of your amenity and dining preferences as a Guest or Owner. Please note, this may affect the way we offer you certain services.
Limit the use of sensitive personal data
– You have the right to limit the use of sensitive personal data we collect to only uses which are necessary to perform business functions. We only use sensitive personal data for our business purposes so there are no additional steps to take to limit this processing.
Restrict processing
– You have the right to ask us to limit the ways we use your personal data:
where you believe your personal data is inaccurate and while we verify accuracy;
where we want to erase your personal data as the processing is unlawful, but you want us to continue to store it;
where we no longer need your personal data for our processing, but you require us to retain the data for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims; or
where you have objected to us processing your personal data based on our legitimate interests and we are considering your objection.
You can contact us through the
Privacy Portal
or as described in “Exercising your choices” below to submit a request to restrict processing of your personal data.
Non-discrimination
– We will not treat you differently for exercising your privacy choices described above.
Appeal
– If we cannot fulfill your request, we respond to you explaining why we could not fulfill your request. In this situation, residents of certain states are entitled to submit an appeal. If you submitted your request through our
Privacy Portal
, you may submit an appeal as a response through the
Privacy Portal
; otherwise, please contact us as described in the “How to contact us” section.
File a complaint
– If you would like to make a complaint related to our privacy practices, we ask that you please contact us as a first step through the
Privacy Portal
. We will do our best to address and resolve your complaint.
Exercising your choices
If you wish to exercise any of the above rights, contact us through on of the means described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
Verifying your identity
We verify your request by asking you to provide certain identifying information, such as your email address. We are required to verify your identity before we can give you access to, or delete, your personal data. In certain cases, we may request government issued identification, such as a driver’s license, or a notarized form to verify your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will unfortunately have to deny your request. This is to protect you. Please note that submitting a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
Authorized agents
If you wish to use an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, you must provide the authorized agent with your written and signed permission. We may deny a request from an authorized agent if the agent cannot provide us with your signed permission demonstrating that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf.
Communications preferences
You can choose whether to receive optional communications from us by email, such as marketing communications. If you do not want to receive these emails, you can do so by following the directions in that message or by contacting us through our
Privacy Portal
.
California Shine the Light Law
Under the California Shine the Light law, California residents may request information about whether a business has disclosed personal data (as defined in that law) to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share such information for direct marketing purposes.
International Data Transfers
We are a global brand with locations throughout the U.S., Caribbean, Europe, Asia, and Australia. We share your personal data among our affiliates as necessary and transfer it outside of your country of residence. We may transfer your personal data to other jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country. To the extent required by law, we take measures to protect the cross-border transfer of your information, including using Data Processing Addenda, International Data Transfer Agreements, and Standard Contractual Clauses.
How Long We Keep Your Data
We keep your personal data for as long as necessary to satisfy all legal, accounting, or reporting requirements as well as to satisfy the business purpose for which we collected your data.
How We Protect Your Data
The security and confidentiality of your data are very important to us. We use reasonable and appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal data from loss, theft, and unauthorized use, access, modification, or destruction. We also require third parties and service providers acting on our behalf or with whom we share your data to maintain security measures in accordance with applicable law and industry standards.
We regularly review our security practices. Please remember that despite our best efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of information. If you have any questions about the security of our website and services, please contact us as described in “How to contact us” below. For your own security, please do not send any confidential personal data to us outside of our website or business communications.
Minimum Age Requirements to Use Our Services
We do not direct our online services, like our websites and TMVC Apps, to knowingly collect or disclose the personal data of children under 16 online. To use our online services, such as to use our TMVC Apps, create user accounts, or view our websites, you must be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data. If we learn a child under 16 has provided us with personal data, we will take immediate steps to delete such data.
How We Manage Updates to This Notice
We keep this Notice up to date. When we make changes, we will let you know by updating this Notice and the date at the bottom of this page. If you continue to provide us with personal data or use our services after such changes are effective, you agree to the changes to this Notice.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information-handling practices, or if you would like to request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please contact us through one of the following methods:
Web:
Privacy Portal
Mail:
The Marriot Vacation Clubs
Attn: Global Privacy Office
7812 Palm Parkway
Orlando, Florida 32836
United States of America
Email:
privacy@mvwc.com
Phone:
888-914-9661 Pin: 401282
For privacy information specific to your region, please see “Our Region-Specific Privacy Contacts” below.
Our Region-Specific Privacy Contacts
Residents of any of the countries we serve can submit privacy requests to our
Privacy Portal
or contact us at the address above in “How to contact us.” We have provided additional information for those who reside in one of the regions below.
Country
Region-specific information
Australia
If you would like to make a complaint related to our privacy practices, we ask that you please contact us as a first step as described in "How to contact us" above. We will do our best to address and resolve your complaint.  If your complaint is not resolved, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC):
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner
GPO Box 2999
Canberra, ACT 2601
Australia
Phone: 1300-363-992
Fax: 02-9284-9666
Website:
oaic.gov.au
European Economic Area (EEA)
If you would like to make a complaint related to our privacy practices, we ask that you please contact us as a first step as described in "How to contact us" above. We will do our best to address your complaint.  If your complaint is not resolved, you may contact the Irish Data Protection Commission:
Data Protection Commission
21 Fitzwilliam Square South
Dublin 2
D02 RD28
Ireland
Phone: 01 7650100 / 1800437 737
Website:
dataprotection.ie
People's Republic of China
If you would like to make a complaint related to our privacy practices, we ask that you please contact us as a first step as described in "How to contact us" above. We will do our best to address and resolve your complaint.  If your complaint is not resolved, you may contact the relevant data protection supervisory authority.
Columbia
Residents of Colombia may call us at 1-800-011-0204
Japan
Residents of Japan may contact us at the following address and phone number:
Marriott Vacation Club International of Japan, Inc.
103-0014 1-12-7, Nihonbashi Kakigaracho, Chuo ward, Tokyo. WACROSS
NINGYOCHO 2F, Representative Director: Global Privacy Officer
Phone: 888-914-9661 Pin: 401282
Mexico
Residents of Mexico may write to us at the following address:
Data Controller
Promociónes Marriott, S.A. de C.V.
Calle Lago Zurich 219, Piso 16, Torre Carso II
Col. Ampliación Granada, Miguel Hidalgo
C.P. 11529, Ciudad de México
México
Singapore
Residents of Singapore may contact us at the following address and number:
MVCI Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
8Temasek Blvd.
#09-01/02 Suntec Tower 3
Singapore 038988
Attn: Data Protection Officer Bjerken, A
Phone: 65-6877-6181
Spain
If you would like to make a complaint related to our privacy practices, we ask that you please contact us as a first step as described in "How to contact us" above.  We will do our best to address and resolve your complaint.  If your complaint is not resolved, you may contact the Spanish Data Protection Authority:
Agencia Española de Protección de Datos
C/ Jorge Juan, 6. 28001 Madrid
Phone: 900 293 183
United States - California
Residents of California may call us at 888-914-9661, Pin: 401282
March 10, 2025 (3:58 pm)
©2024 Marriott Vacation Club International. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy & Cookie Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Cookie Settings
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacy-portal-mvwc.my.onetrust.com/webform/711fd727-975b-4078-b1d2-af57070c5360/faa7ebec-e777-4488-bc18-f3b8a8e22fc4:
Welcome to The Marriott Vacation Clubs (TMVC) Privacy Webform!
“TMVC” recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy and security of your personal information. When providing our products and services, TMVC may act as data controller or processor in accordance with applicable laws. As a leader and innovator in the industry, TMVC upholds the highest standards of excellence in serving its customers and associates.
Trust and transparency is foundational to TMVC's culture. TMVC has a strong commitment to providing excellent service to our customers which includes respecting their concerns about privacy. We are fully committed to protecting the privacy and security of all data entrusted to us. TMVC's Global Privacy Office (GPO) has no higher priority than the privacy of everyone's' data; we treat all data with the same level of care and protection as if it was our own.
To ensure that we comply with your request properly and we fulfill any business, contractual or legal obligations, we ask that you to fill out this request form as completely as possible.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our Full
Privacy Policy
.
Thank you!
TMVC Global Privacy Office
Country
Enter country of residence.
*
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
For owners, please use the email associated with your account. This email will be used for correspondence.
Address
City
Zip
Select a File
Files larger than 4 MB are not supported.
Submit Request
Enter country of residence.
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
For owners, please use the email associated with your account. This email will be used for correspondence.