PRIVACY POLICY
Updated March 3
rd
,
2020.
A Starting Point LLC (“A Starting Point”)
respects the sensitive nature of any personal information you provide
to us.  We have created this Privacy Policy in order to
demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of those who visit our
website
https://www.astartingpoint.com/
(the “Site”).  This Privacy Policy describes our
online information collection, storage and disclosure practices and
the choices you have regarding how your personal information is
collected and used by us and our service providers.  By
accessing and using the Site, you consent to the collection, use and
disclosure of information through the Site as described in this
Privacy Policy.
Residents of the European Economic Area
(“EEA”), which includes the member states of the European Union
(“EU”), should consult the sections of this policy relating to
the “Rights of EEA Residents” and “International Data
Transfers” for provisions that may apply to them.
California residents should consult the section titled “Your
California Privacy Rights” for rights that apply to them.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy
Policy at any time.  In the event we make changes to this
Privacy Policy, such policy will be re-posted in the “Privacy”
section of our Site with the date such modifications were made
indicated on the top of the page or we may contact you to inform you
about the revisions with a link to the revised Privacy Policy.  All
changes are effective on the date listed at the top of this page and
will apply to all information that we have about you.  Your
continued use of the Site or the services that we provide
(“Services”) after any change is posted indicates your acceptance
of the changes and your continued consent to our processing of your
personal data.  If at any point you do not agree to any
portion of this Privacy Policy then in effect you should immediately
stop using the Site and the Services.  Because this Privacy Policy
contains legal obligations we encourage you to review this Privacy
Policy carefully.  If you have any questions concerning
this Privacy Policy or our information collection, storage and
disclosure practices, please contact us at info@astartingpoint.com or
mail us at A Starting Point, 1626 Wilcox Avenue, Suite 104, Los
Angeles, California 90028-6206.
Personal Information That We Collect and How
We Use It
A Starting Point collects personal data about
you when you visit the Site.  “Personal Information” is
information that may be used to directly or indirectly identify you,
including your name, email address, physical address, phone number or
other information about you.  The majority of such Personal
Information is collected when you register with the Site, use our
Services, subscribe to updates, sign up for our mailing list or
otherwise provide us with your contact information.  Some
of this Personal Information will be required if you wish to partake
in the Services that we provide.
In general, the type of Personal Information we
collect includes, but is not limited to:
Personal Information to contact you to promote
	our Services or alert you to features or matters of interest;
Personal Information necessary to use the
	Services that you have requested, including establishing an account;
Un-identifiable and aggregated Personal
	Information pertaining to your Site visits that help us maintain the
	appropriate features, functionality and user experience
We and our service providers use that data to:
(i) enable you to log in to the Site; (ii) enable you to contact your
government representatives; (iii) guard against potential fraud; (iv)
contact you if there is a problem with your account; (v) provide
answers to your inquiries or questions; and (vi) maintain regular
communication with you as may be necessary to inform you of offers,
updates and other information regarding A Starting Point and its
Services.
Social Networks
If you choose to connect to our Site through a
third-party social network such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and
other networks (each, a “Social Network”), we may collect
Personal Information from your profile on such Social Network, such
as your name, user name, and email address.  In addition, our Site
offers features that will allow you to share information from our
Site to a Social Network or share information from our Social Network
sites.   If you decide to use such features, they may allow the
sharing and collection of information both to and from such Social
Network so you should check the privacy policy of each Social Network
before using such features.
Non-Identifiable Data and Aggregated
Personal Information
Regardless of whether you register for an
account or submit information to us, A Starting Point and third
parties performing services for us may send one or more "cookies"
to your computer.  Cookies are small text files placed on your
web browser when you visit our Site that store information on your
computer, such as your Site preferences.  We use cookies when
you sign in to keep track of your personal session.  We also use
cookies to track your activity on the Site as a unique person.  For
security purposes, all of this information is stored in encrypted
form.  This data may be used to display information about our
Services on websites operated by third parties.
You can set your web browser to inform you when
cookies are set, or to prevent cookies from being set altogether.
 Please note, however, that if you decline to use cookies, you
may experience reduced functionality and slower site response times.
A Starting Point or our service providers,
including Google Analytics, may also collect web surfing data related
to your use of the Site.  Such information may include: your
Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, and internet service
provider (ISP); your operating system; which of our web pages you
access and how frequently you access them; referral or exit pages;
click stream data; and the dates and times that you visit the Site.
 This data may be collected using cookies, web beacons, page
tags or similar tools.  As with cookies, the web surfing
information is anonymous, "click stream" transactional data
that is not associated with any users as individuals.
Web surfing data and similar information may be
aggregated for administrative purposes.  A Starting Point may,
for example, use this aggregated information in the administration of
the Site to improve its usability and to evaluate the success of
particular marketing and advertising campaigns, search engine
optimization strategies, and other marketing activities.  We
also use it to help optimize the Site based on the needs of our
users.
How and When Your Information Is Shared With
Other Parties
A Starting Point does not sell, trade or
license Personal Information about its users for marketing purposes.
 We do, however, work with a number of trusted partners who
perform vital functions as part of our operations, including
processing users’ postal codes to determine their government
representatives and allowing users to contact and send messages to
their government representatives.  We do not share your Personal
Information unless it is necessary to fulfill our responsibilities,
including providing information or services to you.
Additional Sharing of Information
We contract with companies or individuals to
provide certain services related to the functionality and features of
the Site, including content streaming, email, messaging and hosting
services, software development, client services, data collection and
management, and other administrative functions.  We call them our
“Service Providers.”  We may share your information with our
Service Providers as appropriate for them to perform their services
for us and our Service Providers are permitted to use your Personal
Information only for such purposes.  Our Service Providers are
legally required to keep your Personal Information private and
secure.
We may share your Personal Information with law
enforcement or other government agencies as required by law or for
the purposes of limiting fraud. We reserve the right to disclose your
Personal Information when we believe that disclosure is necessary to
protect our rights or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court
order or legal process. We further reserve the right to disclose any
of your Personal Information that we believe, in good faith,
appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability, to
investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations,
to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or
integrity of the Site or our services, or to protect the rights,
property or personal safety of A Starting Point, its users, issuers,
or others.
We may share your Personal Information in
connection with a corporate reorganization or transaction, such as a
divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely
event of bankruptcy.
Notwithstanding any of the above, we will not
share your Personal Information if such sharing is prohibited by
applicable privacy and data protection law, including, without
limitation, the EEA’s General Data Protection Regulation effective
May 25, 2018 and the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”).
Rights of EEA Residents
This section of the Privacy Policy is applicable to residents of the
European Economic Area (“EEA”).  The EEA consists of the member
states of the European Union, i.e., Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia,
Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia,
Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania,
Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom, and
Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway.  This section also applies to
residents of Switzerland and, in the event of its departure from the
EU, residents of the United Kingdom.   Residents of the EEA and
Switzerland are referred to here as “EEA Residents.”
From May 25, 2018, all processing of Personal Information of EEA
Residents is performed by A Starting Point in accordance with the
General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of
natural persons regarding the processing of Personal Information and
on the free movement of such data (“GDPR”).
Under the GDPR, A Starting Point is both the controller and a
co-processor of the Personal Information of EEA Residents.  A
Starting Point’s purpose for collecting and processing Personal
Information from EEA Residents is to authenticate user accounts and
subscriptions to our mailing lists and to provide marketing
information about our Services. The legal basis for collecting
Personal Information for subscribing to our email lists is your
consent, including during the sign up process.  You may withdraw
consent for obtaining such communications by following the
“Unsubscribe” instructions on any communication or by contacting
us at
info@astartingpoint.com
.
EEA Residents may obtain information about the Personal Information
that A Starting Point holds about them by contacting A Starting Point
at
info@astartingpoint.com
.
International Data Transfers
If you are resident outside the United States, including in the EEA,
we transfer Personal Information provided by you for processing in
the United States.  Under the GDPR, A Starting Point is considered a
“controller” and a “co-processor” of the Personal Information
of EEA Residents.  By providing Personal Information to A Starting
Point for the purpose of obtaining Services, you consent to the
processing of such data in the United States.  The transfer of your
Personal Information to the United States is necessary for the
performance of a contract between you and A Starting Point for
obtaining Services.
Please note that the United States does not have data protection laws
equivalent to those in the EEA and other jurisdictions.
Notifications and Communications from Our
Site
Communications Regarding Our Services
We will send you email notifications and free
newsletters from time to time with suggestions and other information.
 Some notifications are communications relating to us and our
Services.  You may “opt-out” from receiving such communications
by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions provided in the
email.
Legal or Security Communications
We also send out notices that are required for
legal or security purposes.  For example, certain notifications
are sent for your own protection.  In other cases, these
notifications involve changes to various legal agreements, such as
this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service.  Generally, you may
not opt out of such emails.
Account Communications
We may also send communications providing
customer support or responses to questions regarding the operation of
the Services.  Generally, you may not opt out of such emails.
Deleting Your Information
If you want us to delete your Personal
Information and your account, please contact us at
info@astartingpoint.com with your request.  We will take steps to
delete your information as soon as we can, but some information may
remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise
required by law.
Personal Information Retention
We retain the Personal Information we receive as described in this
Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to
fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our
Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits,
pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and
comply with applicable laws.
Links to Other Sites
If you follow any links that direct you away
from the Site, including links to social media sites, among others,
this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activity on the other
sites you visit. We do not control the privacy policies or the
privacy practices of any third parties.
Privacy in Submitted Materials
If you submit any photos to us, including
through a social media platform, such as Instagram, such photos may
be displayed on the Site, including photos of yourself or other
individuals.  By submitting such materials you forego any
privacy rights in such materials.  Please consult the
Terms
of Service
for other conditions relating to submission of
materials to A Starting Point through social media sites.
Security Policy
We take commercially reasonable steps to
protect our customers’ Personal Information against unauthorized
disclosure or loss.  However, no data transmission over the
Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Therefore,
while we strive to protect user information we cannot ensure or
warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from
the Site.  You engage in such transmissions at your risk.
If you believe your Personal Information is being improperly used by
us or any third party, please immediately notify us via email at
info@astartingpoint.com
.
Children Under 13
This Site is restricted to the use of adults
over the age of majority in their place of residence.  No
portion of the Site is directed to children under the age of
13.  Consequently, we do not knowingly collect personal
identifying information from any person we know is a child under the
age of 13.  If we learn that we have collected personal information
from a child under age 13 we will delete that information as quickly
as possible.  If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13
years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal
Information, please contact us
at
info@astartingpoint.com
.
Links to Third Party Platforms
This Site or communications may contain links to third party
websites, over which we exercise no control, including in the form of
embedded content, sponsored content or co-branded content.  Except as
set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Data
with those third parties and we are not responsible for the privacy
policies of any third party or their management of your Personal
Information.  Because they may treat your Personal Information
differently than we do, we suggest you read the privacy policies on
those third party websites prior to submitting any Personal
Information to such sites.
In addition, you may be redirected to a third party platform for
certain functions.
See
above section regarding “Additional
Sharing of Information.”
Your California Privacy Rights
The following section
pertains to the rights of individuals or households in California
(“California consumers”).
Civil
	Code Section 1798.83
Under certain circumstances,
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 states that, upon receipt of a
request by a California consumer, a business may be required to
provide detailed information regarding how that business has shared
that customer’s Personal Information with third parties for direct
marking purposes. However, the foregoing does not apply to businesses
like ours that do not disclose Personal Information to third parties
for direct marketing purposes without prior approval or give
customers a free mechanism to opt out of having their Personal
Information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes.
Rights
	under the CCPA
After January 1, 2020, the CCPA (California Civil
Code Section 1798.100
et seq.
) will provide California
consumers with additional rights regarding Personal Information that
identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated
with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly with a
particular consumer or household. The categories of Personal
Information we collect are generally described above but differ for
individual consumers depending on the Services used by such
consumers.
Under the CCPA,
qualifying California consumers may have the following rights:
Right to Know and
Right to Delete
A California consumer has the right to request
that we disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose
and sell. A California consumer also has the right to submit requests
to delete Personal Information.
When we receive a request to know or delete from a
California consumer, we will confirm receipt of the request within 10
days and provide information about how we will process the request,
including our verification process. We will respond to such requests
within 45 days.
Right for Disclosure of Information
A California consumer may also submit requests
that we disclose specific types or categories of Personal Information
that we collect.
Under certain circumstances, we will not provide
such information, including where the disclosure creates a
substantial, articulable and unreasonable risk to the security of
that Personal Information, customers’ account with us, or the
security of our systems or networks. We also will not disclose
California consumers’ social security numbers, driver’s license
numbers or other government-issued identification numbers, financial
account numbers, any health insurance or medical identification
numbers, or account passwords and security questions and answers.
Submitting Requests
If you are a California consumer and would like to
make any requests under the CCPA, please direct them as follows:
A
Starting Point, 1626 Wilcox Avenue, Suite 104, Los Angeles,
California 90028-6206
info@astartingpoint.com
Verifying Requests
If we receive any request we will
use a two-step process for online requests where the California
consumer must first, clearly submit the request and then second,
separately confirm the request. We will use other appropriate
measures to verify requests received by mail or telephone.
In submitting a request, a
California consumer must provide sufficient information to identify
the consumer, such as name, email address, home or work address, or
other such information that is on record with us so that we can match
such information to the Personal Information that we maintain.
Do
not provide social security numbers, driver’s license numbers,
account numbers,
credit or debit card numbers, medical
information or health information with requests
. If requests are
unclear or submitted through means other than outline above, we will
provide the California consumer with specific directions on how to
submit the request or remedy any deficiencies. If we cannot verify
the identity of the requestor, we may deny the request.
California
	Do Not Track Disclosures
Although some browsers currently
offer a “do not track (‘DNT’) option,” no common industry
standard for DNT exists. We therefore do not currently commit to
responding to browsers’ DNT signals.
Your Rights and Obligations
We ask that you
keep the Personal Information that you provide to us current and that
you correct any information you have provided us by contacting us at
info@astartingpoint.com
.  You represent
and warrant that all Personal Information you provide us is true and
correct and relates to you and not to any other person.
If
you are a resident of the EEA and wish to access or correct the
Personal Information that A Starting Point has about you or have any
questions relating to the processing of your Personal Information,
please contact us at
info@astartingpoint.com
with the subject line “GDPR Data.”
If you use
the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your account and for restricting access to your computer or device,
and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur
under your account.