Stories
Voices
Podcasts
Events
Search
Log In
Subscribe
Stories
Voices
Podcasts
Events
Follow Us
Privacy
Data Protection Notice of Currency Media Limited (the “Company”)
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. You, the User, may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with the Company (“
Personal Data
”). We will use your Personal Data to administer your account including to enable you to access the content and services of the Company, to collect subscription payments from you and for all purposes which are reasonably incidental to your relationship with the Company. We will not ask you to provide any Sensitive Personal Data, as that term is defined in the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (“
GDPR
”). The Company and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Policy. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested but if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have. We may also contact you for marketing purposes, subject to any preferences expressed by you.
The Company complies with the Data Protection Acts 1998 – 2003, the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and any amendments thereto. The Company has prepared this Privacy Policy to describe the manner in which it collects, uses, discloses and otherwise manages Personal Data in connection with its website and or software.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By continuing to access and use the website, you are deemed to have understood and agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy in respect of the information collected about them via the Website. If you do not accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not access or use the website.
The Personal Data we collect may include your name, contact details, work address, profession, billing address, IP address, payment details, bank card payment information, phone number and email address. When you sign up for newsletters, we will collect information to enable us to provide you with a tailored newsletter including your email address, name, newsletter topics which you are interested in and links which you can follow from the newsletter.
We obtain your consent to the use your Personal Information for the provision of the Services, access to the website and collection of the Subscription Fees as those terms are defined in our
Terms and Conditions
.
From time to time, we may use your Personal Data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research.
We will retain your Personal Data until either you close your account or you unsubscribe from the email newsletter, whichever is the earlier. Up until this point, we will require the Personal Data in order to provide you with the services. We may keep your details for a reasonable period following a termination of your relationship with the Company but shall not keep it for any longer than is necessary (generally no longer three years in accordance with the statute of limitations) for use for the purposes mentioned above and will at all times comply with any statutory provisions, order or court order compelling erasure or amendment of your Personal Data.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to the use of your Personal Data at any time; please write to us at
info@thecurrency.news
or in a form prescribed by the Company from time to time.
You are entitled to access a copy of your personal data and to have any inaccurate or misleading data amended or erased. If you would like to avail of these rights please write to us at
info@thecurrency.news
. The Company takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Data it processes is accurate, complete and current, however we would also encourage you to let us know if any of your details change (e.g. address, phone, e-mail, etc). Users who are registered members can update their Personal Data or change their settings once logged in. If registered members of the website wish to cancel their registration, they can do so by contacting the Company at the email address provided below:
members@thecurrency.news
.
We may disclose personal information to our agents, service providers and professional advisers, and to such other third parties as may be reasonably required or permitted by applicable law. This may involve the transfer of your personal information outside of the European Economic Area where appropriate.
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website. Cookies can be read by the Website on your subsequent visits. The information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the webpage, or a unique identification number so that the Website can “remember” you on your return visit.
Our website uses two different types of cookies. Subscription cookies or sessional cookies are used only for session management. The data is not shared, in encrypted and expires when the session is completed.
We also use persistent cookies or analytical cookies, which are used on most websites across the web. These cookies are used primarily for analytical and statistical purposes. They typically persist for a period between 2 months to 4 months. If you wish to opt out of analytics tracking and analytical cookies you must do so on these third party sites or by changing your browser settings. The type of data we collect is:
Your IP address –
in order to track your activity;
Anonymous data about your device –
your operating system (e.g. iOS11), device type (e.g. tablet);
Anonymous aggregated demographics
– for example your current city and other anonymous data;
Anonymous data about your browsing
– content you read and browsing patterns.
Device information
– Currency Media also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Site and the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Site and Services. For example, Currency Media use device information to detect abuse, identify, number of devices connected with your account and troubleshooting.
We collect and process this data as part of our drive to ensure the highest level of customer satisfaction. The Company may review details of your account history and usage patterns in aggregated and anonymous form to assist in identifying overall customer trends and preferences. We may also look at your specific usage patterns so that we can provide you with marketing information which is more tailored to your individual preferences.
This data helps us optimise the way the site is structured and how content is arranged on the site. It also allows us to show interested parties how many people access the different parts of our site and on average how often they visit. This allows understanding of how many people look at our content at different times of the day etc. These statistics are always calculated on an aggregated basis – never individually.
Our third-party service providers, Google Analytics and Intercom, may process anonymised data in a manner consistent with their respective privacy policies and the GDPR in order to provide certain services and features. The services and features include analytical services in respect of the people accessing the Services, automated interactive assistance technology and payment services. Copies of the privacy policies of Google Analytics, Intercom and Crazyegg can be accessed from the following links:
https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631?hl=en&ref_topic=1008008
https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#terms_customer-data
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy
Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such and are provided for information purposes only. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or the privacy practices of other websites.
Taking into account the costs of implementation and the nature, scope, context and purposes of collecting Personal Data as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons, we shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the Processing as would be expected from a reasonably prudent Data Controller.
In assessing the appropriate level of security, we shall take account of the risks that are presented in particular from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to the stored Personal Data. We store your data within the EU.
Your Rights Under Data Protection Law
You have several rights under data-protection law in relation to the personal information that Currency Media holds about you. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will ask you to verify your identity. We will consider your request and provide a response within one month. These rights are described in detail on the Data Commissioner’s website and summarised below:
Right of Access: You are entitled to have access to your personal data which we hold (this is more commonly known as submitting a “data subject access request”). Typically, there is no fee for this, however, we have the right to apply a reasonable fee in exceptional circumstances.
Right of Portability: You can request a copy of the personal information we hold about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and if technically feasible, have your personal information transmitted to another data controller in a machine-readable format.
Right to rectify: If it is found that personal data is inaccurate, you are entitled to have the inaccurate data removed, corrected or completed, as appropriate.
Right to withdraw consent: You have the right to withdraw your consent to any future processing for which you have previously given that consent. There are also options to unsubscribe accessible from a link contained in each newsletter, available from the account section of our website or you can write to us at the address below.
Right to Erasure: Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled, on certain grounds, to have your personal data erased (also known as the “right to be forgotten”).
Right to Restriction: Restrict processing of your personal information in certain circumstances
Right to object to processing: You are entitled to object to our use of your personal information for our legitimate interests, for profiling and for direct marketing purposes.
Rights relating to automated decision making including profiling: You are entitled to not be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing where that decision produces a legal effect on you or otherwise significantly affects you. We do not make automated decisions of this nature.
Right to complain: You are entitled to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner if you have concerns about how we process your personal data. You can complain directly to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, by telephone at +353 1890 25 2231 and/or by email to
info@dataprotection.ie
. You can also make a complaint directly to the relevant data protection authorities in the country where you are ordinarily resident.
“We” means the Company and any subsidiaries or holding company or any subsidiary of such holding company and their respective legal successors or assigns from time to time.
The terms
Data Controller, Data Processor, Data Subject, Process/Processing and Special Categories of Personal Data
shall have the same meaning as described in the GDPR.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or our data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of please write to us. Our Data Protection Officer is: Edel Robinson at
info@thecurrency.news
.
This privacy policy is governed by the laws of Ireland and Users submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish Courts in respect of any dispute.
© 2025 Currency Media Limited
Sign In
Email
Password
Forgot your password?
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy:
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Opt Out
Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
January 6, 2025
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Crazy Egg, Inc. (“Crazy Egg”, “we”, “us”, “our”) on our websites located at the domains crazyegg.com, crazyeggvcr.com, and crazyeggproxy.com, as well as such other websites or mobile applications that we own or operate (individually and collectively, “Our Website” or the “Crazy Egg Website”).
Scope of this Privacy Policy
As further discussed, below, data protection laws, regulations, and directives in certain jurisdictions distinguish between the rights and responsibilities of “Controller(s)” of personal information or data (“Information”), from those who are “Processor(s)” of such Information or data on the applicable controllers’ behalf. Crazy Egg is generally the controller of Information that it collects from and about the persons and entities who are visiting Our Website (“Crazy Egg Visitors”), and this Privacy Policy applies to Crazy Egg Visitors.
We also provide certain services to commercial persons and entities (each, a “Client” and collectively, “Clients”), who, in turn, own and operate their own websites or mobile applications (“Client Site(s)”), and who wish to utilize our code, software and services and reports (the “Service(s)”) to analyze how third party visitors to their Client Sites (“Client Site Visitor(s)”) use, interact with, and engage their Client Sites. The applicable Clients are the Controllers of Information collected from their Client Site Visitors, whether or not such information is accessed, analyzed, or otherwise utilized by or on behalf of the Client via the Service (“Client Visitor Information”); Crazy Egg is not the Controller of such Client Visitor Information. This Privacy Policy applies to the use of Services by our Clients. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the Client Sites themselves, nor to any Client Visitor Information. For any questions regarding the privacy, security, or other practices or policies on the Client Sites, please contact the applicable Client.
Information Collected from Crazy Egg Visitors
Device Information from Crazy Egg Visitors
We may receive and collect certain Information furnished by the visitor's browser or otherwise by their access device (“Device Information”), such as:
Browser Information
Operating System Information
Mobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)
IP address (stored in anonymized form)
Page Accessed
Geographic Location
Time of visit (by day, week, and duration)
Whether the visitor is a new or return visitor
Other such Information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device.
Referral Information
We may also receive certain information regarding visitors from the prior website visited by such visitors (“Referral Information”). For instance, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from another website, Crazy Egg may receive certain information from the referring website (i.e., the last website the visitor visited before visiting the Crazy Egg Website) as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol ("HTTP") request. For example, if a Crazy Egg Visitor navigates to the Crazy Egg Website from a search engine, Crazy Egg may receive information contained in the referring URL for the applicable search query, such as the terms the Crazy Egg Visitor was searching for before visiting the Crazy Egg Website.
Registration Information from Crazy Egg Clients
When Crazy Egg Visitors register as Clients to use the Crazy Egg Service, register to use a trial version of the Crazy Egg Service, or request additional information about Crazy Egg, Crazy Egg may require Information, such as name, employer or company name, e-mail, mailing address, phone number, financial information (e.g., credit card number, billing address), and/or proposed Client Site to be tracked, to process the registration or request ("Client Registration Information").
Session Recording Information
We may use session recording software on the Crazy Egg Website. This software enables us to record Crazy Egg Visitors’ use, interaction, and engagement with the Crazy Egg Website. This software may capture user input, such as mouse and keyboard inputs and mobile gestures, and user views, such as browser or screen output. We use this software to help us optimize Crazy Egg Visitors’ experience. By using the Crazy Egg Website, you consent to our use of session recording software.
Crazy Egg’s Use of Crazy Egg Visitor Information
Crazy Egg may use Information of Crazy Egg Visitors, including Device Information and Referral Information of Crazy Egg Visitors and Client Registration Information, to:
authenticate Client’s access to the Crazy Egg Site, trial versions, or Service;
process and fulfill Client requests or purchases;
register Client accounts;
check the Crazy Egg Visitor’s qualifications for registration and/or to bill Crazy Egg Clients for the Services.
Crazy Egg may also use Client Information to:
provide Crazy Egg's products and Services, personalize and tailor your experience on the Crazy Egg Website;
operate our business;
understand how Clients are engaging with Crazy Egg Website and Service;
request additional information necessary to process or fulfill an order;
assess Client satisfaction with the Crazy Egg Service;
inform Clients that an upgrade is available; or to contact Clients with information about Crazy Egg, including information about new or existing products and services or special offers. For example, we may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to our products and Services to the email address associated with a registered account.
Otherwise for our legitimate business interests.
If Information is aggregated or de-identified so it is no longer reasonably associated with an identified or identifiable natural person, Crazy Egg may use it for any business purpose. To the extent Information is associated with an identified or identifiable natural person and is protected as personal data under applicable data protection law, it is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Personal Data”.
Use of Cookies by the Service
As described in our Cookie Policy, the Service may utilize first-party cookies (small text files that Crazy Egg stores locally on a Client Site Visitor’s device) on Client Sites for one or more of the following purposes: to help identify whether a Client Site Visitor is a first time visitor, or has visited previously (provided that we will not store identifiers that can be used to personally identify such Client Site Visitors); assess usage patterns and perform traffic analysis; identify preferences; diagnose problems with our Service; analyze trends; and otherwise administer Crazy Egg products and services. Cookies placed by Crazy Egg on the computers of Client Site Visitors do not include Personally Identifiable Information such as name, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address, nor does Crazy Egg link cookies to such Personally Identifiable Information on our servers or databases.
For further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy, which is incorporated in this Privacy Policy by this reference.
Information Collected by or on Behalf of Our Clients via the Service
Crazy Egg Clients use the Service to obtain information regarding how Client Site Visitors to their Client Sites are interacting with such Client Sites. This Service allows a Crazy Egg Client to evaluate and potentially modify its Client Site based on its findings regarding Client Site Visitors use and interaction with the Client Site.
Types of Client Visitor Information. Crazy Egg Clients may use the Service to collect, store, and analyze Client Visitor Information, on the Client’s behalf as the Controller of such Client Visitor Information, on Crazy Egg's servers, as the Client’s Processor of such Client Visitor Information. Such Client Visitor Information is transmitted in encrypted form, and pursuant to applicable data transfer provisions further described below. The Service may process such Client Visitor Information on behalf of the Client, to perform analyses and produce reports for the Crazy Egg Client. The interactions that may be recorded or analyzed (“Recorded Interactions”) may include mouse scrolls and clicks by a Client Site Visitor; and/or pages viewed or visited by a Client Site Visitor, including the duration of such visits. Recorded Interactions may also include images of the Client Site that are recorded during the Client Site Visitor’s interactions with such Client Site, such as, by way of example, images of forms displayed or populated by the Client Site Visitor on the Client Site, or other multimedia content that may be posted by Client Site Visitors. Such Client Visitor Information may also include Device Information and/or Referral Information from the Client Site Visitor. Client Visitor Information is provided to Clients in the form of aggregated reports and/or statistics that identify the collective behavior of Client Visitors to the Client's Site. Clients will also have access to Recorded Interactions through the Service.
Our Processing of Client Visitor Information.
As the Processor of Client Visitor Information, we will process Client Visitor Information only in compliance with the applicable Client’s instructions regarding the processing of Client Visitor Information, including any applicable
terms
, but subject to applicable laws and regulations regarding such Client Visitor Information, and as otherwise required by applicable law and regulations.
Crazy Egg Disclaimers Regarding Personally Identifying Information of Client Site Visitors.
Crazy Egg's Service is not designed to knowingly collect or extract from Client Visitor Information (including any Recorded Interactions or Device Information received from Client Sites through the Service) information that could be used to personally identify Client Site Visitors, such as a Client Site Visitor’s name, address or phone number ("Personally Identifiable Information") when a Client Site Visitor visits a Client Site that uses the Crazy Egg Service. Crazy Egg also generally prohibits Clients from collecting Personally Identifiable Information using the Service or otherwise providing Personally Identifiable Information of Client Site Visitors to Crazy Egg in connection with the Service.
Crazy Egg Does Not Collect Visitor Information Across Multiple Sites
Crazy Egg does not collect or aggregate information about visitor behavior on multiple, different websites.
Retention and Deletion of Client Visitor Information.
Crazy Egg will retain Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable
terms
and as required by applicable law. Client agrees and acknowledges that the deletion of Client Visitor Information may affect the delivery or performance of the Service. Crazy Egg will comply with such instructions to delete Client Visitor Information as soon as reasonably practicable and within a maximum period of 180 days, unless applicable laws require retention or earlier deletion. Crazy Egg may retain Client Registration Information as long as necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the other
terms
. This may include keeping Client Registration Information after the account has been deactivated as needed for Crazy Egg to pursue legitimate business interests, record keeping procedures, legal compliance, preservation of rights, security purposes, and enforcement of legal and contractual rights.
Client agrees and acknowledges that it will be responsible for exporting any Client Visitor Information or Client Registration Information that it wishes to retain following the termination of the
terms
Crazy Egg's Sharing and Disclosure of Crazy Egg Visitor Information and Client Visitor Information.
This section describes the manner and extent to which Crazy Egg may share and disclose Information. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary below or elsewhere herein, as between a Client and Crazy Egg, the Client is solely responsible for its policies and practices for the sharing and disclosure of Client Visitor Information as the Controller of such Information.
Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client Visitor Information.
Except to the limited extent described otherwise in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg never sells or shares any Client Visitor Information with individuals or companies other than the specific Client from whose Client Site Crazy Egg collected the Client Visitor Information.
Crazy Egg’s Default Policy Regarding Sharing of Client’s Personally Identifiable Information.
With the exception of the limited circumstances discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Crazy Egg does not provide Clients' Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for any purpose.
Disclosure Pursuant to the Client’s Instructions.
Crazy Egg will share and disclose Client Visitor Information in accordance with the applicable Client’s instructions, including any applicable
Terms
, and otherwise in compliance with but subject to applicable laws and regulations.
Subprocessors.
We may utilize affiliates or third parties as subprocessors of the Information, to support the Services, and otherwise to support the conduct of our business, to provide, by way of example, service such as computing and storage services. We will use subprocessors subject to contracts that are substantially as protective of Personally Identifiable Information as those contained herein, and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with Article 28(3) of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. For further information regarding our use of subprocessors, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Our Affiliates.
We may share Information hereunder with our corporate affiliates provided that such affiliates are obligated, contractually or otherwise under applicable laws, to be bound by our obligations with respect to such Information.
Change of Control.
If Crazy Egg, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company or successor entity, the Information hereunder will be one of the assets transferred or acquired by the purchaser or successor. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any purchaser of or successor to Crazy Egg or its assets may continue to collect, use and disclose your Information as set forth in this policy.
Payment Processors.
Like many companies that accept payment by credit card, Crazy Egg relies on third-party payment processors to process financial payments. When you make payments to Crazy Egg to obtain or use Crazy Egg's products or services, Crazy Egg may share Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, address, and credit card information, with qualified third parties in order to process your order.
Law Enforcement/Legal Process.
Crazy Egg reserves the right to disclose any Information (including Personally Identifiable Information): (1) to comply with any law, regulation, or legal request, if and to the extent that we reasonably believe disclosure is in accordance with or required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process; (2) to enforce, apply, or investigate breaches of the
Terms
or other agreements; or (3) protect the rights, property, user experience, or safety of Crazy Egg, our employees, our users, our Clients, or others.
Aggregated, Anonymized, Pseudonymized, or De-identified Information.
We may disclose or use aggregated, anonymized, pseudonymized, or otherwise de-identified Information for any purpose.
Transfer of Data Abroad; International Users.
Our Website is directed to visitors from the United States of America. If you are visiting Our Website or a Client Site from a country other than the United States of America the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy. By using Our Website or the Client Site, as applicable, you consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information in and to the United States, or other countries and territories, pursuant to the laws of the United States.
If we are asked by a Client to transfer Personally Identifying Information from a Client Site in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom to other countries not deemed to have adequate data protection regulations under applicable data protection law, we will offer to enter into the European Union Model Clauses, also known as Standard Contractual Clauses, or such other equivalent clauses issued by the applicable country, with the Client. To request to enter into such clauses, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Security and Protection of Visitor Information and Client Information
Crazy Egg implements security mechanisms to protect Visitor Information and Client Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Examples of these security mechanisms include limited and password-protected access, firewalls, and SSL encryption to protect transmission of data, as further described above and in our
Terms of Use
. For additional questions or information regarding our security standards, please contact us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Policy Concerning Children Under Age of 16
Crazy Egg does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under 16. If we learn that we have Personally Identifiable Information of a child under age 16, we will remove it. If you believe we have Personally Identifiable Information about a child under the age of 16, please notify us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Crazy Egg retains the discretion to amend or modify this policy from time to time. Use and disclosure of Information we obtain is subject to the later of: (1) the policy in effect at the time such visitor Information or Client Information is collected or (2) any subsequent policy to which you agree or of which you have notice, if you elect to use Crazy Egg or a Crazy Egg Client Site (including the Crazy Egg Website) following such acceptance or notice. If we make material changes in the way we use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you through one or more of the following means: a direct communication to your Crazy Egg account, a communication to the e-mail address associated with your account, or a clear and prominent announcement on the Crazy Egg Website. Your continued access to or use of Crazy Egg or websites that use Crazy Egg following notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute consent to any amendments and/or modifications.
For More Information / Your Information Rights
Privacy Officer / Notices.
Crazy Egg welcomes any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, including regarding any disclosure of third party information for direct marketing purposes. Any such comments or questions should be submitted via e-mail to: privacy@crazyegg.com.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information or other Information Stored at Crazy Egg
At any time, a Crazy Egg Client or Crazy Egg Visitor may access and/or modify their Personally Identifiable Information or other Information stored by Crazy Egg on their behalf, to enable them to access, rectify and restrict processing of their respective Information, and allow them to export their Information, by accessing their Crazy Egg account and contacting us at privacy@crazyegg.com.
California Information Rights.
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (the “Shine the Light” law), California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year certain disclosures about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of personal information, and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared personal information, for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2019 sharing activities). To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@crazyegg.com with a subject line of “Request for California Privacy Information.” Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Our practices with respect to such signals are set forth in
https://www.crazyegg.com/opt-out
.
Manage my cookie preferences
Edit preferences
close modal
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg.
Customize your cookies
We use cookies to provide a tailored experience on Crazy Egg.
Essential cookies
toggle marketing cookie consent
Cookies that are essential to the use and operation of our website and services.
Marketing and advertising
toggle marketing cookie consent
Cookies that are used by Crazy Egg to better understand the types of individuals who are interested in our products and services and how we can promote those services based on that information.
Analytics
toggle analytics cookie consent
Cookies that help us understand how visitors engage with our website, such as usage statistics, or to reconstruct viewed UI elements in order to improve our services.
Accept cookies
Edit cookies
Save preferences
Cancel
Opt out
Privacy policy
Cookie policy