Privacy Policy
Dazz
Cam
was c
reated
as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by
the developer
at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Dazz unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
We do not collect any personal information from you. But for your information, for Analytics we have int
e
grated some analytics SDK in our app as Facebook SDK. Based on Analytics data we see your uses of Apps various features and we update our app accordingly your usability and problems you faced.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Children’s Privacy
Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files. We use your email address and, in rare situations your mailing address or phone number, to contact you regarding administrative notices from time to time.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.