We're sorry but site doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Privacy Policy
Effective date: 2 November 2023
Evgenia Pervushina has created the Volume Boost, Resume Builder application (the “Services”) as a commercial application. This SERVICES is provided by Evgenia Pervushina and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Services.
If you choose to use my Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Services. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Services unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Services, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party Services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party analytics Services providers used by the app.
They are used to make user experience better and keep up with the high quality of the app.
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
One Signal
Amplitude
Link to privacy policy of third party cloud drive providers that may be used by the app.
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Services, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Services, the time and date of your use of the Services, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Services does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their Services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Services.
Services Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Services;
To provide the Services on our behalf;
To perform Services-related Services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Services is used.
I want to inform users of this Services that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Disclosure Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside Russian Federation and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Russian Federation and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Services will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Services may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Services
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Services
To protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Google user data
Some of our applications have the ability to connect to your Google Drive account, allowing you to manage files, edit audio tags for media files, and play media content located in your Google Drive account. Once you connect your Google Drive account to the application, it uses an OAuth access token and the official Google Drive SDK https://developers.google.com/drive/api/guides/about-sdk to handle requests to the Google Drive server.
We do not store any of your personal information when you connect your Google Drive account. All your personal information and connection data, including the access token, are securely stored locally on your device in the Keychain, a secure system storage.
You have control over your access. If you ever wish to revoke access to your Google Drive account, you can do so at any time by opening the account settings page in your web browser. Follow the steps outlined here: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/13533235
Additionally, within the application settings, you can disconnect your Google Drive account, and all connection data, including the access token, will be removed from your device. You can conveniently download your personal files from the connected Google Drive account to your device, and these files will be placed in the App Documents directory. You can remove these files at any time using the built-in file manager in the application.
Our applications do not share any information from your Google account. Our use and handling of data obtained from Google APIs comply with Google API Services User Data Policy https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy, including the Limited Use requirements.
Links To Other Sites
Our Services may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We h2ly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or Services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Services, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
This policy is effective as of
2 November 2023
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
support@omniapp.ru
By visiting this page on our website:
https://omniapp.ru