Privacy Policy
Overview
This Privacy Policy describes how our policies treats information that it
    collects and receives related to your use of our products, services, and
    websites. Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide and
    improve our products and services.
General
1. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all products/software,
    services and websites of EasyFun Game. (EasyFun Game, “our”, “we” or “us”)
    (collectively, the “Services”). You (“you” or “your”) consent to this
    Privacy Policy for collecting, using, disclosing and handling of your
    information (personal and device information) in connection with your
    access to, and use of, the Services.
2. The Services are not intended for use by anyone who is not able to enter
    into a legally binding contract. In any event, if you under 13 years old or
    if you are not able to legally form binding contracts, you may not use any
    of the Services or submit information about yourself to Us. If you have
    objections to this Privacy Policy, you should not access, sign up for, or
    use any of the Services
3. EasyFun Game reserves the right to modify these policies at any time. We
    invite you to periodically consult this section for possible updates and
    changes. Notification of any major changes may be sent to you by email or a
    system message to your account.
4. If you wish to contact our Privacy Officer, you may contact with Email:
    gamecontactteam@gmail.com.
Acceptance
Please read the policy carefully before you use or access our Services. By
    accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree with our collection, storage, use
    and disclosure of your information as described in the following sections.
    Please note that if you disagree with anything in this Privacy Policy, you
    must not use the Service.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW
Personal Information:
When you sign up for a user account for any of the Services, We collect
    personal information that can be used to identify you (“Personal Data”, or
    “data” or “information”).We may also collect Personal Data automatically,
    or from third-party partners or services. The Personal Data we collect
    includes:
1. Account Information
a. We collect some information from you when you provide it to us directly,
    such as via an email or online form, through the support feature embedded
    in our Services, or through another form of inquiry. This information may
    include your name, email, and phone number. If you apply for a job on our
    website, information you submit may also include a cover letter and any
    details included in your resume or curriculum vitae (CV).
2. Device Information
When you access our website or use our software, the information we collect
    include IP Addresses, location data, Device ID, Advertiser ID, browser type
    and settings, device type and settings, and operating system (such as iOS
    and Android).
3. Activity and Usage Information
While accessing or using the Services, we may automatically collect
    information about how you interact with the services. Such information may
    include your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device identifier,
    advertising identifier, MAC address, operating system, browser type,
    language preferences, referring and exiting pages, crash data, location
    data, purchasing activity, and other data regarding your activities on the
    Services. For more information, see the section on Cookies and Similar
    Technologies (“Tracking Technologies”).
4. Information we obtain from third parties
Our app integrates SDKs from several analytical service providers for app
    optimization purpose. These third-party SDKs may also collect your
    information such as GAID (Google Advertising ID on Android devices) or IDFA
    (Identifier for Advertising on iOS devices), region (defined as the
    location where a given language is used), location information and IP
    address. This Policy does not govern our third-party analytical tools. You
    can find their privacy policy on their websites. The partners we select to
    work with include but are not limited to Apple Annie (Apple Annie Inc.) and
    Firebase (analytical platform of Google LLC), etc. The information they
    provide to us is aggregated analytical data.
5. Information From Social Media Platforms
You may also choose to create an account with us using your Facebook or
    Google account credentials. When you log in using your Facebook or Google
    account, you authorize Facebook or Google to provide us with your personal
    information such as your name, profile picture, email address, language
    preference, and other information as listed in the authorization.
How and Why We Use Your Information?
1. We use your information to communicate with you, to ensure our services
    are working as intended, to make improvements to our services, to develop
    our business, and to protect against fraud and spam.
2. We provide the information we collect to third parties, such as
    advertisers, in order to provide you with commercial advertisements. The
    provision of such information generate revenue to pay in part or in whole
    for the Services. We do not provide personal information to third parties
    except for billing purposes.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your
    choices about not having this information used by these companies, click
    here (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).
3. We may use different technologies to process your information for these
    purposes. We may use automated systems to analyze your information to
    provide you with personalized services and personalized advertisements. And
    we may analyze your information to help us detect abuse such as spam,
    malware, and illegal content.
4. To serve personalized advertisements in our Services using third-party
    advertising networks. Our legal basis is legitimate interests to run our
    business. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, Norway or
    Switzerland, some of our third-party advertising networks, will rely on
    your consent to process Personal Data in order to provide personalized
    advertising to you, therefore you will be asked whether you consent to the
    collection of your mobile device advertising identifier and IP address so
    that they can provide a personalized advertisement experience.
To opt-out or withdraw your consent from receiving personalized
    advertisements, see the “Opt-out of targeted advertising” section below.
Security
We implement industry standard security measures intended to protect
    against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our
    control. Please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be
    guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee or warrant
    the security of any information you transmit on or through the Service and
    you do so at your own risk.
Transfers of Your Information
If you choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your
    information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or
    databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are
    located, including the United States. Such countries may have laws that are
    less protective than the country in which you reside. If you do not want
    your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the
    country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use the Site
    or Service.
Age Limits
Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of sixteen
    (16). We will not knowingly collect personal information directly from
    children under the age of sixteen (16) without parental consent. If you are
    under the age of sixteen (16), please do not provide us with information of
    any kind whatsoever. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with
    their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit. If
    you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received
    information from a child under the age of sixteen (16), please contact us
    immediately according at gamecontactteam@gmail.com.
Links to other Web sites and Third Party Ads
The Services may include advertisements regarding or otherwise contain
    hyperlinks to other websites, including those of our business partners,
    vendors and advertisers. Advertisements for third parties and their
    products may be included with the Services and those third party
    advertisements and web sites may include a cookie, web beacons, or other
    device(s) of the third party. We do not have control over the cookies, web
    beacons, or other devices used by third parties and do not have access to
    whatever information they may collect. You acknowledge and agree We are not
    responsible for the content or for the privacy practices employed by third
    parties.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents
    with the additional rights listed here. To exercise these rights, see the
    “Exercising Your California Privacy Rights” subsection below.
Social sharing features
You have the right to know and see what information we have collected about
    you over the past 12 months, including:
-The categories of information we have collected about you;
-The categories of sources from which the information is collected;
-The business or commercial purpose for collecting your information;
-The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your information;
    and
-The specific pieces of information we have collected about you.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request that we delete the information we have
    collected from you (and direct our service providers to do the same). There
    are a number of exceptions, however, that include, but are not limited to,
    when the information is necessary for us or a third party to do any of the
    following:
-Provide you a good or service;
-Perform a contract between us and you;
-Protect your security and prosecute those responsible for breaching it;
-Fix our system in the case of a bug;
-Protect the free speech rights of you or other users;
-Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal.
    Penal Code § 1546 et seq.);
-Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical
    research in the public interests that adheres to all other applicable
    ethics and privacy laws;
-Comply with a legal obligation; or
Make other internal and lawful uses of the information that are compatible
    with the context in which you provided it.
-Choice
Under the Privacy Shield Principles, individuals have the right to opt out of (i) disclosures of their personal
    information to third parties; or (ii) uses of their personal information for a purpose that is materially different
    from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual.
-Access
Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in accordance with our commitments under the Privacy Shield
Disclosure of Your Information
1. If you violate laws and regulations (such as sending harassment
    messages), we will legally disclose your personal information.
2. Your payment information may be shared with third parties as needed for
    billing purposes and to prevent fraud.
Retention
1. Personal data shall be processed and stored as long as required by the
    purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a
        contract between us and you shall be retained until such contact has
        been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Company’s legitimate
        interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes.
        Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests
        pursued by the Company within the relevant sections of this document or
        by contacting the Company.
2. The company may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period
    whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such
    consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Company may be obligated to
    retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the
    performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
3. Once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted.
    Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to
    rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after
    expiration of the retention period.
For Individuals in European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or the
        United Kingdom
1. This section only applies to individuals that access or use our Service
    while located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and/or United
    Kingdom (collectively, the “Designated Countries”) at the time of data
    collection. We may ask you to identify which country you are located in
    when you use some of the Services, or we may rely on your IP address to
    identify which country you are located in.
2. We act as a data controller with regard to any personal information
    collected from individuals accessing or using its Service. A “data
    controller” is an entity that determines the purposes for which and the
    manner in which any personal information is processed. Any third parties
    that act as our service providers or are otherwise acting on our behalf are
    “data processors” that handle your personal information in accordance with
    our instructions.
3. Legal Bases for Processing Your Personal Information. We describe our
    legal bases for processing throughout this Policy. Below is a list of the
    purposes described in our policy with the corresponding legal bases for
    processing:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with
        the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which
        the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public
        interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
        pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, we will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that
    applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of
    Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
    necessary to enter into a contract.
4. Your Individual Rights. We provide you with the rights described below
    when you use our Service. If you would like to exercise your rights under
    applicable law, please contact us at gamecontactteam@gmail.com. Please
    note, we may seek to verify your identity when we receive an individual
    rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal
    information.
Right to Withdraw Your Consent. If we ever asked for your consent to
        process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your
        consent at any time. A withdrawal of consent will not affect the
        lawfulness of our processing or the processing of any third parties
        based on consent before your withdrawal.
Right of Access. Upon your request, we will provide you with a copy of
        your personal information in our files without undue delay and free of
        charge, unless we permitted by law to charge a fee. Your access may be
        limited to the extent it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms
        of other individuals.
Right to Rectification (or “Correction”). You may request to correct or
        update any of your personal information in our files. We may provide
        you with the ability to update some or all of your personal information
        directly via the Services.
Right to Erasure (or the “Right to be Forgotten”). Upon your request,
        we will erase any of your personal information in our files that: is no
        longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected
        or otherwise processed; was collected in relation to processing that
        you previously consented to, but later withdrew such consent; or was
        collected in relation to processing activities to which you object, and
        there are no overriding legitimate grounds for our processing.
Right to Restriction. You have the right to restrict our processing of
        your personal information under certain conditions. During the time
        which restriction of processing applies, we will only process your
        restricted personal information with your consent or for the
        establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the
        protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for
        reasons of important public interest. We will inform you if or when the
        restriction is lifted.
Right to Object. You may object to our processing at any time and as
        permitted by applicable law if we process your personal information on
        the legal bases of: consent; contract; or legitimate interests. We may
        continue to process your personal information if it is necessary for
        the defense of legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by
        applicable law.
Right to Data Portability. If we process your personal information
        based on a contract with you or based on your consent, or the
        processing is carried out by automated means, you may request to
        receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and
        machine-readable format, and to have us transfer your personal
        information directly to another “controller,” where technically
        feasible, unless exercise of this right adversely affects the rights
        and freedoms of others. You right to data portability only applies to
        personal information provided by you to us.
Notification to Third Parties. When we fulfill your individual rights
        requests for correct (or rectification), erasure or restriction of
        processing, we will notify third parties also handling the relevant
        personal information unless this proves impossible or involves
        disproportionate effort. Upon your request, we will identify such third
        parties.
Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. You have the
        right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated
        processing of your personal information, including profiling, which
        produces legal or similarly significant effects on you, unless an
        exception applies under applicable law.
Limitations to Individual Rights Requests. We may limit your individual
        rights requests in the following ways:
i. Where denial of access is required or authorized by law;
ii. When granting access would have a negative impact on other's privacy;
iii. To protect our rights and properties; and
iv. Where the request is frivolous or burdensome.
Transfer of Your Personal Information. We transfer your personal
        information subject to appropriate safeguards as permitted under the
        applicable data protection laws. Specifically, when your personal
        information is transferred out of the Designated Countries, we have the
        required contractual provisions for transferring personal information
        in place with the third-parties to which your information is
        transferred. For such transfers, we rely on legal transfer mechanisms
        such as Standard Contractual Clauses or we work with U.S. based third
        parties that are certified under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy
        Shield Framework.
Right to Lodge Complaints. If you believe that we have infringed or
        violated your privacy rights under applicable law or this Policy,
        please contact us at gamecontactteam@gmail.com, so that we can work
        with you to resolve your concerns. You also have a right to lodge a
        complaint with a competent supervisory authority situated in a Member
        State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of alleged
        infringement.
Cookies and similar data collection technologies
We and our third party advertising networks and their partners may use cookies and similar technologies, such as
    mobile “SDK”, to provide and personalize our Services and to provide targeted advertisements. Some of these
    technologies can synchronize behavior across different mobile apps, devices and websites so that advertisements can
    be tailored to your interests. This process is called personalized advertising. In addition, we and certain
    advertising networks may access your inventory of installed apps to avoid advertising already installed apps. If
    you'd like to opt-out from having advertisements personalized in this way on your mobile device, please see the
    ‘Opt-out of targeted advertising’ section below.
To serve personalized advertisements in our Services using third-party advertising networks. Our legal basis is
    legitimate interests to run our business. However, if you are in the European Economic Area, Norway or Switzerland,
    some of our third-party advertising networks, will rely on your consent to process Personal Data in order to provide
    personalized advertising to you, therefore you will be asked whether you consent to the collection of your mobile
    device advertising identifier and IP address so that they can provide a personalized advertisement experience.
    To opt-out or withdraw your consent from receiving personalized advertisements, see the “Opt-out of targeted
    advertising” section below.
Opt-out of targeted advertising
To show you personalized advertisements in our apps we use third-party advertising networks and their partners,
    including those that need your consent and listed in
Privacy Partners
,
    to deliver advertisements that are tailored to you based on a determination of your characteristics or interests. To
    do so they use personal and non-personal information such as advertising identifiers, such as the Android
    advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (IDFA), and/or other tracking technologies to enable and optimize
    this advertising procedure.
You can opt-out from personalized advertisement experience, at any time by checking the Privacy Setting tab in any
    of our apps or under the privacy settings of your iOS or Android device.
- For iOS Devices:
Open Settings
Select Privacy
Select Advertising and enable "Limit Ad Tracking"
- For Android Devices:
Open Settings
Select Google
Select Ads and enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization"
When you choose to opt-out, advertising networks will consider this choice as a withdrawal of consent to personalized
    advertisement experience and they will show contextual advertisements and not personalized advertisements based on
    your interests. Note: Irrespective of your choice and/or your device settings, you will continue to see
    non-customized advertising (e.g. “contextual” advertising) and you may continue to receive personalized ads from our
    third-party ad networks that obtain your consent on other apps and/or websites. For more information go to ‘APPENDIX
    A - Advertising networks and their partners’ below.
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may share the above categories of Personal Data for certain business purposes, including:
Advertising
We may share or otherwise “sell” information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in our Services.
    For further information on the advertising networks which may receive this information, go to
Privacy Partners
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sudoku.ttzgame.com/partners.html:
PRIVACY PARTNERS
A list of advertising partners and their privacy policies:
Amazon
AppLovin
ChartBoost, Inc
Facebook
Fyber
Google
IronSource
MoPub
Smaato
Unity
Vungle