Backdrops Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision:
01/21/2025
Backdrops ("Backdrops" or "we" or "us" or "our") showcases original wallpapers designed just for you. We also let our community of users actively upload and share their own wallpapers, creations, and/or photos if they comply with our Terms of Use. Because of the account needed in order to upload, we needed a simple Privacy Policy in place.
We take our users ("users" or "you" or "your") privacy seriously and are committed to protecting even the very little information we collect. Please read the Terms of Use as well.
1. What type of information does Backdrops collect?
User Provided Information:
We obtain some information when you provide it to us. For instance, while signing in with Apple on iOS or Google on Android, you may provide a name/username and an email address for account creation. This information is used to keep your account active and to help store the wallpapers within Backdrops that you have marked as favorite.
User Generated Content (Uploads):
We offer our users the ability to upload and share their own wallpapers, creations, and/or photos. This content is governed by our Terms of Use and heavily moderated for quality control. If your submitted image complies with our Terms and it is approved, your content and/or uploads are public and visible to everyone who uses the Backdrops app. The user-generated content can be found within the Community tab in the Backdrops app. Please read our Terms of Use to see the full details on objectionable and forbidden content.
2. How does Backdrops use information?
User Provided Information:
After account creation, we use the personally identifiable information in the file we maintain about you to manage and keep your account active. We also provide you with customer support and monitor compliance with our simple Terms of Use.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
The Backdrops app may send any crash reports our way so we can review and hopefully fix any nagging issues. We analyze this non-personally-identifying information to help build a better Backdrops app with any and all future updates.
3. Third Party Advertisers
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit & use the Backdrops application ("app"). These companies may use information (not including any personally-identifiable information) about your visits to other websites and the Backdrops app and other mobile applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit
http://www.AboutAds.info
.
4. Disclosures of Information
We
DO NOT
rent, sell, or share your personally identifiable information with anyone. It's that simple.
Highly unlikely, but Backdrops may disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. We reserve the right to disclose aggregated, non-personally identifiable information collected to third parties for any purpose.
5. Streaks Feature
The Streaks feature in the Backdrops app allows users to claim virtual in-app currency ("Streak Coins") daily. While this feature does not collect personally identifiable information directly, the app may store records of coin claims to ensure proper functionality and to enforce terms of use.
We do not sell or share any data related to your Streaks activity with third parties.
Records related to Streak Coins are used solely to ensure compliance with the Streaks feature terms and to enhance the user experience.
Non-personally identifiable information, such as streak usage patterns, may be aggregated to improve the app's features and performance.
Please review the
Terms of Use
for details regarding Streaks functionality, including limitations and prohibited activities.
6. Upload Content Termination; Account Termination
You may contact us at any time to remove your uploaded content and/or account. You can reach us at
support@backdrops.io
. Upon request, we will deactivate or delete your content and/or account. Please note that we may be obligated to keep some of your information on our servers even after you've requested to delete your account.
7. Privacy Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Backdrops' Privacy Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy.
8. Security
We take security of your information seriously and use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect it from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third-party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
9. Contact
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at
support@backdrops.io
.
Thank you for using Backdrops!