Terms of Use
By becoming a member or using our Services, you accept and agree to these Terms and Conditions ("Terms"). Therefore, it is important that you carefully read through these Terms. If you do not consent to these Terms, you should not register with Watched.
About Watched
The Watched app is a service developed and provided by Bolt Studios. The service is available online at, among other places,
watched.cc
, in the iPhone App Store as "Watched - Track Your Shows" and the Google Play Store as "Watched - Track Your Shows". The purpose of Watched is to help our users to manage all their TV shows in one place by tracking what they've seen, and be notified of new releases.
Using our Services
To use our Services, you must follow some simple rules. The Service is only available for your private use and is not intended for commercial use. Do not misuse the Services, so that either Watched or anyone else is harmed in any way. You may only use the Services as permitted by law and these Terms. By using our Services, you agree that:
All of the personal data provided by you is accurate and up to date.
Watched does not monitor the contents of the Service, but may at any time choose, at its sole discretion, to remove User Material from the Service and/or your user account and to terminate your account and membership.
Your membership, including your email and password, with Watched, is personal and may not be transferred or used by someone else. You are responsible for storing your login details in a safe manner. Watched is not in any way responsible for any loss or damage caused by unauthorized access to your account or use of your login details. If you learn of or suspect any unauthorized use of your account, you must immediately inform Watched Customer Service. Contact details are available at the bottom of this document.
Watched is not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. To use Watched, you must be at least 13 years old.
Violation of any of these Terms will lead to a direct termination of your user account and subscription. If you violate these terms, you will not get a refund.
You are not allowed to engage in any commercial activities, advertise and/or provide hints (such as links) on where commercial activities are present through our Services.
You must not engage in any unlawful activities on the Service, such as (but not limited to) contributing with information which in any way contains or involves incitement to racial hatred, defamation, harassment, child pornography or pornography.
You are not allowed to contribute to any propaganda, religious and/or political views.
If you have any criticism or feedback regarding Watched or our Services, to firstly contact Watched to help us to improve our Services.
You may not transmit, and/or distribute files that may damage Watched or others' computers or property (such as viruses and trojan horses).
You may not share others' personal information, without their approval.
Your account
You can at any time choose to cancel/end your account at your convenience. Please note that uninstalling the mobile application or closing your account will not automatically stop your subscription — you must actively cancel the subscription. Please note that if you have subscribed to Watched through the use of App Store, Google Play Store or any other such service provider, you can only cancel your subscription through the use of their services. If you have trouble finding how to cancel the subscription and/or your account, please contact Watched Customer Service.
Watched Premium
This section only applies when you purchase and/or subscribe to Watched Premium or other paid products. By paying the subscription fee, you get access to Watched Premium during the time your subscription is valid, subject to these Terms.
All subscriptions with Watched Premium are paid in advance.
You may at any time terminate your membership, in which case your membership will still be valid for the subscription time you have already paid for. If you have subscribed to Watched through the use of App Store, Google Play Store or any other such service provider, using in-app purchase, you can only cancel your subscription through the use of their services. Subscription fees can be found in the mobile application. Watched reserves the right to change the subscription fees from time to time.
You hereby consent to start using the Services immediately upon subscribing with Watched Premium or other paid products. This means that you will only have 14 days to withdraw from the contract with Watched from the date you receive confirmation of your subscription via email if you do not start using the Services during that period. All payments handled by Apple, such as in-app purchases, can only be refunded by Apple and with Apple's consent. Default in payment shall not be deemed as a termination of a Watched Premium subscription.
Intellectual property
All rights in and to the Services, including any trademarks, service marks, trade names and copyrighted content (collectively "Intellectual Property") presented within the Service are the property of Watched and/or third parties. You agree not to use Intellectual Property for any other purposes except for your use of the Service unless required otherwise by applicable mandatory law.
By submitting User Material to Watched, you warrant and represent that you hold the copyright, trademark and/or other intellectual property rights to your content. You agree to grant Watched a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use User Material to the extent necessary for Watched to operate and maintain the Service. This license shall remain valid until the respective User Material is deleted from the Service by you or by Watched in accordance with these Terms.
Disclaimer and limitation of liability
You use the Service at your own risk. The Service is provided "AS IS," without any warranties, and Watched does not warrant that the Service and availability thereof will be uninterrupted or error-free. Watched does not assume any responsibility for errors or omissions in the information or software or other documents, including User Material, which is referenced by or linked to. References or links to third parties' websites are provided "AS IS", without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
In no event shall Watched be liable for any indirect or consequential damages, except in cases of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.
Miscellaneous
For the sake of clarity, Watched doesn't undertake the obligation to monitor the contents of User Material.
You are not entitled to assign your rights and/or obligations under these Terms or use of the Service to any third party without Watched's prior written consent. Watched is entitled to assign its rights and/or obligations under these Terms.
Watched reserves the right to refuse the Service to anyone for any reason at any time. Watched may revise these Terms from time to time and the most current version will always be posted on Watched's website (
www.watched.cc
). Any and all material changes shall become into effect between you and Watched upon your acceptance of such changes (e.g., by using the Services after such notification has been made to you or renewing your subscription).
Governing law and dispute resolution
These Terms and the use of the Services are governed by the laws of Estonia, except for its conflicts of laws principles. All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Service shall be resolved by the Estonian public courts, whereby the District Court of Tallinn shall be the court of the first instance.
Contact
Bolt Studios
Tallinn, Estonia
hello@watched.cc
Privacy Policy
Bolt Studios built the Watched app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Bolt Studios at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Watched unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to device identification number. 
The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Google Analytics for Firebase
Mixpanel
Personal Information Collected
Name and email
Crash logs
In-app usage analytics and statistics
Information is used for
To keep your account information secure
Enable multi-platform access
Provide account restoration
Find and fix bugs/issues
Assess app usablity and improve user interaction
Provide user support regarding issues/services
Deleting your data
You can either delete your data/account in the app or email us at
hello@watched.cc
from your Watched account email.
Log Data
we want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-07-13
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
hello@watched.cc