Privacy
Policy
1. Introduction
The General data protection regulation came into force on May 25th 2018, replacing the existing Data protection act. It introduces substantial changes to data protection law and responsibilities with the processing of personal data.
Time Point Ltd (company number 248145) respects your right to privacy. The purpose of this Website Privacy Statement is to explain how we deal with any personal data you may provide to us in accordance with GDPR while visiting this website. Timepoint will protect the personnel information you share with us.
This website (
https://www.timepoint.ie
) is operated by Timepoint LTD, a company whose registered office is located at 45 Blackburne Square, Rathfarnham Gate, Rathfarnham, D14 WC63. If you are unhappy with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website. By visiting this website you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Statement.  Any external links are provided for convenience purposes only and does not imply any relationship between Time Point Ltd and the owners of the website containing the linked material. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
2. Types of information collected
We retain two types of information for the purposes of supplying information and services to you:
(a) “
Personal Data
” which is data that can identify you or be used with other information to identify you. Such data would include your name, address, email
address, phone number. You must voluntarily provide us with this information and in doing so you are consenting to its use by us as outlined in this Website
Privacy Statement.
(b) “
Non-Personal Data
” which is statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis from all visitors to our website. Such information cannot be used to identify you.
3. How Personal Data is collected?
3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you
The Personal Data we collect directly from you (our customer) may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by emailing
helpdesk@www.timepoint.ie
.
3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources
We also collect information through the provision of services Provision of the services:
The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special
categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication. Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises.
4. Purposes for which we hold your information
Personal Data: Under GDPR the main reasons we rely upon in order to process and retain any Personal data submitted by you are as follows:
• In order to provide you with information as you may request if you contact us or use the contact details feedback form or other forms on the website.
• To perform our obligations, we have undertaken in providing our products and services.
• To contact you from time to time to furnish you with information or material in connection with the products and services offered to customers, customers or visitors to the Time Point web site.
• We will store this data for a period of two years.
4. Non-Personal Data
We gather Non-Personal Data from visitors to our website in aggregate statistical form including browsing actions and patterns to get a better understanding of
where our visitors come from and what is viewed on the website. This is to assist us in improving our products and to help us better optimise our website. We
also collect statistical data on browsing actions including pages you visit.
5. Cookies
This website uses “cookie technology” which is a piece of text stored by the browser on your computer at the request of our server. We will use cookies to assist us to help you better navigate the website and to save your personal preferences or to identify you when you next log onto our website.  You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits or to ask your browser to indicate to you when a cookie is being sent to your computer. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. You should note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent this may affect your ease of use of this website.
6. Pop-ups
We use pop-ups for reasons such as displaying outsized tables, graphics and the like. If you choose to disable pop-ups you will not have access to this information.
7. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We may provide non personal data to third parties where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example,
we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users to our website, the demographic breakdown of our community of users or the activities
that visitors to our website engage in whilst on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual
advertisers, providers of advertising services, commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researches and other similar parties. We will not disclose your
personal data to third parties unless you have consented to such disclosure. We will disclose your personal data if we believe in good faith that we are required
to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, legal summons, search warrant, Court or regulatory Order or other statutory requirement.
8. Sale of our Business
We reserve the right to transfer information (including your personal data) to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership, re- organisation, amalgamation or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of our company provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Website Privacy Statement and provided that the third party only uses your personal data for the purposes that you provided it to us.
9. Security
Your personal data is held on secure hosted servers. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information that
you transmit to us via the Internet. No data or transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. However, we will take all reasonable
steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
10. YOUR RIGHTS ON PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD.
You have a right at any time to contact us for a copy of the personnel information we hold on you. You have the right to inform us of any changes in your personal data that you require updated.You have the right to request us to erase personal data at any time. Subject to the laws under GDPR. To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed then please contact:
The Customer Service Manager, Time Point™ Ltd
45 BLACKBURNE SQUARE, RATHFARNHAM GATE, RATHFARNHAM, D14 WC63.
email:
helpdesk@www.timepoint.ie
10.2 Your rights relating to customer data
As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in
this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the
controller of the Personal Data. We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ
from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Time point customer and
you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a
customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Time Point customer who
submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable
timeframe.
11. Changes to the Website Privacy Statement
Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and
under what circumstances, if any we disclose it. If at any time, we decide to use your personal data in a manner that is significantly different from that stated in
this Website Privacy Statement or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected we will notify you and you will have the choice as to whether or not we
can use your information for that new purpose.