Sorry!!! Page Not Found!
We can't to find the page you're looking for, please go back to the homepage
Go back to home
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.healthlynked.com/privacy-policy:
HealthLynked Privacy Policy
Effective Date: December 26, 2024
Privacy Statement
The privacy and security of your information is very important to us. Whether you are a new user just starting to use the HealthLynked Network or are an existing patient member connecting with your healthcare providers, we want you to trust that the information you have provided to us is being properly managed and protected.
We have prepared this Privacy Statement to explain more about who we are and how we collect and manage your information.
Who we are
This Privacy Statement is issued by HealthLynked Corp (collectively referred to as “HLYK”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Statement), which includes the direct and indirect subsidiaries of HealthLynked Corporation and covers information collected and used by us in the course of our business. In most cases, physician practices are independently owned, and their use of your information is covered in this Privacy Statement only where specifically noted.
About HealthLynked
We are a healthcare information company with patient members and healthcare provider members across the United States.
About our In-Network Providers
Physicians are classified as either “out-of-network” or “in-network”. In-Network Providers are allowed access to HealthLynked suite of tools to better manage their practice, allow patients to book online, reduce cost and improve patient care.
Using our websites, mobile applications and other technology
We and our third-party service providers may collect information using cookies, pixels, web beacons, tracking tools and other similar technologies on our websites, mobile applications and in other areas of our business to collect information and provide you with the services that you have requested or participate.
Information we collect and how we use and share it
We may collect and use personal information if you make an appointment through our online appointment system, visit one of our in-network provider locations, or participate in other services offered by HealthLynked. Subject to local consent requirements, we may use this and other information we collect to help us and our third-party service providers identify other devices that you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.). We, and our third-party service providers, also may use the cross-device tracking and other information we learn about you to present you with customized offerings or services on your devices. We also use the information that we collect to improve our products and services as well as your experience when visiting our websites and using our mobile applications.
We collect various data types through your interaction with our Services, including:
Identifiers:
Names, email addresses, and phone numbers.
Health Information:
Medical history, treatments, and insurer details.
Commercial Information:
Payment methods and billing information.
Internet or Other Network Activity:
Interactions with our Services.
Geolocation Data:
Derived from your IP address or device settings.
Device Information:
Data collected by the HealthLynked network, online appointment request and mobile check in services related to QR code check in and HealthLynked hub Wi-Fi devices where deployed.
HIPAA and PHI
As a provider of health-related services, HealthLynked may handle Protected Health Information (PHI) under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). We comply with HIPAA as a Business Associate of healthcare providers.
ARi AI Application and HealthLynked Hub
ARi AI Application:
ARi uses machine learning to analyze your health data to provide personalized health advice and administrative support. ARi processes data based on user interactions within our Services. Ari can provide medical recommendations but is not a substitute for a healthcare professional.
HealthLynked Hub:
This is at point of care centers and allows for a secure Wi-Fi connection and check in with mobile devices. The Hub can monitor the length of your visit at a medical care facility.
Information we collect
We collect information from you when you access one of HealthLynked’s technology interfaces, such as when you check in for an appointment at participating provider locations using our Patient Check-in System via QR code or opt to access secure Wi-Fi signals broadcast from our proprietary Patient Access Hub, book an appointment through our online website or mobile apps.  Information collected during the course of the these processes may include:
Your name, email address, home and/or business address, phone number, and payment card information, insurance information, medical records, health history, gender and date of birth;
Information relating to your membership in one of our services or programs or those of our program partners
This information may be provided to us directly when you access one of our technology interfaces, through our websites, directly at a provider’s location, or through our mobile applications. In some cases we may receive this information from a third party.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not targeted to children under 13. We do not collect information from children under 13 without parental consent.
How we use this information
We use the information collected from you primarily to initiate or manage your profile and account on or to allow you access to some or all of the HealthLynked Network. This information may be used to alert you when it is your turn to see your provider or to request you do a post-visit survey. After joining or accessing the HealthLynked Network, we may send you post-visit information, offers, or other communications that may include surveys, discount or special offers, discounts on prescription medications and customized healthcare information, notifications, or services, As a member, we may send you personalized offers based on your specific medical needs and location. You can opt-out of receiving these offers when signing in to use The HealthLynked Network or at any time within your HLYK account.
In some instances where we have your consent or where permitted under applicable law, we may send you marketing communications (which may include text messages, emails, postal mail, or calls placed using autodialler technology or AI) for products and services that we believe would be relevant for you. We also may use information related to your account or profile, demographics, or interests to display customized offers or services on our websites or on third-party websites or to send you more relevant messaging. Additionally, we use this information for the purpose of aggregated trend and statistical analysis to evaluate and improve our products and services, plan new products and services and other market research.
Who we share your information with
We will share your information only with those third parties (family members and healthcare providers, medical researchers) that you designate, internally within HealthLynked’s corporate and subordinate offices, with partners whose products or services you have purchased or accessed through or in conjunction with the HealthLynked Network’s retail product and services division, and with healthcare providers with whom you have attempted to make an appointment.
Aside from the purposes described above, we do not share your member information with any other third parties unless we have your consent or under special circumstances, such as:
When we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law or to protect the safety of employees, the public, other members, healthcare providers or their staffs;
When disclosure is required to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, warrant or legal process; or
In the event of a merger, asset sale, or other related transaction.
How we secure your information
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of the information that you provide to us. To do this, technical, physical and organizational security measures are put in place to protect against any unauthorized access, disclosure, damage or loss of your information. The collection, transmission and storage of information can never be guaranteed to be completely secure, however, we take steps to ensure that appropriate security safeguards are in place to protect your information. We have implemented measures designed to reasonably secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Platform. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Platform; any transmission is at your own risk.
Managing your preferences and information
We want to ensure that you have the necessary tools at your disposal to control the information that you provide to us, including how we communicate with you. It is also important that you contact us to update your information if any of it is inaccurate or changes.
Managing your communication preferences
Unsubscribing from one type of communication may not unsubscribe you from another type. Likewise, unsubscribing from our communications may not mean that you are unsubscribed from certain communications carried out independently by physicians with whom you have connected or other members.
Managing your information
In the event any information that you provide to us is inaccurate, changes, or you would like this information deleted, your information can be updated by contacting our offices (https://www.healthlynked.com/contact/). You can update certain aspects of your personal information by going to your account, signing in and clicking on the “your profile” section to update and amend your personal information.
Please note that in some instances it may not be possible to delete certain pieces of your information, and a portion of the information may be needed for suppression purposes. In other instances, we may not have the ability to delete certain pieces of information that are stored on our systems or that have been provided to third parties in connection with the services discussed in this Privacy Statement.
Data transfer
As we operate via a global network of corporate offices and data centers, it may be necessary to transfer your information to a country outside of the country where it was originally collected or outside of your country of residence or nationality. The information that you provide us through your use of the HealthLynked Network or through the provision of any other services may be transferred to any of our HealthLynked-owned or affiliated entities for the purposes of carrying out or facilitating these services. It will also be necessary to transfer this information to third parties for various services and functions relating to the operation of HealthLynked and its programs.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
What is a cookie
A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed onto an Internet user’s web browser or device and is used to remember as well as obtain information about that party. You might be assigned a cookie when visiting our websites or when using our mobile applications. In some instances, where permitted under the applicable law, cookies may also be used for the purposes of certain email campaigns.
What types of cookies we use and how we use them
We use three primary types of cookies:
Functional Cookies – these cookies support the use of the website and applications and enable certain features to enhance your experience. For example, we use functional cookies to remember your selections as you move from page to page and to remember things like your sign-in information to avoid you having to re-enter it.
Performance Cookies – these cookies collect information needed to support the website and our applications, allow us to improve our website, and identify any problems that you faced while visiting us. For example, performance cookies may provide us with information about how you came to our website and how you navigated during your visit. We also use these cookies to provide us with certain statistical and analytics information, such as how many visitors came to our website or how effective our advertising is.
Targeting Cookies – these cookies are used to collect information from you to help us to improve our products and services as well as serve you with targeted advertisements that we believe will be relevant for you. We use targeting cookies across our websites and applications for various marketing initiatives and campaigns.
To learn more about cookies and how they are used, please visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
Third-party cookies
HealthLynked may use third-party service providers help us collect information and provide you with service offerings or product opportunities that we believe would be relevant for you. In some instances, these third parties may also assist us by providing certain statistical and analytics information in relation to our marketing practices.
Managing cookies and opting out
You can choose to visit our web sites without cookies, but in some cases certain services, features and functionality may not be available.
Other technologies
Other technologies such as pixels and web beacons may also be used on our websites, mobile applications, in email messages and in other areas of our business. These technologies are used to improve our products and services as well as our marketing efforts.
Customized product and services offerings:
We and our third-party service providers may present you with custom programs or information through the use of first-party or third-party cookies, pixels and web beacons when you visit our website, use our mobile applications, or visit third party websites. In some instances, these cookies may be persistent cookies.
Do-Not-Track
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” signals. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of targeted advertising by following the instructions at (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) and the Network Advertising Initiative (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) websites
Location Information and Services
The HealthLynked Network app offers location-based information and mapping services. If you consent to share your location through your smartphone or mobile device’s software, the HealthLynked network may receive that data and deliver information such as but not limited to the location of medical providers, testing laboratories, or other places of interest, business, or commercial features near your physical location.
Mobile Applications
We receive information about you when you use our mobile applications. Such information may include your device manufacturer and type, and your physical location, email, name, and other personal identifiers should you choose to share them. If you use our mobile app, we also send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that match your profile details, demographic information, medical history, or interests. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Online Channels
We may use information from online sources, such as websites, social media, and information sharing platforms. This information may be used to help tailor and improve our services and communicate with you, as we know many of our patient and provider members use a range of media channels to communicate and share information.
We may use various social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button on our websites and mobile applications and at our provider access hub locations. Certain information may be shared or otherwise provided to us through your use of these features in conjunction with our services, products, and programs. Subject to your account and privacy settings, we may also be able to see information that you post when using these social media platforms whether or not you are using one of our services. We may contact you on these social media platforms. The information you post on social media sites as well as the controls surrounding these disclosures are governed by the respective policies of these third parties.
Where we use information from these sources, we will respect any permissions you have set about how you would like your information to be used for each source.
Use of WI-FI services
When you use The HealthLynked Network Wi-Fi service (Patient Access Hub), we may collect and process certain additional information.
What information we collect
Registration and User-Provided Information:
When you register to use HealthLynked Wi-Fi or mobile check in via QR code in a provider’s office, we may collect personal information about you including your HealthLynked account number. You may also provide us with personal information about yourself in various ways when you use HealthLynked, such as when you send us customer service-related requests.
Device Identifiers:
In the course of accessing the HealthLynked network, we may automatically collect a device identifier (such as IP address, MAC Address or other unique identifier) for the computer, mobile device, or other technology you use to access HealthLynked. A device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your device when you access HealthLynked Wi-Fi or long into the HealthLynked network, and we may identify your device and view your device identifier and use this information to enhance our service. We may associate your device identifier with other information about you, such as your HealthLynked member account.
Other device information:
We may also automatically record certain information from your device including, device type, the web pages, apps or sites that you visit, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use HealthLynked mobile app, website and Wi-Fi. While generally this information is anonymous and/or aggregated, this information may be associated with your HealthLynked account and/or other HealthLynked service account information or persistent identifiers. This data helps us to manage our networks and provides us with information about the use of the HealthLynked Network. We do not, however, collect and process the contents of email communications or other electronic communications you send or receive using other applications when using HealthLynked’s online services.
Location information:
We may collect information about your location through your use of the HealthLynked Network to enable us to improve our service and provide certain services to you such as appointment reminders, doctors in your area, customized offers and promotions.
Special information for California consumers
California residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us through one of the methods listed under the “How to contact us” section. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
How to contact us
For any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Statement or our data privacy practices, please contact us: By email:
support@healthlynked.com
To the extent permitted under the local law, you may also use the above contact details to request access to any of your personal information that is held by HealthLynked. These requests will be reviewed and processed in line with the local law.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
In some instances, we may have to change, modify or amend this Privacy Statement in order to comply with the evolving regulatory environment or the needs of our business. Subject to any applicable legal requirements to provide additional notice, any changes to this Privacy Statement will be communicated through our websites and mobile applications. However, if there will be changes made to the use of your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you by posting a notice on our website for 30 days prior to the changes taking effect.
Effective Date:
December 26
th
2024