Last updated: April 19, 2023
Thank you for visiting this site, which is operated by The Professional Golfers Association of American (together with our affiliated companies, "PGA", “we” or “us”). Your privacy is important to us. As such, we provide this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used by this service. "Users" are persons that use the Services. Please take the time to read the full Privacy Policy. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this Privacy Policy when you use any of our Services (as described below), including when you access any content or videos. This Privacy Policy only applies to the websites, apps and other services (each a “Service”) where a link to this Privacy Policy is posted by us. It does not apply to any other product or service provided by the PGA or any third party if no such link exists.
Overview - Categories and Sources of Information
We collect personal information from Users of our Service when it is voluntarily provided by you, such as your name and email address (
see
“Information We Collect” below). We use such information to contact you directly and other purposes described in “How We Use the Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” below
We automatically collect browsing information from Users of our Service and from third parties with whom we work, such as information about your browsing activities and information about the device you use to access the Service (see Information We Collect below). We use this information to customize the Service for you and other purposes described in How We Use the Information and Information Sharing and Disclosure below.
This information is collected to provide, manage, analyze and improve the features and functions available on or through this Service and other services, for marketing purposes and for the PGA’s and its affiliates’ internal business purposes.
Depending on where you reside you may have rights such as the right to know, access, delete, correct, and control certain uses of your information, including opting out of any sales of your personal information (see User Rights - Data Access and Opt-Out below).
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy or with your consent.
I. Information We Collect
We receive both (1) information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the Services, and (2) information that is passively or automatically collected from your browser or device
1. Information You Provide To Us.
With some Services, you can register, order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters or alerts, participate in golfing activities, connect with other people or services or participate in one of our online forums or communities. In the course of these various offerings, we often seek to collect from you various forms of information, such as: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and other personal information.
If payment details are required, such as credit card information when making a purchase through the Services, such information will be collected directly by our service provider and not by the PGA. Such service provider is required by the PGA to only use the payment details for purposes of that transaction with you. In certain circumstances, PGA may take credit card information directly from you, in those circumstances, PGA secures the information as required by law.
2. Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected.
We, and our "Partners" who include third party service providers, broadcast partners, other golf organizations, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your device used to access, or in connection with, our Services. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, device attributes, browser settings, the web pages of the Services you have visited, Services visited before and after you visit a Service, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Service (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on. Please see our Section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used.
3. Geo-location Information.
If you are accessing a Service from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may be asked to share your geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on our Services or on other Services. You may also choose to provide your location, such as when searching for a golf course or services in a particular area or customizing the Service. If you agree to such collection you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application. Please note that by turning off this data collection, some of the services like golf course searches will not function properly.
4. Information Collected By and From Social Media Services and Other Third Party Platforms.
You may also be able to engage with our Services through social media services or other third-party platforms, such as Facebook and YouTube including through third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain Information in your profile and your interaction with our content. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or "likes." For a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings. To adjust privacy settings in YouTube, please visit the
Google Support Page.
II. How We Use the Information
We, along with our Partners, may use the Information to:
provide and communicate with you about the Services or your account with us,
fulfill your requests regarding the Services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications,
respond to your inquiries,
communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,
enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and Terms of Service) that govern your use of our Services, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information,
provide technical support for the Services,
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services,
protect the safety of our Users,
customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Services or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them, or
perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof.
We or a Partner may use "cookies" or similar technologies to associate certain of the Information with a unique identifier that then associates the Information with your device or browser. For information about how these technologies work and how we may use them, please go to Section IV, titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies. Sometimes, we may associate cookies with the Information, including de-identified, "hashed," or anonymous versions of Information you have provided (such as during registration), in order to send or help our Partners send ads and offers based on your presumed interests or demographic information. We may combine any of the Information we collect, for any of the above purposes, and may sometimes enhance the Information with other information that we obtain from third party sources. Please also be aware that if you choose to submit information or content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, comments sent to our television personalities, a posting to a blog or a discussion board, or a video), we may publish that Information and content, along with other Information about you (such as your name, screen name or location). Likewise, if you register and create a profile with our Service, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.g., photos, comments, video, reviews) will be displayed publicly on the Service, is searchable, can be found by third parties and may be reused and redistributed by us in our sole discretion.
III. Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may disclose the Information as follows:
To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. This may include service providers that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) process payments; (g) host our Services, forums and online communities; (h) administer contests; (i) maintain databases; (j) send or support online or mobile advertising; and (k) otherwise support our Services.
In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency's request or similar request.
With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Services, or violations of our policies, our Terms of Service or the law, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
We may transfer some or all of your Information if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way.
We may share the Information with companies and Services affiliated with PGA, so they can provide, improve and communicate with you about their own products and Services. Please note that the Services covered by this Privacy Policy may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, or social network integrations) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain information from their visitors. We have no control over these third parties' use of this information, which is subject to their own privacy policies.
VI. Cookies and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies
We may use cookies and other technologies both to provide our Services to you and to advertise to you. We also may work with Partners to help them advertise to you when you visit other websites or mobile applications, and to help them perform user analytics. These technologies may also be used to analyze how our Users interact with advertising on our Services and elsewhere, and more generally, to learn more about our Users and what services or offers you might prefer to receive. We describe some of these technologies below.
Cookies
. To enhance your online experience, we and our Partners may use "cookies", “web beacons” or other tracking technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your device's browser to store your preferences. We use cookies or other tracking technologies to understand Service and Internet usage and to improve or customize the products, content, offerings, services or advertisements on our Services. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Services (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a Service), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our Services. We also may use cookies or other tracking technologies to help us offer you products, content, offerings or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising when you visit this Service, or when you visit other websites or applications. We or a third-party platform with whom we work may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized content, offers, services or advertisements on our Services or other sites. The cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
We, our third-party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our Partners also may use cookies or other tracking technologies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Services. This also helps us, our service providers and Partners provide more relevant advertising.
We may use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) and similar services to collect certain information relating to your use of the Service. Such services may use cookies to help the Service analyze how users use the Service. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Website by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at
www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
).
Syncing Cookies and Identifiers
. We may work with our Partners (for instance, third party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our Partners' uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. We may do this, for instance, to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device, and thus enable us or others to send ads that are more relevant, match Users to their likely product interests, or better synchronize, cap, or optimize advertising.
Web Beacons
. We and our Partners may also use "web beacons" or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a Service or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a Service or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Service. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).
Mobile Device Identifiers
. In connection with any mobile app that we offer as part of the Services, we may collect Information such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and Information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services. We may use this technology to deliver or help our Partners deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you'd like to opt out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in the "Your Ad Choices" section below.
By visiting the Service, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you have the ability to choose how we use cookies and tracking technologies by visiting our cookie banner and making your selections. Please understand that your choices are browser specific and you must make your choices on each browser and device that you use. Our unaffiliated Partners and third parties may themselves set and access their own tracking technologies when you visit our Services and they may have access to information about you and your online activities over time and across different websites or applications when you use the Service. Their use of such tracking technologies is not in our control and is subject to their own privacy policies.
V. Your Ad Choices
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which the Services are known, and to provide much of this content free of cost to our Users. Thus, we strive to provide you with ads that are relevant to you and for products you may want.
However, we also offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads. To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you, please visit the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(the "DAA") at the DAA consumer choice Service. To the extent data is collected on this Service for interest-based advertising, we will adhere to the DAA's principles applicable to interest-based ads.
The tools provided on the
DAA opt-out page
are provided by third-parties, not us. We do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools. When using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Depending on your device, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier at any time by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. In addition, each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements.
You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact (or review the applicable privacy web page of) the applicable platform operator.
At this time the Services do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions.
VI. User Rights - Data Access and Opt-Out
1. User Rights.
A. General Rights:
We provide you with choices regarding the Information you provide to us.
Emails - If you have signed up to receive our marketing e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this Service, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this Service.
Cookies – You may delete or block cookies and other technologies by following the instructions above.
B. California Rights:
California law provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) defines “personal information” as information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Please see our
California Privacy Notice
for your specific California rights. To exercise your legal rights, please complete the
privacy request form
.
C. Nevada Rights:
Consumers in the State of Nevada have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information processed by us, as defined under Nevada law. To exercise such legal rights, please complete the
privacy request form
.
D. European Economic Area (EEA) and UK Data Subject Rights.
If you are a resident of the EEA and UK, you have the following rights:
Right to access – This right allows individuals to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her is being process and provide access to such personal data. It also allows individuals to request details of the processing of his or her personal data, including, without limitation, categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed and purposes of processing.
Right to rectify – This right allows individuals to rectify any inaccurate personal data about him or her.
Right to restrict processing – This right allows individuals to block or suppress processing of personal data under certain circumstances.
Right to be forgotten – This right is also known as the “right to erasure”. It is an individual’s right to have personal data erased or to prevent processing in specific circumstances.
Right of data portability – This right allows individuals to move, copy or transfer personal data from one place to another in a secure manner without interrupting the integrity and usability of the information.
Right to object to processing – This right allows individuals to object to certain types of processing, including direct marketing, profiling and providing for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics.
Additionally, if we rely on consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw it at any time and free of charge. When you do so, this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
To exercise your rights under the GDPR, please complete the
privacy request form
.
If you are situated in the EEA & UK and have any complaints regarding our privacy practices, you have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authorities.
2. Verify Requests.
Please note that in order for you to assert these rights, we may need to verify your identity to confirm your right to access your Information. This is a security measure to ensure that Information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
3. International Transfer.
As a United States entity, personal information may be transferred to, and processed, in the United States. We have measures in place to ensure that when your personal information is transferred internationally, it is subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with data protection laws. Often, these include contractual safeguards such as the Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”) approved by the European Commision to provide a mechanism to transfer personal information from the EU and/or the UK International Data Transfer Addendum (“UK Addendum”) issued by the UK’s Information Commissioner’s Office to provide a legal mechanism to transfer Personal Data from the UK.
4. Data Security.
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access to or use of the Information we collect through the Service. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the Information that we collect and store.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Information, we cannot guarantee you that Information will never be disclosed, altered or destroyed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
5. How to Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Postal Address:
The Professional Golfers’ Association of America
1916 PGA Parkway
Frisco, Texas 75033
Please complete the
privacy request form
You may also contact us regarding your privacy at (877) 410-7865.
VII. Third Party Sites
Some of the Services contain links to other services such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and other media services and platforms whose information practices may be different than ours. Users should consult these other services' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
VIII. Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you about material changes by either sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Service. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
2023 On-Site Guide Privacy Policy Updates
PGA Championship
Information Automatically Collected In the PGA Championship On-Site Guide - Official Mobile App
When you use the App, we automatically collect specific data that are required for the use of the App. This data includes:
Location, accuracy and date/time periodically throughout the day (only while at the attraction)
Each visit to the resort including date/time first seen and last seen
Operating system
Operating system version
Device name
Battery level
Battery status (charging or not)
Bluetooth status (on or off)
Mobile network carrier name
Currently connected Wi-Fi SSID
Location permission status (on or off)
IP address
User's preferred locale
Current time zone
App version and build number
App interactions (captured as events fed to Firebase Analytics and Keen IO)
Date/time entered/exited geofence region (if you enter an offered geofence region)
This data is automatically sent to us, (1) so that we can make the service and the associated functions available to you; (2) to improve the functions and features of the App and (3) to prevent misuse and to rectify malfunctions and (4) to offer you a personalized guest experience. This data processing is justified on the basis that (1) the processing is required in order to fulfil the requirements of the contract between you as the data subject and us in accordance with Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR for the use of the App, or (2) we have a legitimate interest in guaranteeing the functionality and fault-free operation of the App and being able to offer a service that is in line with the requirements of the market and with the interests of the users and prevails over your rights and interests in the protection of your personal data in accordance with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google.
For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also
set cookies on your browser
or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising.
Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our
Privacy Policy
to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our
Advertising
page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information.
Our
Privacy Policy
explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users.
Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so.
Ad personalization
If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google.
If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse.
When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads.
You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your
ad settings
.
How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services:
Ad Settings
helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also
learn how
ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.
If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings,
My Activity
allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can
install the Google Analytics browser add-on
. Learn more about
Google Analytics and privacy
.
Incognito mode in Chrome
allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about
cookies
. Using Incognito mode in Chrome or other private browsing modes does not prevent the collection of data when you visit websites that use Google services, and Google may still collect data when you visit websites using these browsers.
Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about
managing cookies in Chrome
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Sub-policy 1
https://www.pgachampionship.com/california-privacy-notice:
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This California Privacy Notice is effective as of March 29, 2023.
This notice supplements the
PGA Privacy Policy
and applies only to residents of California (“
California Consumer”)
. This Notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their Personal Information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("
CPRA
"), and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder. Terms (including defined capitalized terms) used in this California Personnel Privacy Notice have the same meanings given in the CCPA and CPRA and the associated regulations, unless otherwise defined.
EXERCISING YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
California Consumers have the right to request:
that we disclose to you what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you ("
Right to Know
");
To exercise your Right to Know, please submit your request at our
privacy request form
or by calling us at (877) 410-7865.
In order to have us provide specific pieces of information, we may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the California Consumer whose Personal Information is the subject of the request. We will not provide you specific pieces of information that include the Personal Information of other persons, nor will we disclose certain pieces of information that the law requires us not to or that we determine is a high security risk, including your social security number, driver’s license number, financial account number, health insurance or medical information number, account passwords, security questions and answers, or unique biometric data, as applicable.
that we delete the Personal Information we collect from you ("
Right to Delete
");
To exercise your Right to Know, please submit your request at our
privacy request form
or by calling us at (877) 410-7865.
Please note that as part of the verification process, once you submit a request to delete, we may follow up and require you to confirm that you want your information deleted.
that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you (“
Right to Correct
”);
To exercise your Right to Know, please submit your request at our
privacy request form
or by calling us at (877) 410-7865.
to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising) (“
Right to Opt-Out of Sharing
”);
“Shared” means the disclosure of Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising. PGA of America does not “share” Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising.
to opt-out from the sale of your Personal Information (“
Right to Opt-Out of Sale
”);
Our use of analytics may be considered a sale of Personal Information. To opt-out of analytics, please visit our cookie banner and adjust your preferences;
to limit the use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information;
As disclosed in the chart below, we may collect certain information that is considered Sensitive Personal Information under California law. Under the CPRA Regulations, a business must only provide the Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information when such use does not fall within the list of exceptions outlined in CPRA § 7027, subsection (m). Our use and disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information falls within this list of exceptions and we therefore do not offer such opt-out right at this time.
We do not sell, or share for cross-context behavioral advertising, Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information. For a description on how social media services and other third-party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
Verifying Your Requests
When you exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity based upon the information you provide and the type of request you are making. We may require you to log into your internal personnel account or provide your unique personnel ID. We may also need to ask you to provide us with additional information to verify your identity and fulfill your request. We will only use any such information to verify your identity. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to process the request.
Pursuant to the CPRA, we will not require you to verify your identity, beyond asking for the information necessary to complete your request, when you exercise your Right to Opt-Out of Sharing, Right to Opt-Out of Sale, or Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information.
Authorized Agents
You may elect to use an agent to submit a request on your behalf. If you choose to do so, your agent must follow the instructions below to make the request. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child. When your authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we will request written permission signed by you and authorizing your agent to make the request on your behalf. The written permission must state your full legal name as the subject of the request, the full legal name of the individual who is acting as your agent and must be clear about the scope of permission granted. Alternatively, your agent may, but is not required to, submit a copy of a power of attorney under Probate Code sections 4000-4465. In either case, your agent should also indicate in their email the nature of the request. Your identity, in addition to your agent’s identity and authorization, will need to be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill the request. We may also ask you to directly confirm with us that you provided your agent permission to submit a request. Please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that your agent is authorized to act on your behalf, we will deny the request.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon your relationship with us or how you interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all of the below information about you.
In addition to the below, we may collect and/or use additional types of information and will do so after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent to the extent such notice and consent is required by the CCPA and CPRA
Category of Personal Information Collected
Categories of Sources from which the Information was Collected
Business or Commercial Purpose(s) for which Information is Collected
Categories of Third Parties to whom this type of Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose and purpose
Sold or shared
Identifiers:
real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
We may collect this type of information from:
You as a user of our Services
Your devices
External sources you direct us to (for example data you post publicly).
We may use this type of information to:
provide and communicate with you about the Services or your account with us
To manage events
To conduct the Background Check for membership and job applicants
fulfill your requests regarding the Services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications
respond to your inquiries
communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you
enforce the legal terms (including without limitation our policies and Terms of Service) that govern your use of our Services, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the Information
provide technical support for the Services
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services
protect the safety of our Users
customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Services or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them
perform analysis regarding how you use the Services or any part thereof
We may disclose this type of information to:
To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. This may include service providers that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) process payments; (g) host our Services, forums and online communities; (h) administer contests; (i) maintain databases; (j) send or support online or mobile advertising; and (k) otherwise support our Services.
Advertisers and Advertising Networks
Partners
Social Networks
In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency's request or similar request.
With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action (in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or the Services, or violations of our policies, our Terms of Service or the law, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Services.
We may transfer some or all of your Information if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way.
We may share the Information with companies and Services affiliated with PGA, so they can provide, improve and communicate with you about their own products and Services.
We may share the Information with unaffiliated Partners and third parties (e.g., our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that wish to market products or services to you.
N/A
Any categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Commercial information
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Biometric Information
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Internet or other electronic network activity information
We may collect this type of information from:
Your devices
Our service providers
We may use this type of information to:
To operate our websites and mobile apps
provide technical support for the Services
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through the Services
protect the safety of our Users
Customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of the Services or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them
Manage our organization and administration
Comply with our legal obligations, including security investigations
·
Our "Partners" who include third party service providers, broadcast partners, other golf organizations, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your device used to access, or in connection with, our Services.
A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, device attributes, browser settings, the web pages of the Services you have visited, Services visited before and after you visit a Service, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Service (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on. Please see our Privacy Policy Section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used.
Yes, analytic cookies
Geolocation data
We may collect this information from You, when you are asked to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information with us
We may use this type of information to:
customize your experience on our Services or on other Services when we work with a Partner such as a third party mobile ad platform
You may also choose to provide your location, such as when searching for a golf course or services in a particular area or customizing the Service
We may disclose this type of information to:
Service Providers such as a third-party mobile ad platforms
N/A
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about You
You
Your device
Partners
Service Providers
We may disclose this information to:
Partners
Advertisers and Advertising Networks
Social Networks
Service Providers
N/A
Sensitive Personal Information
This includes: for example, ID numbers, such as social security or passport number; account log-in or financial account information.
We may collect the following information from:
You
Our service providers
We may use this type of information to:
To provide access to your account
To customize your experience
To administer the Qualifying Test
We may disclose this type of information to:
Service Providers
Third parties (including government agencies) as required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders)
Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition, or other ownership transition.
N/A
Financial Incentive Programs (California Residents Only)
We may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free services which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law. When you participate in an Incentive Program, you agree to the terms of that Incentive Program, and may revoke your participation depending on the Incentive Program (e.g., by opting out of emails or terminating a streaming service). To the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value of providing you with a more personalized experience as well as the expenses we incur in providing Incentive Programs that are reasonably related to the costs associated with offering the Incentives.
California Consumers Under the Age of 16
We do not knowingly collect or sell Personal Information of California Consumers younger than 18 years of age.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Your Privacy Rights
California Consumers have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising CCPA and CPRA rights. We will not discriminate or retaliate against you for exercising your CCPA and CPRA rights.
More Information
For more information about our privacy practices, please refer to our
Privacy Policy
.
Your Privacy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Back
Vendor Search
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more, read the relevant section of the applicable Privacy Policy.  By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.
Click here for our Cookie Policy.
Cookies Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/ae8a40ab-c486-4b0f-842f-07d3cdeaaf85:
Welcome to the PGA of America Privacy Request Webform
You can use this form to submit a request regarding your personal information that is processed by PGA of America.
You may also contact us regarding your data request at (877) 410-7865
Consistent with applicable law, you may exercise the rights described in this form. Please note that some of the rights may vary depending on your country, province, or state of residence.
Please complete this form and we will respond as soon as possible. We must verify that the person making a request is the person about whom the business we have personal information. We therefore may contact you requesting additional information. Please note, when asking for personal information to verify your identity, it will only be used for verification purposes.
For more details and information about how we use and protect your personal information, please visit our
Full Privacy Notice
.
This form is owned by PGA of America. PGA of America is an association of approximately 28,000 golf professionals and, through affiliated companies, it operates the PGA Championship, Senior PGA Championship, US-based Ryder Cup, and Women's PGA Championship. PGA TOUR, Inc. is a distinct and separate company that, among other things, hosts golf tournaments on the PGA TOUR, PGA TOUR Champions and Korn Ferry Tour. If you are trying to contact PGA Tour, Inc., please see the PGA Tour Privacy Policy or email:
support@pgatourfeedback.zendesk.com
If you purchased tickets or subscribed to a newsletter through Ryder Cup Europe, or in connection with a European-based Ryder Cup, please submit your requests to:
dataprotection@europeantour.com
Thank you.
--
Country
Enter country of residence.
*
State
*
I am a (an)
PGA Member
Ticket Purchaser
PGA Associate
Student
Employee
Prospective Employee
Jr. League Student
Jr. League Parent
Event Attendee
Hospitality Buyer
Newsletter Subscriber
Purchased Lessons on PGA.com
Mobile App User
Ryder Cup Ticket Purchaser
Ryder Cup Newsletter Subscriber
Select request type(s)
Correction
Access
Account/Data Deletion
Data Portability
Object to Processing (UK/EU)
Object to Automated Decision-Making (UK/EU)
Restrict Processing (UK/EU)
General User Request
Unsubscribe
First Name
Enter the first name of the data subject
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
Member Number
If you have any documentation in support of your request, please attach it using the button below
Select a File
Files larger than 4 MB are not supported.
Submit
Enter country of residence.
Enter the first name of the data subject
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter email for correspondence with the data request.
E.g. Family Cup, City Tour
Sub-policy 3
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/ae8a40ab-c486-4b0f-842f-07d3cdeaaf85form/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/a079e651-d764-48e6-9929-6efc67405dc2:
This
privacyportal.onetrust.com
page can’t be found
No webpage was found for the web address:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/ae8a40ab-c486-4b0f-842f-07d3cdeaaf85form/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/a079e651-d764-48e6-9929-6efc67405dc2
HTTP ERROR 404
Reload
No webpage was found for the web address:
https://privacyportal.onetrust.com/webform/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/ae8a40ab-c486-4b0f-842f-07d3cdeaaf85form/d026f30a-622a-40b3-b261-d78a6b839240/a079e651-d764-48e6-9929-6efc67405dc2