Privacy and Cookie Policy of The Beachwaver Co.®
The following policy summarizes the commitment of The Beachwaver Co.® (“our”, “we”, or “company”) to the privacy of its visitors. Maintaining your privacy is of utmost importance to us and we will make every effort to protect you and your personal information. We want you to have confidence when visiting beachwaver.com (“Website”), subscribing, shopping, and otherwise utilizing our website. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices. Except as specifically indicated, this policy applies only to our website and does not apply to any other websites that may be accessible through our website, such as social media platforms, advertising links, or other third-party websites that may be linked through our website. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. Information submitted by users to our store will be transmitted to and shared with third parties that may be located in other countries, in order to provide services to such users, including but not limited to transaction processing and fraud prevention.
The Information We Collect:
On our website, we may ask you to provide us the following types of personal information:
For registration, online surveys, and other online forms we may ask users to provide their names, email addresses, age group, birth date, and other contact information.
For making a purchase, we will collect your email, name, billing address, payment information, and delivery address. We will also collect payment information including (i) your name as it appears on the card; (ii) the credit card type; (iii) a valid credit card number; (iv) the date of expiration of your credit card; (v) your billing address; and (vi) any activation numbers or codes needed to charge your card.
For marketing activities, we may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the website through the use of trusted third party partners.  These partners may combine your email information with other information they have access to such as mailing address so that we may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail.
We may also collect personal information that you submit to us voluntarily when you correspond with us or interact with our Customer Service.
Additionally, our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names , IP addresses, (the number assigned to computers on the Internet), browser type, domain names and access times. We may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your online activities.
Cookies: What is a cookie? A cookie is a small amount of data, which may include a unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. We assign a different cookie to each device that accesses our website.
More on Cookies:
We use cookies to recognize your device and provide you with a personalized experience on our websites. We also use cookies as part of our Service, for example to operate the shopping cart.
We may also use web beacons and other automated tracking methods on our websites, in communications with you, and in our products and services, to measure performance and engagement. For example to provide Reviews of our products.
The website may also gather “traffic data” that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer. From time to time, the website may use the standard “cookies” feature, commonly used in internet browser applications. Cookies allow us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our website. One example of this is when you choose to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the website. Cookies help us learn which areas of our website are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our website may be diminished and some features may not work properly.
We may use functional cookies to remember choices you’ve made or information you’ve provided.
We may use user-centric security cookies to detect authentication abuses to increase the security of the service.
We may use flash cookies to store technical data needed to play back video or audio content.
We may use cookies to store a user’s preference regarding a service across web pages.
We may use analytics cookies, both first party and third party to measure how visitors use our website so that we can make relevant improvements.
We may update and/or change the way we use cookies at any time.
Setting up an Account :
In order to purchase any products from our website, you will have to provide your email and mailing address, name, credit card, or other payment information. You also have the option to set up an account. The account requires a password and it is your responsibility to maintain the secrecy of the password to your account. For any issues relating to your account, please contact us through customerservice@beachwaver.com. Should you
want your account removed, include “Remove Account” in the subject line.
The Way We Use Information:
In general, we may use your personal information to:
Administer your account and verify your identity;
Process your payments and fulfill your orders;
Provide you with Customer Support;
Tailor the features and performance of our website to you;
Market our products to you;
Respond to your requests and/or troubleshoot problems;
Improve the quality of our website and products;
Communicate with you about your purchases, including to solicit your review of the products purchased.
See the Detailed Cookies section below for more specific information.
You may choose to subscribe to receive emails from the website regarding promotions, news, product releases, or other events. The information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you subscribe. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your request. We may disclose your personal information: (i) to third party vendors who help us serve you, including vendors that help us verify your identity and vendors that process payments for us; (ii) to third parties to whom you ask or authorize us to send personal information by opting in; (iii) to any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Statement; (iv) to a company that merges with us, acquires us, or purchases substantially all of our assets, in which case such company may continue to process your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Statement; or (v) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (1) resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms of Service; (2) comply with relevant laws or to respond to requests from law enforcement; or (3) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties.
Under no circumstances will we sell your personal information to a third party.
Your Choices
You can always decline to provide any personal information to us - it is your choice, and you are under no obligation to provide personal information to us. However, if you decide not to provide such information, then you may not be able to use or purchase from our site. At any point, you may access, review, and modify your personal information from your account by contacting us at the number and/or email provided below.
Should you decide to stop receiving promotional emails, we provide instructions in those emails to unsubscribe and will respect your decision to unsubscribe by removing you from the newsletter.
Should you decide to stop receiving promotional mail from us, please email
customerservice@Beachwaver.com
, and we will respect your decision to unsubscribe from our postal mailing list.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers.
When you visit our website, log in, register or open an email, cookies, ad beacons, and similar technologies may be used by our online data partners or vendors to associate these activities with information they or others have about you, including your email address. We (or service providers on our behalf) may then send communications and marketing to these email addresses. You may opt out of receiving this advertising by visiting https://app.retention.com/optout.
Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with advertisers or third-party businesses on an aggregate and anonymous basis. We may use anonymous IP addresses to diagnose server or website problems, to administer the website or to provide you with more display content according to your preference.  Promotions or advertisers on our website may utilize cookies. We do not have access to or control over the information collected by advertisers you may visit from our website.
In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets, including the information collected through this website or otherwise collected in connection with the website. If our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use reasonable technology to help prevent interference or access from unauthorized persons. Sensitive information is transmitted securely. Despite such efforts, however, please note that no company, including us, can fully eliminate risks or guarantee the security of your personal information; unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of information about you at any time. Consequently, we do not guarantee the security of any information or our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, or otherwise to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
Our servers and those of our partners are Privacy Shield compliant. For customers outside of the U.S., data is transferred to and stored in the U.S. and Canada in order to fulfill our business commitments to you. Our servers, our service providers, and our partners, are Privacy Shield compliant. Additional information is in the below table with links to our partners’ privacy statements.
Children:
Our website is a general audience website and no portion of the website is directed specifically to children under 13. We do not collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a website user is under 13, we will delete any personal information in that user’s account.
Public Forums:
The website may include interactive forums such as message boards, chat rooms, or comments sections. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Third Party Links:
The website may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices, collection, use, maintenance, sharing or disclosure of data, or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of websites that you visit before submitting personal information.
Pre-orders
To offer you Purple Dot pre-orders, we pass Purple Dot certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details. You can find general information about Purple Dot
here
. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in
Purple Dot's privacy policy
.
Contact:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us at
info@beachwaver.com
We reserve the right to update, alter, or modify this privacy policy at any time and without notice to you. Any update, alteration, or modification made will become immediately effective upon posting to this website.
NAME
FUNCTION
DURATION
_ab
Used in connection with access to admin.
2y
_customer_account_shop_sessions
Used in combination with the _secure_account_session_id cookie to track a user's session for new customer accounts
30d
_secure_account_session_id
Used to track a user's session for new customer accounts
30d
_secure_session_id
Used to track a user's session through the multi-step checkout process and keep their order, payment and shipping details connected.
24h
_shopify_country
For shops where pricing currency/country set from GeoIP, that cookie stores the country we've detected. This cookie helps avoid doing GeoIP lookups after the first request.
session
_shopify_m
Used for managing customer privacy settings.
1y
_shopify_tm
Used for managing customer privacy settings.
30min
_shopify_tw
Used for managing customer privacy settings.
2w
_storefront_u
Used to facilitate updating customer account information.
1min
_tracking_consent
Used to store a user's preferences if a merchant has set up privacy rules in the visitor's region.
1y
_cmp_a
Used for managing customer privacy settings.
1d
c
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
cart
Used in connection with shopping cart.
2w
cart_currency
Set after a checkout is completed to ensure that new carts are in the same currency as the last checkout.
2w
cart_sig
A hash of the contents of a cart. This is used to verify the integrity of the cart and to ensure performance of some cart operations.
2w
cart_ts
Used in connection with checkout.
2w
cart_ver
Used in connection with shopping cart.
2w
checkout
Used in connection with checkout.
4w
checkout_token
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
customer_account_locale
Used in connection with new customer accounts
1y
dynamic_checkout_shown_on_cart
Used in connection with checkout.
30min
hide_shopify_pay_for_checkout
Used in connection with checkout.
session
keep_alive
Used in connection with buyer localization.
2w
master_device_id
Used in connection with merchant login.
2y
previous_step
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
discount_code
Used in connection with checkout.
session
remember_me
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
secure_customer_sig
Used to identify a user after they sign into a shop as a customer so they do not need to log in again.
1y
shopify_pay
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
shopify_pay_redirect
Used in connection with checkout.
1 hour, 3w or 1y depending on value
shop_pay_accelerated
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
source_name
Used in combination with mobile apps to provide custom checkout behavior, when viewing a store from within a compatible mobile app.
session
storefront_digest
Stores a digest of the storefront password, allowing merchants to preview their storefront while it's password protected.
2y
tracked_start_checkout
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
checkout_session_lookup
Used in connection with checkout.
3w
checkout_prefill
Used in connection with checkout.
5m
checkout_queue_token
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
checkout_queue_checkout_token
Used in connection with checkout.
1y
checkout_worker_session
Used in connection with checkout.
3d
checkout_session_token
Used in connection with checkout.
3w
checkout_session_token_<<token>>
Used in connection with checkout.
3w
cookietest
Used to ensure our systems are working correctly
1m
order
Used in connection with order status page.
3w
identity-state
Used in connection with customer authentication
24h
identity-state-<<token>>
Used in connection with customer authentication
24h
identity_customer_account_number
Used in connection with customer authentication
12w
card_update_verification_id
Used in connection with checkout.
20m
customer_account_new_login
Used in connection with customer authentication
20m
customer_account_preview
Used in connection with customer authentication
7d
customer_payment_method
Used in connection with checkout.
1h
customer_shop_pay_agreement
Used in connection with checkout.
20m
pay_update_intent_id
Used in connection with checkout.
20m
localization
Used in connection with checkout.
2w
profile_preview_token
Used in connection with checkout.
5m
login_with_shop_finalize
Used in connection with customer authentication
5m
preview_theme
Used in connection with the theme editor
session
shopify-editor-unconfirmed-settings
Used in connection with the theme editor
16h
wpm-test-cookie
Used to ensure our systems are working correctly.
session
Reporting and Analytics
NAME
DESCRIPTION
DURATION
_landing_page
Track landing pages.
2w
_orig_referrer
Track landing pages.
2w
_s
Shopify analytics.
30min
_shopify_d
Shopify analytics.
session
_shopify_fs
Shopify analytics.
30min
_shopify_s
Shopify analytics.
30min
_shopify_sa_p
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
30min
_shopify_sa_t
Shopify analytics relating to marketing & referrals.
30min
_shopify_y
Shopify analytics.
1y
_y
Shopify analytics.
1y
_shopify_ga
Shopify and Google Analytics.
session
customer_auth_provider
Shopify analytics.
session
customer_auth_session_created_at
Shopify analytics.
session
shop_analytics
Shopify analytics.
1y
unique_interaction_id
Shopify analytics.
10min
For more information on Shopify website cookies please see: https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies
We may use the following providers as indicated below:
PROVIDERS
USE
POLICY LINK
Shopify
We use Shopify as a web store platform.
https://shopify.com/legal/privacy
Stamped.io
We use Stamped.io to provide Review content.
https://stamped.io/privacy
Klaviyo
We use Klaviyo to send emails to our members
https;//www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy
Google
We use Google to help measure how users access the site.
https;//policies.google.com/privacy
Facebook
We use Facebook to allow visitors to our website to interact with and share content via Facebook's social media platform.
https://facebook.com/policy.php
Pinterest
We use Pinterest to allow visitors to our website to interact with and share content via Pinterest's social media platform.
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy
Twitter
We use Twitter to allow visitors to our website to interact with and share content via Twitter's social media platform.
https;//twitter.com/en/privacy
YouTube
We use YouTube to display video content.
https://suppoert.google.com/youtube/answer/2801895?hl=en
Recharge
We use Recharge for subscription service.
https://rechargepayments.com/privacy-policy
Smilie.io
We use Slime.io to provide customers with a rewards/loyalty program.
https://smile.io/privacy-policy
Zendesk
We use Zendesk to provide customer service on our website.
https://www.zendesk.com/company/agreements-and-terms/cookie-notice/
Instagram
We use Instagram to engage with our followers on social media.
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Attentive Mobile
We use Attentive Mobile for SMS.
https://www.attentivemobile.com/privacy/
updated February 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.getpurpledot.com/privacy:
Platform Privacy Policy
Last updated:
May 8, 2023
Purple Dot Technologies Limited ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.purpledotprice.com and https://www.getpurpledot.com websites (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.getpurpledot.com
DEFINITIONS
Service
- Service are the https://www.purpledotprice.com and https://www.getpurpledot.com websites operated by Purple Dot Technologies Limited
Personal Data
- Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
- Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
- Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
- Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Processor of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
USE OF DATA
Purple Dot Technologies Limited uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Purple Dot Technologies Limited legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Purple Dot Technologies Limited may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
RETENTION OF DATA
Purple Dot Technologies Limited will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Purple Dot Technologies Limited will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
TRANSFER OF DATA
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Purple Dot Technologies Limited will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
DISCLOSURE OF DATA
DISCLOSURE FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT
Under certain circumstances, Purple Dot Technologies Limited may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
Purple Dot Technologies Limited may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Purple Dot Technologies Limited
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
SECURITY OF DATA
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
OUR POLICY ON "DO NOT TRACK" SIGNALS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA ONLINE PROTECTION ACT (CALOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Purple Dot Technologies Limited aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Purple Dot Technologies Limited relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
ANALYTICS
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and personalise the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Mixpanel
Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc.
You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page:
https://mixpanel.com/optout/
For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Terms of Use page of Mixpanel:
https://mixpanel.com/terms/
FullStory
You can prevent FullStory from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out please visit this page:
https://www.fullstory.com/optout/
For more information on what type of information FullStory collects, please visit the FullStory privacy policy:
https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy/
Facebook
For more information on what type of information Facebook collects, please visit the Facebook privacy policy - information from partners:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
PAYMENTS
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Stripe
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://stripe.com/us/privacy
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email:
support@getpurpledot.com
Sub-policy 1
https://shopify.com/legal/privacy:
Skip to Content
Updated March 2, 2023
Privacy Policy
How Shopify handles your data
Table of Contents
Introduction
Our values
Why we process your information
Your rights over your information
Where we send your information
How long do we retain your information
Our use of Machine Learning
How we protect your information
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
How you can reach us
United States Regional Privacy Notice
Introduction
In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our
merchants using Shopify
to power your business
customers
who shop at a Shopify-powered business
partners
who develop apps for merchants to use, build stores on behalf of merchants, refer potential entrepreneurs to Shopify, or otherwise help merchants operate or improve their Shopify-powered business
users of Shopify apps
and services like
Shop
or
Shop Pay
visitors to
Shopify’s websites
, or anyone contacting
Shopify support
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email).
Our values
Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy.
Your information belongs to you
We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit.
We protect your information from others
If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden.
We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations
Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive.
Why we process your information
We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include:
preventing risk and fraud
answering questions or providing other types of support
helping merchants find and use apps through our app store
providing and improving our products and services
providing reporting and analytics
testing out features or additional services
assisting with marketing, advertising, or other communications
We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information.
We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data.
Your rights over your information
We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law.
If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with, please submit your data subject request through our
online portal
. Please note that if you send us a request relating to your personal information, we have to make sure that it is you before we can respond. In order to do so, we may use a third party to collect and verify identification documents. Further information about rights available to US residents can be found below under the header “United States Regional Privacy Notice”.
If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time.
Finally, because there is no common understanding about what a
“Do Not Track”
signal is supposed to mean, we don’t respond to those signals in any particular way.
Where we send your information
We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant.
Transfers outside of Europe and Switzerland
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law.
If you are in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, when we send your personal information to Canada it is protected under Canadian law, which the European Commission has found adequately protects your information. If we then send this personal information outside of Canada (for example, when we send this information to our
Subprocessors
), this information is protected by contractual commitments that are comparable to those provided in the
Standard Contractual Clauses.
Finally, while we do what we can to protect your information, we may at times be legally required to disclose your personal information (for example, if we receive a valid court order). For information about how we respond to such orders, please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
How long do we retain your information
We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information.
Our use of Machine Learning
One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store).
How we protect your information
Our teams work tirelessly to protect your information, and to ensure the security and integrity of our platform. We also have independent auditors assess the security of our data storage and systems that process financial information. However, we all know that no method of transmission over the Internet, and method of electronic storage, can be 100% secure. This means we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. You can find more information about our security measures at
/ie/security
.
How we use “cookies” and other tracking technologies
We use
cookies
and similar tracking technologies on our website and when providing our services. For more information about how we use these technologies, including a list of other companies that place cookies on our sites, a list of cookies that we place when we power a merchant’s store, and an explanation of how you can opt out of certain types of cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about, make a request relating to, or complain about how we process your personal information, please contact
Shopify Support
, or mail us at one of the addresses below. If you would like to submit a legally binding request to demand someone else’s personal information (for example, if you have a subpoena or court order), please review our
Guidelines for Legal Requests
.
If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf.
If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy.
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa:
Shopify International Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Intertrust Ireland
2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings
Haddington Road
Dublin 4, D04 XN32
Ireland
If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand:
Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Attn: Data Protection Officer
77 Robinson Road,
#13-00 Robinson 77,
Singapore 068896
United States Regional Privacy Notice
This United States Regional Privacy Notice (“US Notice”) supplements our Privacy Policy and all supplemental privacy policies on
www.shopify.com
(together, the “Shopify Privacy Policies”).
This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”).
What information we collect and share about you
To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information.
We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws.
Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify.
Categories of personal information collected
Recipients of personal information
Identifiers, including name, email address, mailing address, phone number;
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute, including name, mailing and billing address, phone number, credit or debit card information;
Commercial information, including products you purchase, place in your shopping cart, favorite or review (if you are a customer) and information you provide us about you and your business (if you are a merchant);
Photos and videos, which may include face imagery, if you choose to provide them.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including information regarding the device and browser you use, network connection, IP address, and how you browse through our apps and sites;
Geolocation data, including your mailing and billing address;
Inferences, or information derived from other personal information about you, which could include your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience;
Other information you provide; and
Sensitive personal information, which may include:
Government-issued identifiers, including social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number;
Your account access credentials (such as account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number in combination with any required security access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account);
Your device’s precise location (if you are a Shop App user, but only when you allow Shop to access this information);
Information you voluntarily disclose that may reveal certain characteristics about you such as your racial or ethnic origin or sexual orientation
The contents of email messages in the email inboxes that you connect to your Shop account, and information from email messages you transfer to the app to be included in your order history (if you use Shop).
Companies who help us provide you with our services, including cloud storage providers, payment processors, fulfillment partners, security vendors, email providers, marketplaces and data analytics vendors;
Advertisers and marketing vendors;
Merchants whose shops you visit or make purchases from;
Partners who provide a range of services to merchants, such as by developing apps or themes for use by merchants, serving as an affiliate that refers potential merchants to us, or helping merchants build or manage stores;
Law enforcement or other third parties in connection with legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Why we collect and share your Personal Information
We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law.
Sources of Personal Information
To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by:
You: We collect the information you provide when you use our platform, including when you sign up for Shopify as a merchant, visit a Shopify-powered store, fill in order information, visit one of Shopify’s websites or contact Shopify support. We collect account and payment information you provide to us (including information about your business if you are a merchant), Shopify stores or items you save to favorites, purchases you make, reviews you post, and how you otherwise interact or communicate with stores or other users on our apps or services. We also collect information about how you browse through our apps and sites, including search terms you may enter.
Your device(s): We collect information from and about the devices you use, including computers, phones, and other web-connected devices you use to access our apps or services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.
Third parties: We receive information from partners who help us provide you with our services including the following:
Email providers. If you use the Shop App and you connect your third party inboxes, such as Gmail or Outlook (according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law), we receive information to identify shopping-related emails and display within Shop information about specific orders you have made, stores you have engaged with in the past, and other related information.
Service Providers. We receive information from our service providers, who help us provide services to our merchants, like reviewing accounts for fraud or other concerns.
Marketplaces. If you use the Shop App, we receive information about purchases you have made from other marketplaces or platforms, such as Amazon, that you choose to connect through Shop. This information helps us to provide and improve Shop, to personalize your experience using our apps and services, and to determine if you are eligible for specific offers or payment methods.
Subprocessors. We work with third party subprocessors for cloud hosting, content delivery, data analysis, internal logging, fulfillment services and email transmission, among others, to provide you with our services. For more information, see Shopify’s subprocessors.
Analytics and cookie providers. We receive information through our use of cookies, social plugins (such as the Facebook “like” button), pixels and tags for business purposes, such as providing information to help measure how users interact with our website content. For more information about how we use these technologies, see our Cookie Policy.
How long we keep your information
Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests.
If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process.
When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained.
Your rights over your information
Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights:
Right to Know: The right to request that we disclose to you the personal information we collect, use, or disclose about you, and information about our data practices.
Right to Request Correction: The right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Right to Request Deletion: The right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected about you.
To exercise your rights, including the “right to know” and “right to delete,” please submit a request through our online portal. If you use Shop or Shop Pay, please visit
https://shop.app/delete-account
for instructions on how to request deletion of your information.
If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant.
Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID.
Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information.
For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
How you can reach us
If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above.
Sub-policy 2
https://stamped.io/privacy:
Privacy Policy
WeCommerce Holdings Limited Partnership dba Stamped (“Stamped”, "
Stamped
," "
we
," or "
us
") are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies across all websites that we own and operate, all services we provide, and any other apps or services we may offer such as events or training, “services”.  This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access, and correction of your personal information. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our services.
We will never sell your personal data.
When we say 'personal data' we mean identifiable information about you, like your name, email, address, telephone number, bank account details, payment information, support queries, community comments and so on. If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal data has been aggregated and anonymized) then this notice doesn’t apply. Check out our
Terms of Service
for more information on how we treat your other data.
This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If the changes are significant, we will let you know, usually through an email.
Who are ‘we’?
When we refer to ‘we’ (or ‘our’ or ‘us’), that means WeCommerce Holdings Limited Partnership dba Stamped. Our headquarters are in Vancouver, Canada.
We provide easy-to-use global cloud Ecommerce Marketing software solutions.
For European Union data protection purposes, when we act as a controller in relation to your personal data, our Data Protection Officer is our representative and can be contacted at privacy@stamped.io.
How we collect your data
When you visit our websites or use our services, we collect personal data. The ways we collect it can be broadly categorised into the following:
Information you provide to us directly
: When you visit or use some parts of our websites and/or services we might ask you to provide personal data to us. For example, we ask for your contact information when you sign up for our solutions, respond to a job application or an email offer, participate in community forums, join us on social media, take part in training and events, contact us with questions or request support. If you don’t want to provide us with personal data, you don’t have to, but it might mean you can’t use some parts of our websites or services.
Information we collect automatically
: We collect some information about you automatically when you visit our websites or use our services, like your IP address and device type. We also collect information when you navigate through our websites and services, including what pages you looked at and what links you clicked on. This information is useful for us as it helps us get a better understanding of how you’re using our websites and services so that we can continue to provide the best experience possible (e.g., by personalising the content you see).
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technologies.
Information we get from third parties
: The majority of information we collect, we collect directly from you. Sometimes we might collect personal data about you from other sources, such as publicly available materials or trusted third parties like our marketing and research partners.
Where we collect personal data, we’ll only process it:
to perform a contract with you, or
where we have legitimate interests to process the personal data and they’re not overridden by your rights, or
in accordance with a legal obligation, or
where we have your consent.
If we don’t collect your personal data, we may be unable to provide you with all our services, and some functions and features on our websites may not be available to you.
How we use your data
First and foremost, we use your personal data to operate our websites and provide you with any services you’ve requested, and to manage our relationship with you. We also use your personal data for other purposes, which may include the following:
To communicate with you.
This may include:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like training or education materials) or information we are required to send to you
operational communications, like changes to our websites and services, security updates, or assistance with using our websites and services
marketing communications (about Stamped or another product or service we think you might be interested in) in accordance with your marketing preferences
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are conducting (which we may engage a third party to assist with).
To support you
: This may include assisting with the resolution of technical support issues or other issues relating to the websites or services, whether by email, in-app support or otherwise.
To enhance our websites and services and develop new ones
: For example, by tracking and monitoring your use of websites and services so we can keep improving, or by carrying out technical analysis of our websites and services so that we can optimise your user experience and provide you with more efficient tools.
To protect
: So that we can detect and prevent any fraudulent or malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using our websites and services fairly and in accordance with our
Terms of Service
.
To market to you
: In addition to sending you marketing communications, we may also use your personal data to display targeted advertising to you online – through our own websites and services or through third party websites and their platforms.
To analyse, aggregate and report
: We may use the personal data we collect about you and other users of our websites and services (whether obtained directly or from third parties) to produce aggregated and anonymised analytics and reports, which we may share publicly or with third parties.
How we can share your data
There will be times when we need to share your personal data with third parties. We will only disclose your personal data to:
third party service providers and partners who assist and enable us to use the personal data to, for example, support delivery of or provide functionality on the website or services, or to market or promote our goods and services to you
regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties where we think it’s necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights. Where possible and appropriate, we will notify you of this type of disclosure
other people where we have your consent
Accuracy
We take all reasonable steps within our control to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, we also rely on you to advise us of any changes to your personal information. You can change your personal data related to your Stamped account in the platform under Settings.
Security
We are committed to protecting your personal data and have taken steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and to prevent unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.
Although we aim to create a safe, secure environment by trying to limit access to the site to legitimate users, we cannot guarantee that unauthorised parties will not gain access. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we expressly exclude any liability arising from any unauthorised access to your personal information.
We will inform you without undue delay unless the risk to your individual rights and freedoms is low—such as if the compromised data was well-encrypted.
Please contact us at privacy@stamped.io immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use of your account by anyone else or any other breach of security.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal data depends on what it is and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to provide you with a service you’ve requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
We’ll retain your personal data for as long as we have a relationship with you and for a period of time afterwards where we have an ongoing business need to retain it, in accordance with our data retention policies and practices.
Please note that if you ask Stamped to stop processing your personal data in a certain way or erase your personal data, and this type of processing or data is needed to facilitate your use of the services, you may not be able to use the services as you did before, or at all.
Cookies
To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too. A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.
Our site uses cookies to help us identify you from other users, track your usage of our site, and your website access preferences. We do or may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our site. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our site, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish—for details, see
aboutcookies.org
. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit our site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Links to third party websites
Our site may contain links to and from third party websites. If you click on such links, you do so at your own risk and subject to whatever privacy policy and/or website terms may govern the use of such websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible, nor liable for, the content, privacy practices or website terms of such websites or any information you provide to them. You should read the privacy policy of these third parties to find out how they handle your personal information when you visit their websites.
International Data Transfers
Your information may be processed outside of the country where you live. For individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), this means that your data may be transferred outside of the EEA. Regardless of where we use, process, or store your data, we will comply with the protections set out in this Privacy Policy and relevant legislation. Where we disclose personal data to a third party in another country, we endeavour to put safeguards in place to ensure your personal data remains protected such as where we have approved transfer mechanisms in place to protect your personal data – i.e., by entering into the European Commission’s
Standard Contractual Clauses
.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or feedback about this Privacy Policy or our services, please do get in touch with us at privacy@stamped.io.
We use cookies
Our website uses cookies to provide and improve our services, mainly through 3rd parties. You can find out more about our
Privacy Policy / GDPR
.
Allow all cookies
Sub-policy 3
https://beachwaver.com/pages/https;//www.klaviyo.com/privacy/policy:
What are you looking for?
Clear
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Free Shipping
You are $50.00 away from
FREE SHIPPING and FREE GIFT
Your cart is empty!
Add your favorite items to your cart.
Shop Now
These Are A Need!
Polynesian Pink Sugar Body Butter
Sale price
$6.00
Original price
$14.00
Add
Luxe Leave-In Conditioning Detangler
Price
$24.00
Add
Second Chance Dry Shampoo - Travel Size
Price
$9.99
Add
Powered by Rebuy
Hurry -- your special offer ends in:
3
:
30
Stocking Stuffer!
Me & My Curls Creamy Curl Mousse
Price
$9.99
Travel Size (1.3oz)
Add to Bag
No Thanks
Continue to Checkout
Powered by Rebuy
Sub-policy 4
https://beachwaver.com/pages/https;//policies.google.com/privacy:
What are you looking for?
Clear
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Free Shipping
You are $50.00 away from
FREE SHIPPING and FREE GIFT
Your cart is empty!
Add your favorite items to your cart.
Shop Now
These Are A Need!
Polynesian Pink Sugar Body Butter
Sale price
$6.00
Original price
$14.00
Add
Luxe Leave-In Conditioning Detangler
Price
$24.00
Add
Second Chance Dry Shampoo - Travel Size
Price
$9.99
Add
Powered by Rebuy
Hurry -- your special offer ends in:
3
:
30
Stocking Stuffer!
Me & My Curls Creamy Curl Mousse
Price
$9.99
Travel Size (1.3oz)
Add to Bag
No Thanks
Continue to Checkout
Powered by Rebuy
Sub-policy 5
https://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy:
Policy
Terms
Privacy
Community
Merchant
Advertising
Developers
Copyright
Trademark
Enforcement
Transparency
Call Recordings
Non-User Notice
Privacy Policy
We're updating our Privacy Policy, effective April 30, 2025. You can preview the updated Privacy Policy
here
.
California Privacy Statement
California Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection
here
.
Summary of changes
We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. We added more details about the personal data that we collect and how we may share it.
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties.
We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Scope of the Privacy Policy
This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live.
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“
GDPR
”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
We collect information in a few different ways
1. When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it
When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other
products
or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information.
Account Information
: When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, country of residence, your interests, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile.
Content
: We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users.
Precise location information
: Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings.
Your communications with us
: If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications.
Your contacts
: If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services.
2. We also get technical information when you use Pinterest
When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Device information
: We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers.
Log data
: When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can
learn more about the log data we collect here
.
Information from cookies and similar technologies
: We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our
Cookie Policy
.
Usage data and inference
s. When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast. We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience.
Location Information
: We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken.
User Choices
: We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications.
3. Our partners and advertisers share information with us
We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example:
Third party platforms
: If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform (like Facebook or Google), they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you
connect your third-party accounts
to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data.
Technical service partners
: We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms.
Advertisers or other partners
: Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services.
Learn more about the Pinterest Tag
and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us.
You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
How we use the info we collect
We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our
Terms of Service
.
Respond to your questions or comments.
Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services.
Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings.
Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to
stop getting other notifications
by updating your
settings
.
We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we:
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.
Conduct
age verification
, as appropriate. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding.
Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models.
Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information.
We also use your information to personalize the ads you see
Specifically, we use the information we collect to:
Decide which ads to show you, directly on Pinterest, and
depending on where you live
, show you ads through our partners. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required.
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you.
Learn more
about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.
Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your
Privacy and Data Settings
.
When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below.
We use info based on legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights.
To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we:
Identify you when you use our Services.
Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards.
Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To build your community on our Services, we:
Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.
Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your contacts
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To make and keep Pinterest safe, we:
Work with law enforcement and researchers to keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts, or from researchers to study activity on Pinterest. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
.
Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms.
Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public.
Conduct age verification. This may include facial age estimation and matching your face against a government ID.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest.
It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we:
Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.
Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we:
Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
Information categories used
The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To communicate with you, we:
Respond to your questions or comments.
Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like. Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to
stop getting these notifications
by updating your
settings
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide.
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting and personal on our Services, we:
Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Your communications with us
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To provide measurement and ad analytics we:
Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please
visit the Help Center
.
Legitimate interests relied on
It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we:
Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others.
Legitimate interests relied on
We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue.
Information categories used
Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)
Content
Location information
Log data
Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
)
Device information
Usage data and inferences
User choices
Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners)
We use info to comply with our legal obligations
Why and how we use your info
To comply with legal and regulatory obligations
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request.
Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with researchers, law enforcement, or other authorities.
To deal with and resolve requests and complaints. We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved.
Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include:
Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR) and the Digital Services Act (DSA).
Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).
Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997.
Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users
We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
We use info where you give us consent
How and why we use your info
Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings):
Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.
Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ads we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained.
Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.
Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events.
Information categories used
Any of the categories of information listed in “We collect information in a few different ways” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK).
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your
account settings
and, if you still need help, our
Help Center
.
Access
: You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you in a portable format. You can find more information about this
through our Help Center
.
Correction/rectification
: You can correct your information by updating information in your profile.
Deletion/erasure
: You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions.
Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale”
: As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data.
Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time.
Additional rights in the EEA, the UK, and Switzerland
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights:
Right to object or restrict processing
: You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this
form
.
Right to withdraw consent
: Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal.
Right to portability
: You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.
Right to lodge a complaint
: If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country.
In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk.
In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form:
Forms for Data Protection
.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using
privacy-support@pinterest.com
.
You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can:
Edit information in your profile
,
Link or unlink your Pinterest account
from other services (like Facebook or Google),
Edit secret board settings
, and
Close your account at any time
. We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices.
You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example:
The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us.
For users who reside in certain U.S. states and have enabled an opt-out preferences signal (such as Global Privacy Control), we will respect this preference when you use Pinterest.
How and when we share information
Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above:
With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to
link your Pinterest account
to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.
Depending on where you live, we share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services, showing you ads through our partners, and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. For example, when you fill out a lead ad form, or click on an ad on Pinterest, we’ll share this information with advertising partners.
With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.
With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, researchers, or other parties in compliance with laws, rules, or regulations. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share information if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person in emergency situations. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our
Law Enforcement Guidelines
. We may share your publicly accessible information with independent researchers who meet certain criteria, to combat societal harms.
With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser).
Transferring your information
Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country.
Additional steps for data transfers in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK
If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers. Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following:
Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here; or
Standard contractual clauses (“SCCs”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “How we use the info we collect” to third parties in countries without an adequacy decision.
While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk.
We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use:
technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and
policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests.
For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below.
How long we keep your information
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you.
If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account.
Our policy on children's information
Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the
Help Center
for more information.
How we make changes to this policy
We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email.
Contact us
The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the
Help Center
. If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
You can also contact our
Data Protection Officer
.
Effective Date outside EEA, UK, and Switzerland: March 13, 2024
Effective Date in EEA, UK, and Switzerland: April 30, 2024
Table of Contents
California Privacy Statement
Summary of changes
Thank you for using Pinterest!
Scope of the Privacy Policy
We collect information in a few different ways
How we use the info we collect
Additional Info for EEA, Swiss and UK Data Subjects: Legal bases we rely on where we use your information
Your Rights and Choices
How and when we share information
Transferring your information
How long we keep your information
Our policy on children's information
How we make changes to this policy
Contact us
Sub-policy 6
https://beachwaver.com/pages/https;//twitter.com/en/privacy:
What are you looking for?
Clear
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Free Shipping
You are $50.00 away from
FREE SHIPPING and FREE GIFT
Your cart is empty!
Add your favorite items to your cart.
Shop Now
These Are A Need!
Polynesian Pink Sugar Body Butter
Sale price
$6.00
Original price
$14.00
Add
Luxe Leave-In Conditioning Detangler
Price
$24.00
Add
Second Chance Dry Shampoo - Travel Size
Price
$9.99
Add
Powered by Rebuy
Hurry -- your special offer ends in:
3
:
30
Stocking Stuffer!
Me & My Curls Creamy Curl Mousse
Price
$9.99
Travel Size (1.3oz)
Add to Bag
No Thanks
Continue to Checkout
Powered by Rebuy
Sub-policy 7
https://rechargepayments.com/privacy-policy:
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Recharge Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 27, 2024
1.
Introduction
Recharge Inc. (“
Recharge
”, “
we
”, “
us
,” or “
our
”) wants to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose the Personal Information (defined below) we obtain about visitors to our website at
https://getrecharge.com
(the “
Website
”) and in the course of Recharge’s business activities, including our subscriptions, bundles, and flows products (collectively, our “
Services
”). Any use of “
you
” in this Policy refers to any individual who is the subject of and owns any Personal Information that we collect.
We also want to help you understand your rights and choices regarding your Personal Information. Residents of certain jurisdictions may have additional rights concerning their Personal Information under the laws of those jurisdictions. If you are a resident of California, please refer to the California Privacy Rights Section below. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the Questions and Contact Information Section.
By visiting the Website, or using any of our Services, you agree that information describing or relating to you (“
Personal Information
”) will be handled as described in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”). Your use of our Website or Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our
Terms of Service
, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. Our Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Policy.
In the course of providing our Services, we collect Personal Information:
through our business customers that use our Services (“
Merchants
”),
from the customers of our Merchants (Merchant Customers),
from visitors to our Website, and
through other internal and external business partners.
Our Services are primarily intended for use by businesses. Where our Services are made available to Merchant Customers, we collect Personal Information on behalf of relevant Merchants. Under those circumstances, the Merchant is the data controller of Merchant Customers’ Personal Information and must have an accurate privacy policy that complies with all applicable laws and regulations. Merchant Customers should contact that Merchant with questions or requests regarding their Personal Information, as the Merchants’ privacy practices may differ from this Policy. Additionally, Merchant stores may be hosted on e-commerce platforms. Where this is the case, you may also want to read the e-commerce platform’s terms of service and privacy policy. If you are a Merchant Customer, you should contact your relevant Merchant with any questions or requests regarding your Personal Information.
2.
Information Recharge Collects
When you use or interact with our Services, we collect the following Personal Information for the following purposes:
Information Recharge Collects on behalf of Merchants
Personal Information Collected
Purposes
Merchant Customer Identifiers
Merchant Customer names, email addresses, shipping addresses, and billing addresses
To provide our Services.
Merchant Customer Commercial Information
The last 4 digits of Merchant Customer credit cards, PayPal (or equivalent service) information, products ordered or considered, purchase history, and other order information.
To bill Merchant Customers and fund Merchants, as is necessary to provide our Services. For clarity, full credit card or PayPal (or equivalent service) information is not collected or processed by us directly, but rather by the PCI-compliant third-party payment processor selected by each Merchant.
We may anonymize, de-identify, and aggregate order information for purposes of research and creating publicly distributed industry reports.
Customer Transactional Behavior
Transactional behavior information such as, but not limited to, subscription start date, subscription cancellation date, and subscription pause date.
To communicate transactional behaviors to third parties and Merchants as needed to provide the Services, or as expressly requested by the Merchant.
Information Recharge collects on its own behalf
Personal Information Collected
Purposes
Website Information
Information about activity on the Recharge Website, including how and when you visit, browsing history, and your network information (such as the IP address)
To provide and improve our Services.
​​​​For details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our
Website Cookie Policy
.
Network Information
Basic computer and network traffic information, in line with the IETF specifications for network connections
or security and anti-fraud purposes, including identifying and blocking fraudulent connections and enabling user authentications and role authorizations.
Contact Information
Names, emails, addresses, phone numbers, and time zones of employees of our Merchants and business partners.
To provide or seek to provide our Services, for example for marketing, to communicate with Merchants regarding their use of our Services (including technical support by individuals and/or chatbots), and to correctly format invoices.
To otherwise communicate about our Services, and if you contact us with a question or concern.
To build and maintain our contact lists, including for purposes of working with us for our mutual benefit.
Personal Information in other cases where you have given us your permission
For purposes disclosed when requesting permission.
3.
Sources of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months since this notice was last updated, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources:
E-commerce platforms
Our Services products
Merchants
Business partners
Advertising and agency partners
4.
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information to the following parties
Affiliates.
We may disclose any Personal Information we receive with our affiliates for any of the purposes described in this Policy.
Vendors, Service Providers, and Business Partners.
We may disclose any Personal Information we receive with vendors, service providers, and business partners retained in connection with the provision of our Services.
Merchants.
We disclose Personal Information we receive with the relevant Merchant in order to provide our Services.
Analytics Partners.
We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect Personal Information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn more about Google’s practices by visiting
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
.
Advertising Partners.
We advertise our own Services through advertising partners such as LinkedIn, Meta, Microsoft, Shopify, and Google. Some of our advertising partners are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/
) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (
https://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
). You may visit these opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt- out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. You can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the AppChoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt- out of personalized ads in mobile apps. For avoidance of doubt, we currently do not run third party advertisements on our own Services.
Public Authority/Agency and Similar Disclosures.
We may access, preserve, and disclose Personal Information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your Personal Information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the Services.
With Your Consent.
We may disclose your Personal Information to additional parties with your consent.
5.
Our Purposes for Disclosing Personal Information
We may disclose information to the parties listed in Section 4 above for the following purposes:
Operating Services and Providing Related Support
. To provide and operate our Services, communicate with you about your use of the Services, provide troubleshooting and technical support, respond to your inquiries, fulfill your orders and requests, process your payments, communicate with you, and for similar service and support purposes.
Business Transfers
. If we or our affiliates are or may be acquired by, merged with, or invested in by another company, or if any of our assets are or may be transferred to another company, whether as part of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. As part of the business transfer process, we may share certain of your Personal Information with lenders, auditors, and third-party advisors, including attorneys and consultants.
Marketing
. We may disclose your Personal Information to third-party ad networks in order to serve advertisements on our Website, and on third-party sites or other media. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested.
In Response to Legal Process
. We may disclose your Personal Information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect You, Us, and Others.
We disclose your Personal Information when we believe it is appropriate to do so to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
6.
What Types of Personal Information We Disclose
Our vendors will only collect, use and disclose your Personal Information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to you and to us.
We may share Merchant Customers’ names, emails, phone numbers, and shipping and billing address information with the relevant e-commerce platform in order to provide Merchants with our Services, including keeping your contact and account information updated as between Recharge and the relevant e-commerce platform.
We may share credit card and billing address information of a Merchant Customer with payment gateways in order to provide Merchants with our Services.
We may share shipping address information of a Merchant Customer with address validation and fulfillment services to provide Merchants with our Services.
We may share your Personal Information with other vendors if you have asked us to do so or have given your consent.
7.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
For details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our
Website Cookie Policy
.
8.
Your Rights and Choices
How You Can Request to Access, Delete, or Update Your Personal Information
You can request to access, delete, or update your Personal Information with us at any time by emailing us at
privacy@rechargeapps.com
with: (1) first and last name; (2) email address; and (3) phone number.
We will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information we have in our records. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or, where necessary, to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor.
For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the Questions and Contact Information Section below.
For Merchant Customers, please contact the Merchant to request to access, delete, or update your Personal Information.
How You Can Withdraw Consent
You may withdraw your consent and opt out of our collection and use of your Personal Information at any time, free of charge, by contacting us at
privacy@rechargeapps.com
or mailing us at:
Recharge Inc.
1507 20th St.
Santa Monica, CA 90404
For Merchant Customers, please contact the Merchant to withdraw your consent and opt out.
Withdrawing consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
To authorize an agent to withdraw consent on your behalf, please send us an email via the Questions and Contact Information Section. To authorize an agent to make an opt-out request on your behalf, please send a written authorization signed by you and the authorized agent to us via the Questions and Contact Information Section.
Click
here
to manage your cookie settings on our Website.
Do Not Track
There is no accepted standard on how to respond to Do Not Track signals, and our systems do not recognize such signals. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this Policy (e.g., by disabling cookies).
Click
here
to manage your cookie settings on our Website.
EEA and UK Privacy Rights
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) or the United Kingdom (UK), you have the following rights. If you are a Merchant Customer, please contact the relevant Merchant directly for information about how to exercise these rights.
Right to be informed:
You have the right to know what Personal Information we collect about you, how we use it, for what purpose and in accordance with which lawful basis, who we share it with and how long we keep it. We use this Policy to explain this.
Right to Access
(commonly known as a “Subject Access Request”)
:
You have the right to obtain a copy of your Personal Information.
Right to Rectification:
You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request we complete information you believe is incomplete.
Right to be Forgotten:
Under certain conditions, you have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information.
Right to Object to Processing:
You have the right to object to us processing your Personal Information. If you object to us using your Personal Information for marketing purposes, we will stop sending you marketing material.
Right to Restrict Processing:
Under certain conditions, you have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to Data Portability:
Under certain conditions, you have the right to request we transfer the Personal Information that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you.
Right to Withdraw Consent:
If you have provided your consent for us to process your Personal Information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If you do withdraw your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) you originally agreed to, unless we are permitted by law to do so.
Right to Lodge a Complaint:
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority, if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Information.
How to Exercise Your Rights:
You may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details in the Questions and Contact Information Section. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. We may require you to verify your identity before we may respond to you.
Although we urge you to contact us to find a solution for every concern you may have, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident took place.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests:
If any of the rights described in the Sections above apply to you, you may exercise your rights by the means listed in Section 8.1.
California Privacy Rights
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“
CCPA
”), residents of the state of California, USA, have the following rights in addition to the choices described above in this Policy, where applicable. If you are a Subscriber, please contact the relevant Merchant directly for information about how to exercise your privacy rights. This Section does not address or apply to our handling of Personal Information that is exempt under the CCPA.
Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed
: The following describes the categories of Personal Information (as enumerated in the CCPA) that we collect. For more information about these categories, and the business and commercial purposes for which we may collect or disclose such Personal Information, please review the sections above.
Identifiers. We collect identifiers such as your name, address, email, IP address, and other online identifiers from you automatically when you visit our Website and from relevant Merchants.  For information about our purpose for processing identifiers, please refer to Section 2. We may disclose this information to our vendors, relevant Merchants, analytics and advertising partners, and affiliates, as described above in Sections 4 and 5 above. We do not sell Personal Information, as this term is defined under the CCPA.Commercial information. We collect information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories directly from you and from relevant Merchants. For information about our purpose for processing identifiers, please refer to Section 2. We may disclose this information to our vendors, relevant Merchants, affiliates, and advertising and analytics partners, as further described in Sections 4 and 5 above. We do not sell Personal Information, as this term is defined under the CCPA.Financial information. We collect the last 4 digits of Merchant Customer credit cards and Paypal (or equivalent service) information, as relevant, directly from you. For information about our purpose for processing identifiers, please refer to Section 2. We do not disclose this information. Further, we do not sell Personal Information, as this term is defined under the CCPA.Internet or other electronic network activity information. We collect information automatically from you when you visit our website, such as browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding interactions with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including other usage data related to your use of any of our Services or other online services.   For information about our purpose for processing identifiers, please refer to Section 2. We may disclose this information with our vendors, analytics and advertising partners, and affiliates, as further described in Sections 4 and 5 above. We do not sell Personal Information, as this term is defined under the CCPA.
Right to Know:
With respect to the Personal Information we have collected about you in the past 12 months, you have the right to request from us (up to twice per year and subject to certain exemptions):
Categories of Personal Information about you we have collected.The sources from which we have collected that Personal Information.Our business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing that Personal Information.The categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed that Personal Information.
Right to Access:
You also may have the right to receive a copy of the specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected.
Right to Delete:
Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, you may have the right to request deletion of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Right to Correct: You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information. If you need to update your Personal Information with us, you may do so at any time by using the methods described in Section 8.1 above.
Right to Opt-Out of Sale:
California residents may have the right to opt-out of “sales” or “sharing” of their Personal Information under the CCPA. The CCPA broadly defines a “sale” as disclosing or making available to a third-party Personal Information in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” broadly includes disclosing or making available Personal Information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. Under these definitions, we do not sell any Personal Information and we do not share any Personal Information accessed or collected in or through our product or services. We do collect ad targeting cookie data on our Website and share it with advertising partners.  This may be considered “sharing” as broadly defined by the CCPA.  Click
here
to manage your cookie settings on our Website. ​​For details about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, please see our
Website Cookie Policy
.
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure:
Subject to certain conditions and exceptions, you may have the right to limit the use and disclosure of “Sensitive Personal Information,” as defined under the CPRA. However, we do not engage in activities triggering this right.
“Shine the Light” Disclosure:
We do not disclose Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Right to Non-Discrimination:
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the rights described in this Section.
Authorized Agent:
You may designate someone as an authorized agent to submit requests and act on your behalf. To do so, you must provide us with written permission to allow the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
Submitting Privacy Rights Requests:
Please note if you are a Merchant Customer, you must contact the relevant Merchant directly about your privacy rights.  You may exercise your rights by the means listed in Section 8.1 or by filling out this
CCPA Request Form
and mailing it to us at 1507 20
th
St., Santa Monica, CA 90404. We will take steps to verify your request by matching the information provided by you with the information in our records. You must provide the following information with your request: (1) first and last name, (2) email address, and (3) phone number for verification. In some cases, we may request additional information in order to verify your request or, where necessary, to process your request. If we are unable to adequately verify a request, we will notify the requestor.
9.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Information
If you are located in the EEA or UK, we only process your Personal Information when we have a valid “legal basis” such as:
Consent.
You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, including, for example, to send you marketing communications or to use cookies and similar technologies.
Contractual Necessity.
We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including, for example, to respond to your inquiries.
Compliance with a Legal Obligation.
We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information, including, for example, to comply with tax and accounting obligations.
Legitimate Interests.
We or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services. We only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your Personal Information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
10.
International Data Transfers
The Services are hosted in the United States and are intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing, which may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
If you are based in the EEA or UK, your Personal Information may also be held, processed and accessed outside the EEA or UK to countries that have not been determined by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of data protection, for instance the United States. In any such transfer, we will put in place appropriate data protection safeguards (e.g., European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses). Also, we or our third-party service providers may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with the storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services.  For additional information on the transfers, please contact us using the Questions and Contact Information Section below.
11.
Security
We have implemented precautions designed to protect the Personal Information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security.
You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
12.
Data Retention
We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a de-identified form when your Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the specific retention period, we consider various factors, such as the type of Services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and any mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations. If we de-identify any Personal Information, we will not attempt to reidentify it.
13.
Children’s Privacy
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence, and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to children under 13. If you learn that a child has provided us with Personal Information in violation of this Policy, you may notify us at
privacy@rechargeapps.com
.
14.
External Links
When you use our Website and Services, you may find links to other websites we don’t own or control. We are not responsible for the content or any other aspect of these third-party sites, including their collection of your Personal Information. You should review their terms and conditions and privacy policies before proceeding to that site.
15.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any adjustments to this Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted.
16.
Questions and Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights outlined above, please email us at
privacy@rechargeapps.com
or by mail at:
Recharge Inc.
1507 20th St.
Santa Monica, CA 90404
For UK/EEA-based Merchants you can reach out to our Data Protection Officer at
privacy@rechargeapps.com
.
Sign up for Recharge
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Store URL
*
I'm interested in migrating my existing subscribers.
I am an agency referring a client/I was referred to Recharge by an Agency.
What’s your projected revenue over the next 12 months?
*
Please Select
$0 - $100K
$100K - $500K
$500K - $5M
$5M - $20M
$20M+
What vertical do you sell in?
*
Please Select
Beauty & Personal Care
Fashion & Apparel
Food & Beverages
Health & Wellness
Home & Pets
Other
UTM Medium
UTM Source
UTM Term
utm_campaign
utm_content
GA Client ID
GCLID
Mutiny audience segment
Mutiny experience
Mutiny impression type
ps_partner_key
ps_xid
Buying Role
Close modal form
Recharge utilizes cookies to enable functionality on our site and improve the experience. By clicking “Accept all cookies” or continuing to browse this website, you agree to our
Terms of Service
and our
Cookie Policy
, including your agreement to store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookies settings
Accept all cookies
Cookie preference center
Recharge does not use cookies for any purpose other than the ones outlined in our cookie policy. By accepting all cookies, you agree that cookies may be placed on your computer or internet-enabled device. Please note that our cookie policy only applies to visitors of the Recharge homepage and does not apply to the dashboard for merchants.
Read cookie policy
Allow all
Manage consent preferences
Always active
These cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of our services (e.g., they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Functionality/performance
These cookies help us understand how our services are performing and being used.  These cookies may work with web beacons included in emails we send to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.
Ad targeting
These cookies are used by advertising companies or marketing tools to collect information about how you use our Website over time.  These companies use this information to show you ads they believe will be relevant to you within our services and elsewhere, to measure how the ads perform, and to enable session-specific features.
Internal marketing
These cookies are collected on our Website by third-party companies for the sole purpose of providing marketing insights and services to us internally.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 8
https://smile.io/privacy-policy:
Smile uses cookies to analyze traffic and serve you a personalized browsing experience.
See details
Accept and Close
Smile is now Built for Shopify
The highest quality certification Shopify offers
Learn more
→
Dismiss
Privacy Policy for Smile
Update Effective as of: March 16, 2022
Smile has published this Privacy Policy (or privacy notice) to tell you about how we collect, use, disclose and store personal information. We think transparency is important, but providing that transparency requires us to make this notice longer than we would like. That is why we have set out the highlights at the top. We have made the full notice as user-friendly as we could, but we would also welcome your questions and comments (see
Contact Us
).
Highlights of this Notice
Customers of Our Merchants
– We may obtain your personal information when we provide services to merchants, including merchants that use our services to operate loyalty programs. We process this personal information on our merchants’ behalf and recommend you review your merchant’s privacy policy and contact them with any complaints, questions or requests. We also obtain and control personal information about customers when they use our services directly, such as when they create or use the Smile wallet.
Merchants and Their Users
– Most information we collected about merchants is business information, not personal information. We use any personal information collected to support and better understand our merchants and provide and improve our services.
Website / Support Service Users
– We collect personal information you provide directly, such as your contact information, and information collected through cookies and similar tools. We use this to provide the website, support and better understand our users and provide and improve our services.
Employees / Contractors / Applicants
– If you apply for a job with Smile, we use your personal information to consider hiring you. If we hire you, we will use your personal information in connection with your employment. A separate privacy notice may apply to employees.
Application of This Notice
What this notice covers
This notice applies to all personal information that we collect, use, disclose and store when you apply for a job with Smile or access our services. Our services include the Smile wallet, which allows you to view your reward points across multiple merchants. When you create a Smile wallet, the information you provide to Smile will be subject to this notice, including any reward points information that Smile obtains from merchants in connection with your wallet. “Smile” includes Smile Inc. and any related companies anywhere in the world.
What this notice does not cover
Merchants
: As mentioned above, we process personal information for others, including merchants. Please direct any complaints, questions or requests related to your personal information directly to those merchants. In the event you are not satisfied with how they respond, you may contact us directly, but we cannot guarantee we will be able to address it. If you do not create a Smile wallet, Smile does not control your reward point information. If you create a Smile wallet, each of Smile and the applicable merchant will control a copy of your reward points and each will know if your reward point totals change, such as when you earn new points or spend points.
Non-Personal Information
: Information about your business, including your business contact information, is not typically personal information. Anonymized information is also not considered personal information for the purposes of this notice. We may anonymize any personal information in our custody, in which case it will cease to be personal information.
In some situations, we may rely on exemptions or other permitted conduct under applicable laws, including to collect, use, disclose or store personal information for purposes not described in this notice. We provide services to merchants in many jurisdictions and privacy practices may be adopted to address the specific privacy requirements of particular jurisdictions. If you are unsure if or how this notice applies to you,
contact us
.
Changes to this Notice
Please note that we may update this notice from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices by providing you with notice of the changes. Notice includes but is not restricted to posting a link to the new notice, posting a new notice at smile.io/privacy-policy, or sending you a link to the new notice via contact information you have provided to us. Such changes will be effective with respect to your use of Smile’s services after Smile has given notice of the changes. Please review this notice periodically to see whether it has been updated. Any use of Smile’s services by you after we provide notice constitutes your acceptance of those changes.
Processing of Personal Information
Much of the personal information we process is necessary to provide our services and meet our contractual obligations. In most other situations, we rely on our legitimate interest (which, in some countries, would be “implied consent” or a legal exception to the consent requirement, such as where the processing is to prevent fraud). The specific purposes for which we process personal information include to:
communicate with you
track and process your purchases and report back to you as appropriate
administer, manage, test and improve our services
better understand the services, such as through reporting and analytics
deliver content and information to third parties including other merchants and their customers
market and advertise our services
fulfil any other purpose that would be reasonably apparent to the average person at the time of collection
While not stated as a purpose below, we may also use any personal information:
For security purposes, including to detect, prevent and investigate potential fraud
Where required or permitted by law
We may also request express consent to process your personal information in some circumstances, such as when you sign up as a merchant or a user for a merchant or when you visit our website and we use cookies or when you create a Smile wallet. We may also de-personalize information, such as through anonymization or aggregation. We may use and disclose such information for any purpose, as it will no longer identify you or any other person.
Category of Information Collected
Examples of Information Collected
Purposes
Customers of Our Merchants
Communications
Emails and other communications you send us, such as if you ask us a question about a merchant or raise a concern about a merchant
Communicate with you; administer, manage, test and improve our services; as noted above, most information we collected about customers of our merchants is done on behalf of merchants. We suggest you review your merchant’s privacy policy and contact them with any questions or concerns.
Preferences
The type of stores you shop at, your budgets, what your favourite store is and similar preferences
Promote our services and our merchants to you based on your preferences
Contact Information
Name, email address, mailing address, city, etc.
Promote our services and our merchants to you; communicate with you
Transaction Information
Purchase orders and other reward point earning events provided by you or a merchant
Providing our services to merchants, including managing loyalty program; provide services to you, including displaying your reward points to you
Merchants and Their Users
User Account Information
Name, contact information, account usage details, passwords
All purposes set out above.
Communications
Emails and other communications you send us, including whether your click on links or open emails
Communicate with you; administer, manage, test and improve our services; market and advertise our services
Usage Information
When users log in, how long they log in, what they do in their account
See
Tracking Technologies
(Cookies, Web Beacons, location, browser type, IP address, etc.).
Website / Support Service Users
Communications
Emails and other communications you send us, including whether you click on links or open emails, and including contact information used for communications
Communicate with you; administer, manage, test and improve our services; market and advertise our services
Usage Information
When you access the website, what device you use, where you are located (based on IP address), and which pages you visit and for how long
Administer, manage, test and improve our services; market and advertise our services
Employees / Contractors / Applicants
Communications
Emails and other communications you send us, including whether you click on links or open emails, and including contact information used for communications
Communicate with you
Application information
Your job application, resume, information provided by your references and our evaluation of you
Consider your application; in relation to your employment or engagement with us (if hired)
Payment Information
We use a third party payment provider to process payments. We do not collect personal information related to credits cards or other payment information. The payment provider will collect, use and disclose that information in accordance with its own privacy policy.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell your personal information to third parties (as "sell" is defined in California law). A "sale" would not include a situation where someone is buying all or part of our business (as is explained further below).
We share your personal information with our employees, contractors, consultants and other parties such as affiliates and third party companies that assist us in providing our services, including marketers, customer support and hosting services. Below is a non-exhaustive list of the third parties that may have access to personal information under our control.
Service Provider
Purpose
Marketers
Provide you with news and marketing, including customizing our advertisements
Customer Support
Track your service issues and improve our services; provide answers and solutions to your queries and concerns
Hosting and Similar Service Providers
Help us provide our services
E-commerce Platforms and Merchants
Help us provide our services
Analytics
Tracking your use of our services in order to improve our services
The following table outlines recipients to whom we may disclose your personal information, as well as the purpose of such disclosure. When we disclose your personal information, we cease to control it, and the recipient’s policies and procedures will apply. Where required by law, we will obtain your consent before disclosure.
Recipient
Purpose
Merchants
We may provide analytics data and information about your use of Smile’s services to relevant merchants.
Third Parties Acquiring or Proposing to Acquire Smile
Where third parties acquire or propose to acquire all or a substantial part of our operations or any of our affiliates or subsidiaries, including by merger or acquisition, amalgamation, corporate reorganization or restructuring or a sale of assets, including as part of the related due diligence
Law Enforcement / Legal Proceedings
Where we believe release is appropriate to comply with applicable laws or regulations, enforce our policies, or protect our or others' rights, property or for safety
Will My Personal information Leave the Country?
We may disclose personal information to third parties both in and outside of your country, and as result, your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed or stored in another country, including Canada and in the United States of America. Laws relating to privacy vary between countries, and your personal information may be processed in a country with less stringent than the laws in your country. Personal information may be accessible to governments, courts, or law enforcement, national security authorities or and regulatory agencies of these countries in accordance with applicable laws.
Tracking Technologies (Cookies, Web Beacons, etc.)
Cookies
– Our website uses session cookies, which are deleted when you exit your browser, for the functioning of our website. We also use stored cookies, which stay on your computer, to analyses your use of the website and remember your preferences. You can read about cookies at
allaboutcookies.org
.
IP
– Our website also obtains your IP address and browser type, which we keep for 24 months.
Web beacons
– We use web beacons in our emails to know when you read / opened the email and when you clicked on the link.
"
Do Not Track
(DNT) Signals" – Although we would like to honor browsers set with DNT signals, at this time, our website do not respond to DNT signals or other mechanisms that might enable users to opt out of IP address tracking. For more information about DNT signals, please visit
allaboutdnt.com
.
Exercising Your Rights to Your Information
Depending on where you are located and subject to applicable laws, you may have the right to request to access, correct or erase your personal information, object to our processing of your personal information, requests restriction of your personal information in our control or withdraw or change your consent to how we process your personal information, by contacting our Privacy Officer (
Contact Us
). Keep in mind that merchants control much of the personal information processed by Smile, so you may need to direct your request to the merchant with whom you have a relationship.
As a security measure, our Privacy Officer may request specific information from you in order to verify your identity prior to granting any requests. If we cannot respond to your request promptly or have to refuse the request, we will advise you of the reasons, subject to any legal restrictions. If you disagree with our determination, you may complain to us and we will reconsider. If you are not satisfied with our ultimate determination, you may contact your local data protection authority or privacy commissioner. In addition, the personal information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices.
If you want to designate someone to exercise your rights on your behalf, please send your designation request using the email associated with your account, if you have one, or that you have otherwise provided to Smile. We are not otherwise able to verify your identity.
Where permitted by law, we may refuse or charge a fee for repeat, abusive or inappropriate requests.
Retaining Your Personal Information
We only store personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the personal information was collected, to conduct our business operations and maintain an appropriate historical record of our relationship with you, or in order to comply with applicable laws, whichever is longer, after which time the personal information is destroyed or erased. We may, instead of destroying or erasing your personal information, make it anonymous such that it cannot be associated with, or tracked back to, you.
Securing Your Personal Information
We take steps to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of your personal information. These safeguards are intended to prevent your personal information from loss and unauthorized access, copying, use, modification or disclosure. However, the internet is not a secure environment and no computer system is perfectly secure. As such, we cannot guarantee the security of personal information provided to us through electronic means: there is always a risk that your personal information may be accessed or used without authorization.
Other Questions
Will We Use Your Personal Information to Contact You?
Smile and its marketing partners and sponsors may use your personal information to send you emails periodically listing promotions or events relating to Smile’s services. You may opt-out of receiving such promotional emails by sending an email to
help@smile.io
or following the instructions in such correspondence. Once Smile has processed your opt-out request, we will no longer send you promotional emails unless you opt back in to receiving such communications. Smile does not control mailing lists maintained by merchants.
What Personal information Do We Collect from Children?
We only collect, use, disclose and store personal information of children under the age of 13 with the consent of a parent or guardian. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us with personal information without the consent of a parent or guardian, we request that you
Contact Us
immediately.
What Personal information Do We Collect from Third Parties?
We may collect personal information about you from a third party. In such cases, the third party providing that personal information to us is responsible for obtaining your consent or another lawful basis for such disclosure.
For example, if you provide your personal information to another Smile user, such as a merchant, as part of accessing and using Smile's services, that personal information may be collected by us, or other third parties, as we and others are the service provider of such users. The collection, use, disclosure and storage of such information will be subject to the privacy policies of such other Smile users. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of those Smile users prior to providing any personal information.
Do We Collect Personal Information About Third Parties from You?
You may have the opportunity to communicate with others that use Smile’s services, such as by sending an invitation to a third party. If you choose to take advantage of this functionality, we may ask you to provide us with certain information about the person with whom you wish to communicate, such as their name and email address. By providing us with this information, you confirm that you have obtained their consent to collect, use and disclose their personal information in this manner.
We collect such information for the purposes of facilitating the requested communication, which may contain a specific promotional message from you. Unless we explicitly say otherwise, we will not use this personal information for other marketing purposes without first obtaining consent from the subject of the personal information. Please be aware that when you use any invitation functionality on the services, your email address, name or username and message may be included in the communication sent to you.
What Personal information Do Third Parties Collect from Us?
As a convenience to you, Smile’s services may contain links to third party websites, applications or services, or integrate with other third party platforms that collect personal information from you. Such third party services may include payment processors that collect personal information in order to facilitate your purchase of certain services. While we try to link only to third party services that share our commitment to protecting your privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third party services. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of those third party services prior to use.
What is Required of Merchants?
Our
Terms of Use
require that merchants comply with all applicable laws, including privacy laws, including by obtaining consent to process your personal information where required by applicable laws. If you believe a merchant is violating applicable laws or regulations, we invite you to please
Contact Us
.
Contact Us
If you wish to make a complaint about how we have handled you personal information or you believe that we have breached this notice or applicable laws, you may file a complaint with our Privacy Officer using the details below:
Privacy Officer
Address
PO Box 33042 Ira Needles
Waterloo, ON, N2T 2M9 Canada
Email
privacy@smile.io
Any other questions regarding this notice or any other privacy-related concerns, such as requests to withdraw consent, access our records of personal information or to change or erase personal information can also be addressed to our Privacy Officer.
What if I have a Complaint about a Merchant?
If you have a question, comment or complaint about a merchant, please contact the merchant directly. If the merchant is not responsive, you may direct your question, comment or complaint to us, but we cannot guarantee we will be able to address it.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.attentivemobile.com/privacy/:
Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies and other tracking technologies on our website to deliver relevant advertising, perform site analytics, and provide the best possible experience. For more information about the cookies we use, how you can contact us and how we process personal data, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
8
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent [x8]
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Dropbox
1
Learn more about this provider
uc_session
Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox.
Google
3
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
ar_debug
Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present.
SESS#
Preserves users states across page requests.
Hubspot
2
Learn more about this provider
embed/v3/counters.gif [x2]
Used to implement forms on the website.
LinkedIn
1
Learn more about this provider
li_gc
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
RudderStack
5
Learn more about this provider
#.#-#-#-#-#.ack
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.queue
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
#.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart
Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage.
Typeform
2
Learn more about this provider
AWSALBTG
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
AWSALBTGCORS
Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience.
capterra.com
cdn.webflow.com
hsforms.com
zoominfo.com
5
_cfuvid [x5]
This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators.
capterra.com
digitaloceanspaces.com
g2.com
g2crowd.com
hsadspixel.net
hs-banner.com
hubspotusercontent-na1.net
js.ubembed.com
t.co
ws.zoominfo.com
18
__cf_bm [x18]
This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website.
cdn.jetboost.io
2
jetboost-site-config
Technical cookie. Used to implement third-party widgets onto the website.
jetboost-site-config-origin
Holds which URL should be presented to the visitor when visiting the site.
ws.zoominfo.com
1
visitorId
Preserves users states across page requests.
www.attentive.com
1
wf_auth_page
This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Cookiebot
7
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x7]
Enables cookie consent across multiple websites
Dropbox
2
Learn more about this provider
locale
The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language.
gvc
Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox.
Typeform
1
Learn more about this provider
tf_random_id
Used to implement forms on the website.
www.attentive.com
1
wistia-video-progress-#
Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Adobe Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
p.gif
Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data.
Dropbox
3
Learn more about this provider
t
Stores data on which websites the user has visited.
__Host-# [x2]
Pending
G2Crowd
1
Learn more about this provider
g2tracking
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
Google
8
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_ga_#
Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit.
_gaclientid
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_gahitid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gasessionid
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
Hotjar
8
Learn more about this provider
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice.
_hjFirstSeen
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.
_hjIncludedInSessionSample_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
hjActiveViewportIds
This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience.
hjViewportId
Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website.
Hubspot
4
Learn more about this provider
__hssc
Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser.
__hssrc
Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website.
__hstc
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
hubspotutk
Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes.
LinkedIn
2
Learn more about this provider
ln_or
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
AnalyticsSyncHistory
Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service.
Microsoft
2
Learn more about this provider
_clsk [x2]
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
RudderStack
5
Learn more about this provider
rl_anonymous_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_group_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_trait
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
rl_user_id
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
Twitter Inc.
1
Learn more about this provider
personalization_id
This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile.
Typeform
1
Learn more about this provider
tracking_session_id
Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started.
assets.ubembed.com
2
ub-emb-id [x2]
Enables the website to make variations of their landing-page. This is used to minimize bounce-rates, which means that fewer users leave the page immediately.
form.typeform.com
www.cvent-assets.com
2
dd_cookie_test_# [x2]
Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization.
js.qualified.com
1
__q_domainTest
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
ws.zoominfo.com
3
ziwsSessionId [x2]
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
ziwsSession
Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
www.attentive.com
1
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
www.cvent-assets.com
1
_dd_s
Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
3
Learn more about this provider
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
Appnexus
1
Learn more about this provider
receive-cookie-deprecation
Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.
Chilipiper
1
Learn more about this provider
CHILI_PIPER_CLUSTER
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
Clearbit
1
Learn more about this provider
rack.session
Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user.
Google
7
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_au
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/landing [x2]
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.
NID
Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads.
pagead/1p-conversion/#/
Pending
Hubspot
2
Learn more about this provider
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
__ptq.gif
Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
LinkedIn
5
Learn more about this provider
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
bscookie
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
li_sugr
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
UserMatchHistory
Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor.
Microsoft
8
Learn more about this provider
_uetsid
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetsid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
_uetvid
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
_uetvid_exp
Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name.
MSPTC
This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance.
MUID
Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains.
RudderStack
3
Learn more about this provider
__tld__
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
rudder_cookies
Pending
test_rudder
Pending
Twitter Inc.
4
Learn more about this provider
i/adsct [x2]
The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content.
muc_ads
Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant.
i/jot/embeds
Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers.
Typeform
3
Learn more about this provider
#-visitorId
Pending
attribution_user_id
Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes.
tf_respondent_cc
Used to implement forms on the website.
YouTube
22
Learn more about this provider
#-#
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
__Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN
Pending
iU5q-!O9@$
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
nextId
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
remote_sid
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
requests
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog
Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website.
TESTCOOKIESENABLED
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.
YSC
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
yt.innertube::nextId
Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.
ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
YtIdbMeta#databases
Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content.
yt-remote-cast-available
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-cast-installed
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-connected-devices
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-device-id
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-fast-check-period
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-app
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
yt-remote-session-name
Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video
attentive.com
3
utm_campaign
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_medium
Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products.
utm_source
Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing.
b.6sc.co
2
6suuid
Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting.
v1/beacon/img.gif
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
cdn.attn.tv
14
__attentive_cco [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_dv [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_id [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_pv [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
__attentive_ss_referrer [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
_attn_ [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
_attn_ [x2]
Used for reporting and optimization of marketing text messages.
cdn.pdst.fm
4
__pdst [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
__pdst [x2]
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
j.6sc.co
6
_gd_session [x2]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_gd_visitor [x2]
Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
_6senseCompanyDetails
Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes.
_an_uid
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
www.cvent-assets.com
2
dd_site_test_#-#-#-#-# [x2]
Pending
www.googletagmanager.com
www.attentive.com
2
ruid [x2]
Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Unclassified
793
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Capterra
1
Learn more about this provider
capterra_tracker.gif
Pending
Cvent
2
Learn more about this provider
eventguestside-service-session
Pending
registration-1b5434b3-e3c2-448b-9ded-fa744a6baf47
Pending
Google
1
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
_gcl_ls
Pending
attentive.com
cdn.attn.tv
10
__attentive_ceid [x2]
Pending
__attentive_domain [x2]
Pending
__attentive_session_id [x2]
Pending
__attentive_utm_param_campaign [x2]
Pending
__attentive_utm_param_medium [x2]
Pending
cdn.jetboost.io
1
jetboost-uuid
Pending
cdn.jsdelivr.net
1
5f8dd331b45e61acc8ac985c#pages
Pending
cdn.pdst.fm
753
alias_id
Pending
partner_user_id
Pending
spdt-1740620270.926-835
Pending
spdt-1740620270.943-739
Pending
spdt-1740620272.444-400
Pending
spdt-1740620272.483-290
Pending
spdt-1740620275.304-433
Pending
spdt-1740620275.603-664
Pending
spdt-1740620281.974-130
Pending
spdt-1740620286.397-413
Pending
spdt-1740620288.692-499
Pending
spdt-1740620292.749-311
Pending
spdt-1740620293.59-822
Pending
spdt-1740620296.011-903
Pending
spdt-1740620300.236-301
Pending
spdt-1740620301.104-417
Pending
spdt-1740620305.539-552
Pending
spdt-1740620308.116-832
Pending
spdt-1740620311.918-644
Pending
spdt-1740620312.568-425
Pending
spdt-1740620318.193-94
Pending
spdt-1740620318.452-743
Pending
spdt-1740620321.335-61
Pending
spdt-1740620325.111-713
Pending
spdt-1740620328.813-136
Pending
spdt-1740620330.809-658
Pending
spdt-1740620330.813-714
Pending
spdt-1740620334.124-373
Pending
spdt-1740620335.327-234
Pending
spdt-1740620335.952-444
Pending
spdt-1740620339.697-153
Pending
spdt-1740620339.999-181
Pending
spdt-1740620341.035-463
Pending
spdt-1740620346.208-220
Pending
spdt-1740620346.708-521
Pending
spdt-1740620348.182-692
Pending
spdt-1740620350.738-530
Pending
spdt-1740620351.163-414
Pending
spdt-1740620353.336-14
Pending
spdt-1740620356.587-549
Pending
spdt-1740620359.414-760
Pending
spdt-1740620360.977-736
Pending
spdt-1740620363.299-470
Pending
spdt-1740620364.955-128
Pending
spdt-1740620366.208-335
Pending
spdt-1740620372.384-885
Pending
spdt-1740620376.496-336
Pending
spdt-1740620378.42-652
Pending
spdt-1740620382.177-326
Pending
spdt-1740620383.5-613
Pending
spdt-1740620388.197-405
Pending
spdt-1740620389.678-333
Pending
spdt-1740620392.798-578
Pending
spdt-1740620397.467-215
Pending
spdt-1740620401.21-760
Pending
spdt-1740620403.55-163
Pending
spdt-1740620404.537-378
Pending
spdt-1740620406.793-146
Pending
spdt-1740620408.476-139
Pending
spdt-1740620412.841-586
Pending
spdt-1740620414.637-709
Pending
spdt-1740620415.987-353
Pending
spdt-1740620418.423-589
Pending
spdt-1740620423.409-890
Pending
spdt-1740620426.816-765
Pending
spdt-1740620428.327-772
Pending
spdt-1740620435.917-181
Pending
spdt-1740620447.964-907
Pending
spdt-1740620451.671-346
Pending
spdt-1740620453.79-880
Pending
spdt-1740620456.659-753
Pending
spdt-1740620459.103-246
Pending
spdt-1740620463.352-316
Pending
spdt-1740620464.341-66
Pending
spdt-1740620469.777-680
Pending
spdt-1740620471.608-56
Pending
spdt-1740620474.451-350
Pending
spdt-1740620476.336-897
Pending
spdt-1740620494.949-223
Pending
spdt-1740620502.666-92
Pending
spdt-1740620504.138-653
Pending
spdt-1740620509.872-567
Pending
spdt-1740620510.524-242
Pending
spdt-1740620510.57-781
Pending
spdt-1740620516.166-472
Pending
spdt-1740620516.428-854
Pending
spdt-1740620522.351-79
Pending
spdt-1740620525.714-160
Pending
spdt-1740620527.217-104
Pending
spdt-1740620527.956-845
Pending
spdt-1740620532.31-509
Pending
spdt-1740620533.547-961
Pending
spdt-1740620533.758-46
Pending
spdt-1740620540.894-76
Pending
spdt-1740620542.103-348
Pending
spdt-1740620542.601-654
Pending
spdt-1740620550.923-856
Pending
spdt-1740620553.293-988
Pending
spdt-1740620555.803-790
Pending
spdt-1740620560.718-387
Pending
spdt-1740620560.939-425
Pending
spdt-1740620565.885-107
Pending
spdt-1740620566.803-37
Pending
spdt-1740620569.824-200
Pending
spdt-1740620575.001-121
Pending
spdt-1740620576.259-722
Pending
spdt-1740620579.884-301
Pending
spdt-1740620581.506-472
Pending
spdt-1740620583.017-510
Pending
spdt-1740620584.783-504
Pending
spdt-1740620589.122-925
Pending
spdt-1740620590.312-944
Pending
spdt-1740620595.809-731
Pending
spdt-1740620596.681-434
Pending
spdt-1740620599.296-234
Pending
spdt-1740620604.382-892
Pending
spdt-1740620607.662-711
Pending
spdt-1740620610.261-237
Pending
spdt-1740620612.663-374
Pending
spdt-1740620617.963-790
Pending
spdt-1740620623.109-241
Pending
spdt-1740620623.537-575
Pending
spdt-1740620623.728-544
Pending
spdt-1740620627.352-5
Pending
spdt-1740620629.454-861
Pending
spdt-1740620629.991-162
Pending
spdt-1740620631.229-290
Pending
spdt-1740620635.854-661
Pending
spdt-1740620636.363-840
Pending
spdt-1740620636.867-73
Pending
spdt-1740620641.733-792
Pending
spdt-1740620647.251-297
Pending
spdt-1740620649.605-704
Pending
spdt-1740620651.141-567
Pending
spdt-1740620651.237-180
Pending
spdt-1740620657.079-135
Pending
spdt-1740620657.29-946
Pending
spdt-1740620663.767-409
Pending
spdt-1740620668.667-162
Pending
spdt-1740620670.135-673
Pending
spdt-1740620671.112-316
Pending
spdt-1740620674.581-320
Pending
spdt-1740620676.381-892
Pending
spdt-1740620679.283-80
Pending
spdt-1740620681.217-277
Pending
spdt-1740620682.59-771
Pending
spdt-1740620684.457-795
Pending
spdt-1740620689.295-490
Pending
spdt-1740620689.531-247
Pending
spdt-1740620690.291-515
Pending
spdt-1740620698.301-228
Pending
spdt-1740620699.754-589
Pending
spdt-1740620701.427-13
Pending
spdt-1740620705.578-76
Pending
spdt-1740620706.603-679
Pending
spdt-1740620711.67-516
Pending
spdt-1740620712.47-587
Pending
spdt-1740620713.843-250
Pending
spdt-1740620721-638
Pending
spdt-1740620724.143-139
Pending
spdt-1740620729.744-763
Pending
spdt-1740620731.227-650
Pending
spdt-1740620731.327-715
Pending
spdt-1740620732.959-199
Pending
spdt-1740620735.277-685
Pending
spdt-1740620737.073-334
Pending
spdt-1740620739.054-772
Pending
spdt-1740620740.783-24
Pending
spdt-1740620750.422-769
Pending
spdt-1740620751.07-909
Pending
spdt-1740620751.963-227
Pending
spdt-1740620756.718-624
Pending
spdt-1740620757.514-933
Pending
spdt-1740620759.17-947
Pending
spdt-1740620765.812-832
Pending
spdt-1740620766.001-22
Pending
spdt-1740620766.494-180
Pending
spdt-1740620773.286-243
Pending
spdt-1740620773.366-225
Pending
spdt-1740620778.572-211
Pending
spdt-1740620779.342-122
Pending
spdt-1740620783.935-397
Pending
spdt-1740620789.843-707
Pending
spdt-1740620791.285-998
Pending
spdt-1740620797.754-920
Pending
spdt-1740620803.392-102
Pending
spdt-1740620810.8-932
Pending
spdt-1740620815.671-599
Pending
spdt-1740620822.01-298
Pending
spdt-1740620824.926-323
Pending
spdt-1740620827.899-988
Pending
spdt-1740620832.706-842
Pending
spdt-1740620837.241-155
Pending
spdt-1740620840.455-99
Pending
spdt-1740620845.18-830
Pending
spdt-1740620850.942-697
Pending
spdt-1740620854.356-955
Pending
spdt-1740620862.196-988
Pending
spdt-1740620862.992-301
Pending
spdt-1740620866.735-111
Pending
spdt-1740620870.92-794
Pending
spdt-1740620874.878-204
Pending
spdt-1740620878.427-761
Pending
spdt-1740620880.461-695
Pending
spdt-1740620884.934-890
Pending
spdt-1740620885.348-50
Pending
spdt-1740620888.775-566
Pending
spdt-1740620888.786-877
Pending
spdt-1740620891.814-816
Pending
spdt-1740620893.387-803
Pending
spdt-1740620896.909-143
Pending
spdt-1740620898.395-71
Pending
spdt-1740620904.062-419
Pending
spdt-1740620906.598-373
Pending
spdt-1740620911.404-780
Pending
spdt-1740620912.462-242
Pending
spdt-1740620913.129-40
Pending
spdt-1740620914.275-403
Pending
spdt-1740620916.323-547
Pending
spdt-1740620919.625-64
Pending
spdt-1740620920.204-604
Pending
spdt-1740620920.655-453
Pending
spdt-1740620921.113-183
Pending
spdt-1740620925.754-614
Pending
spdt-1740620928.074-801
Pending
spdt-1740620930.514-823
Pending
spdt-1740620935.315-167
Pending
spdt-1740620941.849-534
Pending
spdt-1740620942.598-8
Pending
spdt-1740620946.015-378
Pending
spdt-1740620953.658-224
Pending
spdt-1740620953.722-510
Pending
spdt-1740620955.061-629
Pending
spdt-1740620961.853-992
Pending
spdt-1740620962.337-81
Pending
spdt-1740620965.731-943
Pending
spdt-1740620967.871-765
Pending
spdt-1740620968.348-972
Pending
spdt-1740620971.832-36
Pending
spdt-1740620974.614-518
Pending
spdt-1740620980.347-631
Pending
spdt-1740620980.611-902
Pending
spdt-1740620985.167-293
Pending
spdt-1740620987.032-185
Pending
spdt-1740620992.031-597
Pending
spdt-1740620993.354-882
Pending
spdt-1740620995.08-209
Pending
spdt-1740620998.43-648
Pending
spdt-1740621002.052-996
Pending
spdt-1740621003.541-314
Pending
spdt-1740621006.433-834
Pending
spdt-1740621007.091-402
Pending
spdt-1740621008.938-229
Pending
spdt-1740621011.559-267
Pending
spdt-1740621011.645-921
Pending
spdt-1740621014.154-600
Pending
spdt-1740621016.049-753
Pending
spdt-1740621016.853-457
Pending
spdt-1740621020.371-466
Pending
spdt-1740621024.776-364
Pending
spdt-1740621025.471-865
Pending
spdt-1740621029.529-315
Pending
spdt-1740621031.362-909
Pending
spdt-1740621031.975-10
Pending
spdt-1740621033.951-274
Pending
spdt-1740621034.594-737
Pending
spdt-1740621036.43-375
Pending
spdt-1740621038.692-118
Pending
spdt-1740621039.57-562
Pending
spdt-1740621043.187-922
Pending
spdt-1740621045.251-783
Pending
spdt-1740621045.512-13
Pending
spdt-1740621047.047-693
Pending
spdt-1740621048.559-810
Pending
spdt-1740621051.849-41
Pending
spdt-1740621053.295-567
Pending
spdt-1740621054.089-728
Pending
spdt-1740621055.409-323
Pending
spdt-1740621056.576-161
Pending
spdt-1740621058.869-813
Pending
spdt-1740621061.488-415
Pending
spdt-1740621062.395-414
Pending
spdt-1740621066.861-840
Pending
spdt-1740621071.663-27
Pending
spdt-1740621072.578-884
Pending
spdt-1740621073.523-320
Pending
spdt-1740621075.07-267
Pending
spdt-1740621078.708-470
Pending
spdt-1740621078.939-50
Pending
spdt-1740621081.587-403
Pending
spdt-1740621082.512-994
Pending
spdt-1740621085.426-642
Pending
spdt-1740621085.694-856
Pending
spdt-1740621086.085-550
Pending
spdt-1740621089.073-532
Pending
spdt-1740621089.684-357
Pending
spdt-1740621092.533-870
Pending
spdt-1740621092.597-765
Pending
spdt-1740621093.243-385
Pending
spdt-1740621094.306-944
Pending
spdt-1740621096.232-45
Pending
spdt-1740621096.837-50
Pending
spdt-1740621097.587-378
Pending
spdt-1740621099.757-486
Pending
spdt-1740621102.517-956
Pending
spdt-1740621103.417-664
Pending
spdt-1740621106.953-790
Pending
spdt-1740621112.908-83
Pending
spdt-1740621121.441-866
Pending
spdt-1740621122.544-929
Pending
spdt-1740621125.993-758
Pending
spdt-1740621127.673-577
Pending
spdt-1740621129.625-266
Pending
spdt-1740621133.136-647
Pending
spdt-1740621134.497-191
Pending
spdt-1740621137.801-469
Pending
spdt-1740621141.285-778
Pending
spdt-1740621144.771-558
Pending
spdt-1740621148.621-711
Pending
spdt-1740621149.304-135
Pending
spdt-1740621152.991-193
Pending
spdt-1740621154.51-347
Pending
spdt-1740621154.668-365
Pending
spdt-1740621156.795-260
Pending
spdt-1740621162.524-339
Pending
spdt-1740621164.478-768
Pending
spdt-1740621165.783-517
Pending
spdt-1740621168.317-197
Pending
spdt-1740621173.416-111
Pending
spdt-1740621175.67-943
Pending
spdt-1740621181.772-432
Pending
spdt-1740621181.969-876
Pending
spdt-1740621184.07-26
Pending
spdt-1740621187.341-464
Pending
spdt-1740621196.512-178
Pending
spdt-1740621199.794-877
Pending
spdt-1740621204.738-936
Pending
spdt-1740621205.92-169
Pending
spdt-1740621213.151-143
Pending
spdt-1740621222.798-438
Pending
spdt-1740621228.48-866
Pending
spdt-1740621234.809-837
Pending
spdt-1740621240.512-535
Pending
spdt-1740621271.827-721
Pending
spdt-1740621282.474-537
Pending
spdt-1740621284.516-737
Pending
spdt-1740621285.437-966
Pending
spdt-1740621301.965-292
Pending
spdt-1740621312.394-357
Pending
spdt-1740621315.915-772
Pending
spdt-1740621316.717-742
Pending
spdt-1740621318.889-862
Pending
spdt-1740621322.978-227
Pending
spdt-1740621325.192-418
Pending
spdt-1740621329.072-643
Pending
spdt-1740621329.784-566
Pending
spdt-1740621335.417-186
Pending
spdt-1740621341.319-463
Pending
spdt-1740621345.655-9
Pending
spdt-1740621348.098-29
Pending
spdt-1740621351.907-269
Pending
spdt-1740621353.72-299
Pending
spdt-1740621358.948-98
Pending
spdt-1740621359.109-661
Pending
spdt-1740621365.587-391
Pending
spdt-1740621369.516-939
Pending
spdt-1740621374.458-574
Pending
spdt-1740621376.526-16
Pending
spdt-1740621381.146-705
Pending
spdt-1740621382.051-801
Pending
spdt-1740621384.496-848
Pending
spdt-1740621386.61-81
Pending
spdt-1740621388.713-790
Pending
spdt-1740621395.242-51
Pending
spdt-1740621400.97-821
Pending
spdt-1740621401.291-840
Pending
spdt-1740621403.377-90
Pending
spdt-1740621408.547-233
Pending
spdt-1740621413.358-630
Pending
spdt-1740621413.651-494
Pending
spdt-1740621418.889-328
Pending
spdt-1740621423.889-304
Pending
spdt-1740621425.333-297
Pending
spdt-1740621428.743-686
Pending
spdt-1740621429.631-966
Pending
spdt-1740621433.919-652
Pending
spdt-1740621434.157-235
Pending
spdt-1740621439.381-492
Pending
spdt-1740621439.459-852
Pending
spdt-1740621443.407-245
Pending
spdt-1740621446.805-846
Pending
spdt-1740621453.873-423
Pending
spdt-1740621454.202-171
Pending
spdt-1740621459.125-274
Pending
spdt-1740621459.768-127
Pending
spdt-1740621460.792-851
Pending
spdt-1740621462.673-391
Pending
spdt-1740621464.989-630
Pending
spdt-1740621466.262-494
Pending
spdt-1740621471.312-405
Pending
spdt-1740621475.208-484
Pending
spdt-1740621476.227-829
Pending
spdt-1740621478.006-758
Pending
spdt-1740621482.006-194
Pending
spdt-1740621484.44-258
Pending
spdt-1740621486.133-61
Pending
spdt-1740621487.967-772
Pending
spdt-1740621490.293-485
Pending
spdt-1740621491.869-385
Pending
spdt-1740621492.88-285
Pending
spdt-1740621494.529-71
Pending
spdt-1740621495.689-80
Pending
spdt-1740621496.032-208
Pending
spdt-1740621499.501-864
Pending
spdt-1740621500.423-964
Pending
spdt-1740621503.96-348
Pending
spdt-1740621504.071-435
Pending
spdt-1740621505.084-801
Pending
spdt-1740621507.673-605
Pending
spdt-1740621511.018-755
Pending
spdt-1740621511.345-395
Pending
spdt-1740621511.981-371
Pending
spdt-1740621521.463-50
Pending
spdt-1740621522.706-570
Pending
spdt-1740621523.452-107
Pending
spdt-1740621524.182-734
Pending
spdt-1740621535.938-494
Pending
spdt-1740621536.151-361
Pending
spdt-1740621537.99-486
Pending
spdt-1740621539.617-914
Pending
spdt-1740621542.3-668
Pending
spdt-1740621543.477-769
Pending
spdt-1740621543.71-17
Pending
spdt-1740621545.862-265
Pending
spdt-1740621547.035-375
Pending
spdt-1740621547.266-559
Pending
spdt-1740621549.738-655
Pending
spdt-1740621556.43-454
Pending
spdt-1740621558.582-434
Pending
spdt-1740621561.584-143
Pending
spdt-1740621563.676-383
Pending
spdt-1740621574.549-414
Pending
spdt-1740621578.695-43
Pending
spdt-1740621579.494-286
Pending
spdt-1740621583.412-864
Pending
spdt-1740621583.907-118
Pending
spdt-1740621588.422-848
Pending
spdt-1740621588.915-409
Pending
spdt-1740621592.37-82
Pending
spdt-1740621596.788-58
Pending
spdt-1740621601.369-291
Pending
spdt-1740621601.72-82
Pending
spdt-1740621602.841-856
Pending
spdt-1740621606.993-960
Pending
spdt-1740621608.353-540
Pending
spdt-1740621611.129-371
Pending
spdt-1740621615.049-799
Pending
spdt-1740621618.28-355
Pending
spdt-1740621618.673-137
Pending
spdt-1740621623.604-990
Pending
spdt-1740621623.614-143
Pending
spdt-1740621625.039-212
Pending
spdt-1740621628.182-939
Pending
spdt-1740621632.926-242
Pending
spdt-1740621634.478-767
Pending
spdt-1740621637.608-958
Pending
spdt-1740621639.296-80
Pending
spdt-1740621642.261-781
Pending
spdt-1740621647.245-122
Pending
spdt-1740621651.116-897
Pending
spdt-1740621651.795-620
Pending
spdt-1740621652.125-590
Pending
spdt-1740621656.473-95
Pending
spdt-1740621656.487-646
Pending
spdt-1740621656.952-945
Pending
spdt-1740621661.259-131
Pending
spdt-1740621662.088-591
Pending
spdt-1740621665.804-548
Pending
spdt-1740621666.622-892
Pending
spdt-1740621670.258-706
Pending
spdt-1740621671.306-359
Pending
spdt-1740621674.868-898
Pending
spdt-1740621683.604-907
Pending
spdt-1740621684.887-140
Pending
spdt-1740621687.898-934
Pending
spdt-1740621689.376-972
Pending
spdt-1740621692.194-210
Pending
spdt-1740621693.94-41
Pending
spdt-1740621696.626-253
Pending
spdt-1740621698.04-300
Pending
spdt-1740621698.545-218
Pending
spdt-1740621700.819-695
Pending
spdt-1740621702.889-181
Pending
spdt-1740621703.452-536
Pending
spdt-1740621705.16-222
Pending
spdt-1740621707.504-313
Pending
spdt-1740621709.327-637
Pending
spdt-1740621713.393-9
Pending
spdt-1740621714.573-818
Pending
spdt-1740621717.288-352
Pending
spdt-1740621724.06-812
Pending
spdt-1740621726.861-666
Pending
spdt-1740621728.92-822
Pending
spdt-1740621734.414-739
Pending
spdt-1740621739.39-278
Pending
spdt-1740621744.061-980
Pending
spdt-1740621745.877-926
Pending
spdt-1740621749.083-501
Pending
spdt-1740621752.755-69
Pending
spdt-1740621753.72-461
Pending
spdt-1740621764.302-272
Pending
spdt-1740621769.032-402
Pending
spdt-1740621775.057-487
Pending
spdt-1740621780.031-118
Pending
spdt-1740621785.146-288
Pending
spdt-1740621791.14-384
Pending
spdt-1740621793.947-766
Pending
spdt-1740621795.877-298
Pending
spdt-1740621799.05-393
Pending
spdt-1740621800.878-849
Pending
spdt-1740621803.924-8
Pending
spdt-1740621807.877-948
Pending
spdt-1740621812.729-501
Pending
spdt-1740621814.124-283
Pending
spdt-1740621818.799-7
Pending
spdt-1740621822.373-828
Pending
spdt-1740621838.678-141
Pending
spdt-1740621843.888-652
Pending
spdt-1740621844.922-422
Pending
spdt-1740621850.063-378
Pending
spdt-1740621856.772-924
Pending
spdt-1740621862.955-158
Pending
spdt-1740621870.755-913
Pending
spdt-1740621879.859-228
Pending
spdt-1740621884.358-413
Pending
spdt-1740621893.781-163
Pending
spdt-1740621894.598-746
Pending
spdt-1740621898.759-335
Pending
spdt-1740621903.726-302
Pending
spdt-1740621903.901-490
Pending
spdt-1740621905.023-757
Pending
spdt-1740621909.228-317
Pending
spdt-1740621909.546-868
Pending
spdt-1740621911.516-609
Pending
spdt-1740621914.289-402
Pending
spdt-1740621916.588-79
Pending
spdt-1740621919.851-939
Pending
spdt-1740621921.985-515
Pending
spdt-1740621922.002-561
Pending
spdt-1740621925.579-54
Pending
spdt-1740621928.053-117
Pending
spdt-1740621929.569-475
Pending
spdt-1740621930.461-906
Pending
spdt-1740621935.524-222
Pending
spdt-1740621940.354-475
Pending
spdt-1740621941.963-93
Pending
spdt-1740621943.839-907
Pending
spdt-1740621949.694-880
Pending
spdt-1740621953.928-387
Pending
spdt-1740621954.992-776
Pending
spdt-1740621960.667-803
Pending
spdt-1740621961.093-383
Pending
spdt-1740621964.259-437
Pending
spdt-1740621965.876-344
Pending
spdt-1740621966.624-910
Pending
spdt-1740621978.001-867
Pending
spdt-1740621978.036-673
Pending
spdt-1740621979.011-719
Pending
spdt-1740621992.364-281
Pending
spdt-1740621994.741-388
Pending
spdt-1740621998.079-611
Pending
spdt-1740622000.994-738
Pending
spdt-1740622007.917-546
Pending
spdt-1740622014.184-144
Pending
spdt-1740622020.883-340
Pending
spdt-1740622021.007-25
Pending
spdt-1740622026.655-297
Pending
spdt-1740622027.639-201
Pending
spdt-1740622031.87-754
Pending
spdt-1740622037.233-791
Pending
spdt-1740622045.776-770
Pending
spdt-1740622064.137-135
Pending
spdt-1740622070.507-596
Pending
spdt-1740622075.276-250
Pending
spdt-1740622075.947-873
Pending
spdt-1740622081.564-90
Pending
spdt-1740622083.724-103
Pending
spdt-1740622089.98-678
Pending
spdt-1740622095.03-113
Pending
spdt-1740622097.914-943
Pending
spdt-1740622101.229-882
Pending
spdt-1740622108.83-207
Pending
spdt-1740622114.622-275
Pending
spdt-1740622116.189-960
Pending
spdt-1740622120.864-304
Pending
spdt-1740622123.265-505
Pending
spdt-1740622134.891-156
Pending
spdt-1740622146.407-116
Pending
spdt-1740622151.28-672
Pending
spdt-1740622156.045-409
Pending
spdt-1740622157.005-323
Pending
spdt-1740622162.008-212
Pending
spdt-1740622172.805-467
Pending
spdt-1740622174.619-920
Pending
spdt-1740622176.289-589
Pending
spdt-1740622182.568-784
Pending
spdt-1740622184.92-901
Pending
spdt-1740622197.302-483
Pending
spdt-1740622202.624-419
Pending
spdt-1740622207.712-610
Pending
spdt-1740622217.108-235
Pending
spdt-1740622223.923-769
Pending
spdt-1740622224.555-337
Pending
spdt-1740622225.469-561
Pending
spdt-1740622229.378-408
Pending
spdt-1740622231.003-511
Pending
spdt-1740622236.605-334
Pending
spdt-1740622238.314-881
Pending
spdt-1740622242.862-311
Pending
spdt-1740622244.818-345
Pending
spdt-1740622246.466-161
Pending
spdt-1740622248.507-36
Pending
spdt-1740622250.086-1
Pending
spdt-1740622254.86-382
Pending
spdt-1740622257.542-675
Pending
spdt-1740622262.313-805
Pending
spdt-1740622263.766-755
Pending
spdt-1740622267.791-552
Pending
spdt-1740622271.245-766
Pending
spdt-1740622272.66-342
Pending
spdt-1740622274.274-702
Pending
spdt-1740622278.549-656
Pending
spdt-1740622285.266-78
Pending
spdt-1740622286.661-648
Pending
spdt-1740622292.78-781
Pending
spdt-1740622296.154-780
Pending
spdt-1740622296.808-364
Pending
spdt-1740622299.93-442
Pending
spdt-1740622308.522-848
Pending
spdt-1740622313.139-285
Pending
spdt-1740622314.87-680
Pending
spdt-1740622320.659-15
Pending
spdt-1740622321.226-709
Pending
spdt-1740622326.333-254
Pending
spdt-1740622327.53-610
Pending
spdt-1740622328.139-643
Pending
spdt-1740622328.32-618
Pending
spdt-1740622332.833-117
Pending
spdt-1740622347.079-936
Pending
spdt-1740622353.684-14
Pending
spdt-1740622361.022-739
Pending
spdt-1740622375.244-309
Pending
spdt-1740622377.197-366
Pending
spdt-1740622385.415-912
Pending
spdt-1740622397.916-609
Pending
spdt-1740622417.273-327
Pending
spdt-1740622420.463-256
Pending
spdt-1740622425.749-892
Pending
spdt-1740622445.817-769
Pending
spdt-1740622451.713-392
Pending
spdt-1740622457.964-757
Pending
spdt-1740622473.416-227
Pending
spdt-1740622479.607-746
Pending
spdt-1740622498.441-217
Pending
spdt-1740622506.504-105
Pending
spdt-1740622511.076-810
Pending
spdt-1740622512.822-899
Pending
spdt-1740622516.136-343
Pending
spdt-1740622519.707-132
Pending
spdt-1740622521.221-474
Pending
spdt-1740622525.006-373
Pending
spdt-1740622527.776-707
Pending
spdt-1740622536.91-869
Pending
spdt-1740622537.351-107
Pending
spdt-1740622542.907-171
Pending
spdt-1740622546.326-933
Pending
spdt-1740622558.667-23
Pending
spdt-1740622565.772-623
Pending
spdt-1740622566.481-682
Pending
spdt-1740622578.304-38
Pending
spdt-1740622579.639-908
Pending
spdt-1740622580.758-247
Pending
spdt-1740622584.472-533
Pending
spdt-1740622598.239-711
Pending
spdt-1740622604.528-446
Pending
spdt-1740622610.745-589
Pending
spdt-1740622626.961-437
Pending
spdt-1740622633.093-374
Pending
spdt-1740622640.077-788
Pending
spdt-1740622643.336-63
Pending
spdt-1740622646.167-291
Pending
spdt-1740622650.569-949
Pending
spdt-1740622652.32-222
Pending
spdt-1740622657.905-272
Pending
spdt-1740622658.087-711
Pending
spdt-1740622660.321-438
Pending
spdt-1740622677.737-852
Pending
spdt-1740622680.241-43
Pending
spdt-1740622692.266-673
Pending
spdt-1740622698.796-705
Pending
spdt-1740622703.867-883
Pending
spdt-1740622707.224-964
Pending
spdt-1740622715.703-94
Pending
spdt-1740622717.559-751
Pending
spdt-1740622726.779-244
Pending
spdt-1740622730.969-979
Pending
spdt-1740622732.54-9
Pending
spdt-1740622751.661-134
Pending
spdt-1740622772.483-294
Pending
spdt-1740622794.886-909
Pending
spdt-1740622795.298-378
Pending
spdt-1740622798.515-633
Pending
spdt-1740622800.673-355
Pending
spdt-1740622801.368-893
Pending
spdt-1740622806.552-805
Pending
spdt-1740622807.326-425
Pending
spdt-1740622808.356-688
Pending
spdt-1740622820.714-855
Pending
spdt-1740622843.401-267
Pending
spdt-1740622851.318-47
Pending
spdt-1740622853.241-950
Pending
spdt-1740622857.863-525
Pending
spdt-1740622870.225-453
Pending
spdt-1740622879.219-759
Pending
spdt-1740622884.944-602
Pending
spdt-1740622891.093-471
Pending
spdt-1740622894.865-671
Pending
spdt-1740622898.262-948
Pending
spdt-1740622910.039-219
Pending
spdt-1740622932.807-708
Pending
spdt-1740622940.571-627
Pending
spdt-1740622942.955-737
Pending
spdt-1740622946.713-417
Pending
spdt-1740622947.462-104
Pending
spdt-1740622954.418-997
Pending
spdt-1740622962.463-334
Pending
spdt-1740622966.22-660
Pending
spdt-1740622968.005-772
Pending
spdt-1740622970.081-430
Pending
spdt-1740622975.545-92
Pending
spdt-1740622988.635-158
Pending
spdt-1740622994.429-238
Pending
spdt-1740623003.104-787
Pending
spdt-1740623010.096-45
Pending
spdt-1740623019.001-529
Pending
spdt-1740623030.348-109
Pending
spdt-1740623033.882-769
Pending
spdt-1740623052.035-384
Pending
spdt-1740623059.159-109
Pending
spdt-1740623059.494-693
Pending
spdt-1740623092.564-40
Pending
user_hashed_email
Pending
user_hashed_phone_number
Pending
client-registry.mutinycdn.com
6
_mutiny_impressions
Pending
mutiny.user.session
Pending
mutiny.user.session_number
Pending
mutiny.user.token
Pending
mutiny.user.token
Pending
query.
Pending
d34r8q7sht0t9k.cloudfront.net
www.attentive.com
6
__podscribe_attentive_landing_url [x2]
Pending
__podscribe_attentive_referrer [x2]
Pending
__podscribe_did [x2]
Pending
events.attentivemobile.com
1
tpc_id
Pending
js.qualified.com
1
__q_local_form_debug
Pending
js.qualified.com
www.attentive.com
2
__q_state_9HbK7T9cMMrPm51Q [x2]
Pending
podscribe.com
3
_podscribe_attentive_landing_url
Pending
_podscribe_attentive_referrer
Pending
_podscribe_did
Pending
verifi.podscribe.com
1
tag
Pending
www.attentive.com
4
hasPageBeenReloaded
Pending
spdt-1740620950.982-64
Pending
spdt-1740621377.238-252
Pending
spdt-1740621471.459-936
Pending
Cross-domain consent
7
Your consent applies to the following domains:
List of domains your consent applies to:
info.attentivemobile.ca
info.attentivemobile.com.au
event.attentivemobile.com
signup.attentive.com
attentive.com
info.attentive.co.uk
info.attentive.com
Cookie declaration last updated on 2/27/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
Attentive Mobile Inc. and its affiliates, along with our service providers (collectively, “Attentive” or “we”) use This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our website.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from this Cookie Notice on our website.  Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
This Cookie Notice may be revised occasionally and in accordance with legal requirements. Please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our and our analytic and advertising partners’ use of Cookies.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Reject
Allow selection
Customize
Accept
Why Attentive
Products
Messaging
SMS
Engage customers with text messages that drive loyalty and revenue
Deliverability
Send messages knowing they’ll be delivered, even during peak periods
Concierge
Provide the helpful and accurate replies customers need in seconds
email
Email
Boost revenue and save time with personalized emails that convert
list management
Growth
Collect SMS and Email subscribers quickly with easy sign-up units
Attentive Signal
New
Identify, understand, and engage more website visitors
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions with detailed, customizable reports
Attentive AI™
Create and send top-performing campaigns in a fraction of the time
Integrations
Connect seamlessly with flexible integrations that drive growth
Compliance
Run your program with tools designed to protect you from potential risk
Customer Success
Build and scale your program with unparalleled guidance and support
Client Strategy
Build and scale your program with unparalleled support
Solutions
By Business Need
International
Deliver the right messages to the right customers across 20+ countries
Orchestrate SMS & Email
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Retention & Loyalty
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Drive More Revenue
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Personalized Marketing
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
By Industry
Retail & E-Commerce
﻿Increase consumer loyalty, engagement, and revenue with AI-driven marketing tools
Entertainment
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Packaged Goods
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Restaurants
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Travel & Hospitality
﻿Reach more customers, drive loyalty, and boost revenue with SMS and email
Food & Beverage
﻿Deliver tailored, cross-channel messages that keep diners coming back
Entertainment & Media
Instantly connect with your audience in real time to drive more revenue
Fitness & Wellness
Engage more customers and boost bookings with personalized messages that motivate
By Role
Marketers
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Developers
Unlock valuable functionality, enhance personalization, and share data by connecting your marketing stack with our flexible APIs
Partners
Exceed growth goals with expert guidance and management from our agency partners
Resources
Resource Hub
Discover the latest tools, guides, and marketing tips.
Blog
Strategies, trends, and insights to help you become an industry expert
Texts We Love
Real SMS examples to inspire your next campaign
Guides
Text messaging industry insights to help you become an SMS expert
Webinars
Live and on-demand recordings to keep learning
Case Studies
Explore proven strategies and results from innovative brands
Help Center
Check out our how-to guides, webinars, and more
Revenue Calculator
Instantly calculate your projected revenue and subscriber growth
Marketing Campaign Calendar
Top marketing tips and strategies for key dates
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Company
About
Learn how we’re reimagining business-to-consumer relationships
Press
Catch up on company news
Careers
Check out our open roles and company values
Sign in
Get Demo
Why Attentive
Products
Products
Messaging
SMS
Engage customers with text messages that drive loyalty and revenue
Deliverability
Send messages knowing they’ll be delivered, even during peak periods
Concierge
Provide the helpful and accurate replies customers need in seconds
email
Email
Boost revenue and save time with personalized emails that convert
List Management
Growth
Collect SMS and Email subscribers quickly with easy sign-up units
Attentive Signal
New
Identify, understand, and engage more website visitors
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions with detailed, customizable reports
Attentive AI™
Create and send top-performing campaigns in a fraction of the time
Integrations
Connect seamlessly with flexible integrations that drive growth
Compliance
Run your program with tools designed to protect you from potential risk
Customer Success
Build and scale your program with unparalleled guidance and support
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Solutions
Solutions
By Business Need
Orchestrate SMS & Email
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Retention & Loyalty
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Drive More Revenue
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Personalized Marketing
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
International
Deliver the right messages to the right customers across 20+ countries
By Industry
Retail & E-Commerce
﻿Increase consumer loyalty, engagement, and revenue with AI-driven marketing tools
Entertainment
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Packaged Goods
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Restaurants
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Travel & Hospitality
Reach more customers, drive loyalty, and boost revenue with SMS and email
Food & Beverage
﻿Deliver tailored, cross-channel messages that keep diners coming back
Entertainment & Media
Instantly connect with your audience in real time to drive more revenue
Fitness & Wellness
Engage more customers and boost bookings with personalized messages that motivate
By Role
Partners
Exceed growth goals with expert guidance and management from our agency partners
Developers
Unlock valuable functionality, enhance personalization, and share data by connecting your marketing stack with our flexible APIs
Resources
Resources
Resource Hub
Discover the latest tools, guides, and marketing tips.
Blog
Strategies, trends, and insights to help you become an industry expert
Texts We Love
Real SMS examples to inspire your next campaign
Webinars
Live and on-demand recordings to keep learning
Guides
Text messaging industry insights to help you become an SMS expert
Case Studies
Explore proven strategies and results from innovative brands
Help Center
Check out our how-to guides, webinars, and more
Revenue Calculator
Instantly calculate your projected revenue and subscriber growth
Marketing Campaign Calendar
Top marketing tips and strategies for key dates
Releases and Updates
Get the latest on new products, features, and enhancements.
Company
Company
About
Learn how we're reimagining business-to-consumer relationships
Life at Attentive
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Suspendisse varius.
Press
Catch up on company news
Careers
Check out our open roles and company values
My First Six Months at Attentive
Read Now
Sign in
Get Demo
Attentive Mobile Inc. Privacy Policy
Attentive Mobile Inc. (“
Attentive,
”
“
we
,”
“
us
,”
or “
our
”) respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Attentive collects, uses, discloses, and secures (“processes”) personal information (“
Personal Information
”)
through
www.attentive.com
(“
Website
”), our computer or mobile applications, our electronic communications, including email and text messages, and other websites and services that we provide that are controlled by us and display this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
“Service”
).
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we handle your Personal Information.
This Privacy Policy contains the following sections:
Attentive's Processing of Personal Information on Behalf of Clients
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Online Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
How We Disclose Personal Information
Protection of Personal Information
Retention of Personal Information
Third-Party Links and Features
Children’s Privacy
Privacy Rights and Choices
Data Privacy Framework
Privacy Policy Updates
Contact Us
‍
‍
Attentive’s Processing of Personal Information on Behalf of Clients
To the extent Attentive processes Personal Information on behalf of organizations (
“Clients”
) that want to engage with individual consumers (
“Client Consumers”
) through the Service, Attentive acts a data processor or service provider on behalf of these Clients. Our processing of Client Consumers’ Personal Information is described in this Privacy Policy and is governed by Attentive’s agreements with those Clients.
Client Consumers who wish to exercise any privacy rights in connection with their Personal Information that has been submitted to us by a Client should inquire with the Client directly. Because we only process Client Consumers’ data upon instruction from that Client, Client Consumers who make a request directly to us should provide to us the name of the Client who submitted their Personal Information to us. If we are able to verify the Client, we will refer the request to that Client and support them as needed in responding to the request within a reasonable timeframe.
‍
‍
Personal Information We Collect
Personal Information We Collect from Clients’ Representatives and other Website Visitors.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information for our own business purposes, as set out below:
Identifiers, including your first and last name, email address, and phone number;
Preferences for receiving communications about our services and publications, and details about how you engage with our marketing communications;
Information you provide when you interact with content on our Website;
Information you provide in connection with requests to contact us or requests for customer service; and
Information you provide in connection with your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, research study, or email survey.
Personal Information about Client Consumers that Clients Provide to Us.
Clients may provide us with information about Client Consumers through the Service or offline for inclusion in the Service. Such information may include Client Consumers’ name, email address, and telephone number. Our Clients are responsible for providing notice and obtaining appropriate consents necessary for us to process this Personal Information.
Personal Information We Automatically Collect.
Like most online services, we may automatically receive and store certain Personal Information about individuals who interact with our Service through their browser or device. As discussed further below, we and our service providers may use a variety of technologies, including cookies, to assist in collecting this information.
Device Information. We collect technical information associated with the device(s) you use to access our Service, including information related to your browser and operating system, IP address (the Internet address of your computer), unique device identifiers, and other information such as your device type.
Usage Information. We collect a variety of information to better understand how individuals use our Service. This may include the webpage that you were visiting before accessing our Service, the pages or features of our Service you use, how much time you spend there, date and time of use, and information about your usage preferences.
Transaction Information. We also collect information to help us verify transactions completed using our Service. This may include the names and email addresses of parties to a transaction, subject line, history of actions that individuals take on a transaction (e.g., reviewing and approving transactions, providing payment method details), and authentication methods.
Personal Information We Collect from Social Media and Other Content Platforms
. When individuals “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, X, LinkedIn, or other social media sites, we may collect some Personal Information including your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post that is relevant to us. We also collect your Personal Information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through social media sites.
Personal Information We Collect from Others.
We may also receive Personal Information from service providers, advertisers, business partners, data companies and other third parties. We may combine this information with other information we receive through the Service.
‍
How We Use Personal Information
We use Personal Information for the following business and operational purposes:
Account Administration
. To enter into or perform a contract with our Clients and Website visitors, we use Personal Information for account administration, information verification, payment collection and invoicing and accounting.
Service Provision
. To perform our contract with our Clients and Website visitors, we use Personal Information to provide, manage, support, and improve our Service.
Communications and Customer Support
. To perform our contract with Clients and Website visitors, or where it is in our legitimate business interests, we use Personal Information to respond to requests or other communications we receive by email, phone or otherwise, and to provide more effective and efficient customer service.
Fraud Protection and Security
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use Personal Information to conduct internal business operations to keep our Service safe and secure, such as auditing, detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity and resolving crashes.
Analytics and Aggregation
.
It is in our legitimate business interests to monitor use of the Service, analyze trends, and carry out research and development. We may aggregate or anonymize Personal Information in a form that does not allow individuals to be personally identified and use the resulting information for statistical analysis regarding use of the Service, such as to better understand our customer base, or for other purposes.
Marketing
. It is in our legitimate business interests to contact Clients and Website visitors regarding Attentive and third-party products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to them (in accordance with any privacy preferences they have expressed to us). Where legally required, we will only send marketing communications with prior consent.
Personalization
. It is in our legitimate business interests to use Personal Information to customize content, preferences, and advertising on the Service and across the Internet.
‍
Compliance and Legal Reasons
. We may use Personal Information to enforce and comply with our terms and policies, to comply with our legal obligations such as applicable laws, regulations, and other legal processes and procedures, or where it is in our legitimate interests to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights.
‍
Cookies and Similar Technologies
To collect the information in the
“Personal Information We Automatically Collect”
section above, we and our service providers use Internet server logs, cookies, tags, SDKs, tracking pixels, and other similar tracking technologies. We use these technologies to offer a more personalized experience by understanding and remembering Website visitors’ particular browsing preferences.
A web server log is a file where website activity is stored.
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website, that enables us to: (i) recognize your computer; (ii) store your preferences and settings; (iii) understand the web pages of the Service you have visited; (iv) enhance your user experience by delivering and measuring the effectiveness of content and advertising tailored to your interests; (v) perform searches and analytics; and (vi) assist with security and administrative functions. Some cookies are placed in your browser cache while those associated with Flash technologies are stored with your Adobe Flash Player files.
Tracking pixels (sometimes referred to as web beacons or clear GIFs) are tiny electronic tags with a unique identifier embedded in websites, online ads, and/or emails that are designed to: (i) collect usage information like ad impressions or clicks and email open rates; (ii) measure popularity of the Service and associated advertising; and (iii) access user cookies.
As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather information through other methods and technologies.
Please note that you can change your settings to notify you when certain cookies are being set or updated, or to block certain cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g.,
Internet Explorer
;
Google Chrome
;
Mozilla Firefox
; or
Apple Safari
). You can also manage the use of Flash technologies, including flash cookies and local storage objects with the Flash management tools available at
Adobe’s website
. Please note that by blocking, disabling, or managing any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features or offerings of the Service and that Attentive does not control the choices that are available through above third-party offerings.
For more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them, please refer to our
Cookies Notice
.
‍
Online Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising
Analytics.
We may use third-party analytics services (such as Google Analytics) on our Service to collect and analyze usage information through cookies and similar technologies; engage in auditing, research, or reporting; assist with fraud prevention; and provide certain features to Website visitors. To prevent Google Analytics from using Personal Information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking
here
.
Interest-Based Advertising.
When you visit our Website, Attentive may use the information collected from you in order to display advertising to you on other websites, such as Facebook or Google, about products, services, and related features that we think may be of interest to you to improve and personalize your use of the Service. This type of advertising is called retargeting. These ads may be personalized based on various factors such as the features you are using, demographic and geographic data, and other information that we collect about you. This advertising may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and may be tailored to your interests.
In order to provide this interest-based advertising, we may use third-party service providers who, on our behalf, may place cookies or other tracking technologies, such as cookies and SDKs on your computer browser, mobile phone applications, or other devices to collect information about your use of the Service in order to provide interest-based advertising to you both on the Website and on other websites.
We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Policy govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your computer, mobile phone, or other device by non-affiliated third parties. As described below, these providers may offer you a way to opt-out of the collection of information that is used for our interest-based advertising to you. We cannot guarantee that these instructions will not change, or that they will continue to be available; they are controlled by each non-affiliated third party, not us.
If you are interested in more information about interest-based advertising and how you can generally control cookies and other tracking technologies from being put on your device to deliver such advertising, you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) Consumer Opt-Out link
, or
TrustArc’s Advertising Choices Page
. To opt out of the display of interest-based advertising from Google, please visit the
Google Ads Settings
page. Facebook also offers settings that may control what information Facebook uses about you or your device activity for advertising purposes. For more information, you will need to log in to Facebook via the Sign In link and go to Settings > Ads > Ad Settings (web) or Ad Preferences > Ad Settings (app).
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into the Website, Website visitors may still receive advertising even if you opt-out as described above. In that case, the advertising will just not be based on your interests.
Do Not Track.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the variety of opt-out mechanisms listed above. However, because of the changing state of technology and indecision within the industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals. Learn more about
Do Not Track
.
‍
How We Disclose Personal Information
We may disclose Personal Information to the following parties:
Service Providers
. We may disclose Personal Information to vendors who provide services to us, such as analytics, payments processing, web site management, information technology, security and other similar services.
Advertising Partners
. We may disclose Personal Information pertaining to Clients and Website visitors to third-party advertising companies, including for the interest-based advertising purposes described above.
‍
Our Clients
. We may disclose Client Consumers’ Personal Information to the Client with which that Client Consumer engages.
‍
Related Entities
. We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates (entities that control or are under the control of Attentive) for business purposes. We will require these entities to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to their use of Personal Information.
‍
State, Federal, and Foreign Courts and Regulatory and Government Authorities
. We may disclose Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with applicable law and legal processes; (ii) respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (iii) enforce our
Terms of Use
; (iv) protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (v) allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
‍
Prospective Purchasers, Assignees and other Parties Involved in Corporate Transactions
. We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, diligence, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets.
‍
Other Third Parties as Authorized by You
. We may also disclose Personal Information when you have authorized us to do so or at your direction.
From time to time, we may share aggregate or de-identified information about use of the Service and individuals. We may disclose such aggregate or de-identified information to any third party, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors. If Clients use Attentive’s Google Merchant Center integration to share product data with Attentive (“Google User Data”), we will not disclose such Google User Data to third parties.
‍
Protection of Personal Information
We maintain reasonable physical, technical, administrative, and organizational security measures that are designed to protect Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. These measures are commensurate with the sensitivity of the information that we maintain. While we strive to protect Personal Information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we maintain.​
‍
‍
Retention of Personal Information
We retain Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide our Service or as needed to comply with applicable legal obligations. We will also retain and use Personal Information as necessary to resolve disputes, protect Attentive and our users, and enforce our agreements.
‍
Third-Party Links and Features
The Service may contain links to third-party services (e.g., social media sites like Facebook and X) and third-party plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “like” button and the X “follow” button). These links and features are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of information provided through these third-party links and features, nor any association with their operators. If you choose to use these sites or features, you may disclose your Personal Information not just to those third parties, but also to their users and the public more generally depending on how their services function. Attentive does not control these third parties and is not responsible for the content or data practices of such third-party websites or services. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites or services is covered under their privacy and data collection policies, and is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We urge you to review the privacy and security policies of these third parties before interacting with their services.
‍
Children’s Privacy
The Service is intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 18. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from children under the age of 18 without legally valid parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as soon as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws.
‍
Privacy Rights and Choices
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information.
Legal Rights.
Depending on the laws of their local jurisdiction, Clients’ representatives and Website visitors may have certain rights and choices with respect to their Personal Information. Client Consumers who wish to exercise any rights in connection with their Personal Information that has been submitted to us by a Client should inquire with the Client directly.
Clients’ representatives and Website visitors may be able to ask us to:
provide access to and/or a copy of certain Personal Information we hold about you;
prevent the processing of your Personal Information for direct-marketing purposes (including any direct marketing processing based on profiling);
update or rectify Personal Information which is out of date or incorrect;
delete certain Personal Information which we are holding about you;
oppose, cancel, or restrict the way that we process and disclose certain of your Personal Information;
transfer your Personal Information to a third-party provider of services;
revoke your consent for the processing of your Personal Information; or
opt out of sharing your Personal Information for interest-based advertising. You can limit online tracking as described in the
“Online Analytics and Interest-Based Marketing”
section or by clicking the “Cookie Notice” link on the footer of our website. We do not sell Personal Information.
We will consider all requests and provide our response within the time period required by applicable law. Please note that certain Personal Information may be exempt from such requests in some circumstances, which may include if we need to keep processing your Personal Information for our legitimate interests, to comply with a legal obligation, or if you are a resident of a country or state that does not provide the rights you have requested.
We may request that you provide us with information necessary to verify your identity before responding to your request as required or permitted by applicable law. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws.
If you consider that we have processed Personal Information in violation of applicable law and failed to remedy such violation to your reasonable satisfaction, you may also lodge a complaint with a competent data protection authority. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, you will not be discriminated against or receive discriminatory treatment.
Marketing Communications.
Client representatives and Website visitors may instruct us not to contact them by email, postal mail, or phone regarding products, services, and promotions that might appeal to their interests by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email or by contacting us directly at the email address listed below. Individuals who opt out may continue to receive services-related and other non-marketing emails.
Client Consumers who would like to opt-out of receiving emails or text messages from our Clients using our Service need to exercise their rights with our Clients by, for example, unsubscribing from Client emails or by responding to Client text messages with any of the following replies: STOP, END, CANCEL, UNSUBSCRIBE, or QUIT.  If you opt-out of receiving emails or text messages from one of our Clients, you may continue to receive emails or text messages from any other Clients’ email or text message programs you have joined until you separately unsubscribe from those programs.
‍
‍
Data Privacy Framework
Attentive complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to Attentive in the United States.
Attentive has certified that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles (the “
Principles
”) with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
Attentive may be liable under the Principles if its agents process Personal Information on behalf of Attentive in a manner inconsistent with the Principles.
In compliance with the Principles, Attentive commits to resolve complaints about our processing of your Personal Information. EU, UK and Swiss users with inquiries or complaints regarding this Data Privacy Framework policy should first contact Attentive at:
privacy@attentive.com
.
We have further committed to refer unresolved Data Privacy Framework complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider, JAMS (free of charge) at
https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution
.
If your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under certain conditions a binding arbitration option may be available before a Data Privacy Framework Panel. For additional information, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2
.
Attentive may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Attentive’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.
‍
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make a material change to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you.
‍
Contact Us
Attentive Mobile, Inc. is the responsible entity (or controller, under applicable law) for Personal Information pertaining to Clients and Website visitors.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices or if you would like to exercise your rights and choices, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
privacy@attentive.com
, or by writing to us at: Attentive Mobile Inc., Attn: Privacy Dept., 221 River Street, Suite 9047, Hoboken, NJ 07030
.
For users in the EEA, we have appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO), at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium, as our EU data representative. You can contact our EU representative at the address above or alternatively by using EDPO’s online request form:
https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/
.
‍
Last Updated: September 12, 2024
‍