Disclaimer:
By using this application, you agree to the collection, storage, and processing of your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) as described in our Privacy Policy. Your information will be used solely for the purposes outlined in the Privacy Policy, and we are committed to protecting your data in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
DKR GDPR Compliant Privacy Policy
Introduction
DKR (referred to as "we," "us," or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. This privacy policy outlines how we collect, use, share, and store your data when you interact with our website, services, applications, and other online and offline activities.
Data Collection
What data do we collect?
While using Our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Phone number
Email
City
Picture
Date of Birth
Gender
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.
Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
How do we collect your data?
When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.
Information from Third-Party Social Media Services
The Company allows You to create an account and log in to use the Service through the following Third-party Social Media Services:
Google
Facebook
Apple
If you decide to register through or otherwise grant us access to a Third-Party Social Media Service, we may collect Personal data that is already associated with your Third-Party Social Media Service's account, such as your name, your email address, your activities or Your contact list associated with that account.
You may also have the option of sharing additional information with the Company through Your Third-Party Social Media Service's account. If You choose to provide such information and Personal Data, during registration or otherwise, you are giving the Company permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, we may collect, with your prior permission:
Information regarding your location Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library
We use this information to provide features of Our Service, to improve and customize Our Service. The information may be uploaded to the Company's servers and/or a Service Provider's server or it may be simply stored on Your device.
You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.
Data Use
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We may share your personal information in the following situations:
With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.
Data Retention
The Company will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Data Deletion
If you are concerned about your data, you have the right to request access to the personal data which we may hold or process about you. You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. At any stage you also have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If so, we will inform you of the fee before processing your request.
You may communicate the withdrawal of your consent to the continued use, disclosure, storing and/or processing of your personal data by contacting our customer services, subject to the conditions and/or limitations imposed by applicable laws or regulations. Please note that if you communicate your withdrawal of your consent to our use, disclosure, storing or processing of your personal data for the purposes and in the manner as stated above or exercise your other rights as available under applicable local laws, we may not be in a position to continue to provide the Services to you or perform any contract we have with you, and we will not be liable in the event that we do not continue to provide the Services to, or perform our contract with you. Our legal rights and remedies are expressly reserved in such an event.
As a Dil Ka Rishta user, you have the right to ask us to delete your data held by us. In the event you wish to have your data deleted, you may contact our customer services at +92-42-111-111-357 or contact@dilkarishta.com. Our customer service agent will reach out to you to assist you with the process. It will take 30 working days from the receipt of your Deletion Request to delete your data.
Data Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Marketing
We may send you promotional communications based on your consent or our legitimate interests. You can opt out of receiving such communications at any time.
Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, analyse website traffic, and personalize content. You can manage your cookie preferences through your browser settings.
Data Protection Rights
You have the right to access, correct, delete, or restrict the processing of your personal information. You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the information provided below.
Third-Party Disclosure
We may share your data with third-party service providers for business purposes, with your consent, or as required by law. We ensure that such third parties adhere to data protection standards. Following are the third-parties with whom we may share your data:
Google(analytics)
Facebook(ad targeting)
D Engage(push notifications)
Vici Dialler(automated calls)
Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Other legal requirements
The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with a legal obligation
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
Protect against legal liability
Privacy Policies of Other Websites
Our privacy policy does not cover the practices of third-party websites linked to or from our website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those websites.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time to reflect changes in legal requirements or business practices. Any significant changes will be communicated to you.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
By email:
contact@dilkarishta.com
By visiting this page on our website:
www.dilkarishta.com
By phone number: +92-42-111-111-357
Contacting the Appropriate Authorities
If you believe your data protection rights have been violated, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.
This privacy policy was last updated on 04/04/2024.
Laakhon Verified Rishtay
Ab Aik Click Par!