Privacy Policy
Last Update: 18 April 2023
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA (AS
    DEFINED BELOW).
This Privacy Policy explains how we, Feline Marketing INC, and affiliated companies (collectively, "we", "us", "our")
    collect, use, secure or otherwise processes personal data of users (“you” or “your”) when
    you use our Services.
This Privacy Policy applies to our games, apps, websites and other services (together the “Services”,
    “Products” or “games”, “apps”, “websites” for individual
    categories).
1. WHAT DATA WE COLLECT
While using our Services, we may collect certain information that can be used to identify you (“personal data”).
    The personal data we collect will depend on the circumstances and the Services you are using. In general, data we
    collect include: (a) data you submit to us; (b) data we collect automatically; and (c) data we collect from our
    partners.
(a) Data you submit to us
Authorization and/or Account Information. When you sign up for an account, we require certain information such
        as your email address or Facebook ID or Google ID - depending on the Services settings.
Content Information, i.e. photos, pictures, video and audio files, documents and other data that you upload
        using the Services.
Personal Information which you may fill in or provide by yourself when the app is designed for tracking your
        info.
Other data you choose to give us. We may also collect other information you submit to us when using our
        Services. For example, we collect your information when you when you contact us through the contact feature
        embedded in our Services or when you send us an email directly.
(b) Data we collect automatically
Device information. When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on your device,
        such as device identifiers (device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI), the type of device you use, operating
        system, resolution, application version, language and time zone and IP address.
Cookies and similar technologies. Our advertising networks and their partners may use cookies and similar
        technologies, such as mobile “SDK”, to provide our Services and to provide targeted advertisements.
        More information on the use of cookies can be found in our Cookie Policy at:
link to Cookie policy
.
Location data. We may collect information related to your location such as general location data (country,
        region, city), region information of your mobile device, region associated with your SIM card. We may also
        collect precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent).
Usage Information. We collect data about your use of the Services, for example date and time you used a service,
        features you have used and how you have used them, in-app purchases history, subscriptions, and advertising that
        you click on, and data generated when you use our Services.
Other information. Sometimes we may collect upon your permission other information such as precise geolocation
        (latitude and longitude). If you decline permission for us, we will not collect it.
(c) Data we collect from our partners
Information from social network(s). You may choose to connect to our Services via your social media account,
        e.g. Google, Facebook. In this case we may receive certain information from such social network. The information
        we receive depends on the Services you are using and policies of social network. You may find such policies on
        web-site of social network.
Information from our analytic service providers. We may receive information about you from our analytic service
        providers with data they collect through our Services in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Information from our advertising partners. From time to time, we may also receive personal information about you
        from other third-party sources. For example, if you clicked on an advertisement to direct you to one of our
        Services, we may receive information from which ad network and advertising campaign the install originated from.
2. WHY WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We use the data we collect about you to deliver our Services to you. We also use it for improving and monitoring our
    Services. In addition, we use your information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted
    content and to keep the Services safe and fair.
(a) To deliver our Services to you
We process data to provide you with all requested Services. Our legal basis is performance of a contract with you
    which you entered into with us when you download our Products and accept our End User License Agreement (“EULA”).
For this purpose we process your data, in particular, to:
Allow you to use our Services;
Operate the Services;
Verify and confirm payments;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Send you Services-related communications;
(b) To improve and monitor our Services
We process data to provide a great Services to you. Our legal basis is legitimate interests to run our business and
    make high-quality Products.
For this purpose we process your data, in particular, to:
Improve and Optimize our Services;
Customize your Services experience;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide user support;
Provide you our offers in the Services;
Better understand user behavior and trends;
Detect potential outages and technical issues.
(c) To provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content.
We process data for serving personalized advertising and content. Our legal basis is legitimate interests to run our
    business and provide you with best content and advertising. For information on how to opt-out from personalized
    advertisements, see section “Your rights and options” below.
For this purpose we process your data, in particular, to:
Show ads that may be of interest to you based on your preferences;
Provide personalized content and information to you, which can include online ads or other forms of marketing;
Send you marketing notifications and receive your feedback about your user experience;
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior;
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services.
(d) To keep the Services safe
We process data for safety purposes. Our legal basis for such processing is legitimate interests for protecting our
    business and Services.
For this purpose we process your data, in particular, to:
Prevent, detect, and investigate fraud, security breaches, potentially prohibited or illegal activities,
Protect our trademarks and other intellectual property rights;
Enforce our EULA.
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving users
3. WHO CAN SEE YOUR DATA
Apart from us, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
(a) Other players and users
Social features are a core component of some Products. When you use some games and apps other players and users may,
    for example, see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
(b) Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and
    provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests. We may also disclose your data based on your
    consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others.
(c) Our Service Providers and Partners
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our Services. These third parties assist us with various tasks,
    including hosting and maintenance, on-going development, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising. We may
    also share information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in our Services.
For further information about our partners please go to:
link to List of partners
.
4. WHERE YOUR DATA CAN BE TRANSFERRED
Our Services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Please note
    that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have
    the same data protection laws as in your jurisdiction.
We try to make sure that the recipient of any personal data provides a proper protection of the personal data
    received. Adequate safeguards that our partners may include compliance with the rules and procedures known as the
    EU-US Privacy Shield, or under contractual provisions which have been deemed by the European Commission to provide
    sufficient safeguards for personal data.
For the purposes of data storage, we recourse to the services of the hosting organizations. We take your privacy
    seriously and, therefore, encrypt your personal data before sending it to the hosting organizations for the purposes
    of its storage. Please note that we cooperate only with those hosting organizations that have passed our security
    and reliability check.
We take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data.
5. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR DATA
We generally store your data for as long as your account is in existence or as needed to provide the Services.
    However, specific period can vary based on context of the processing we perform and on our legal obligations. For
    example, we may need to retain some of your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably
    necessary to comply with our legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate interest in doing so.
When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or
    regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we cannot identify
    you.
6. WHAT RIGHTS YOU HAVE
You have certain rights in relation to personal data. If you have any requests related to your rights please contact
    us as described in section “HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US” below.
(a) Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android
    or iOS device.
Apple devices:
Open Settings
Select Privacy
Select Advertising and enable "Limit Ad Tracking"
Android devices:
Open Settings
Select Google
Select Ads and enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization"
(b) Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications from us, such as marketing emails, by following the
    instructions in such communications.
(c) Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
(d) Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and
    restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS
    location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. You may also contact your local data protection
    authority for unresolved complaints.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA
In order to help ensure a secure and safe user experience, we are continuously developing and implementing technical
    and organizational security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or
    alteration.
8. WHAT ARE AGE LIMITS FOR OUR SERVICES
We appreciate the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Our Services are intended for
    use only by those aged 16 and over. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of
    age. In order to request the deletion of personal data, for any reason, please use the in-app support feature in our
    Services or contact us at the address provided below and we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such
    personal data from our records.
9. HOW WE CAN CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change our practices and this Privacy Policy at any time. Each time you accesses our Services
    the current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you agree that the personal data will be processed subject to
    the Privacy Policy, as updated. We encourage you to check this page regularly so that you know our current
    practices.
10. HOW YOU CAN CONTACT US
If you have any questions or requests, you may contact us and our data protection officer using the in-app support
    feature in our Services, “Contact Us” form on our websites or via
support@smmhub.app
The data controller under this Privacy Policy is Feline Marketing INC, with a registered address at USA, 4034 WILLOW GROVE RD, CAMDEN WYOMING, DE 19934