Cookies
By clicking “Fine”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Fine
Learn more
Explore
About
People
More
Scan to download Stereo
Contact
FAQs
Press
Teens
Terms
Privacy
Guidelines
Transparency
Privacy Policy
Contents
Who we are?
Who can use Stereo?
How is my personal information collected and used by Stereo to provide the Stereo services to me?
How else does Stereo collect and use my data?
What is the legal basis that allows Stereo to use my data?
How long will Stereo keep my data?
What information does Stereo collect about me if I’m under the minimum age?
Who does Stereo share information with?
What information can other users access about me?
Your rights
How does Stereo protect my personal data?
Where is my personal data kept?
Why did I receive an Apple Tracking Transparency prompt?
Does Stereo collect any other personal data about me?
Does Stereo use my personal data for any other purpose?
What are ‘cookies’ and what ‘cookies’ does Stereo use?
Who we are
Stereo App Limited (12431683), a company registered in England at 5th Floor, 1 Dover Place, Ashford Commercial Quarter, Ashford, Kent, United Kingdom, TN23 1FB with company number 12431683 is the controller responsible for your personal data.
Stereo has designated a Data Protection Officer and they can be reached by emailing
dpo@stereo.com
or by post at the address above.
Who can use Stereo?
You must be aged 13 or over to use Stereo. When you sign up to use Stereo you will be asked to confirm your date of birth so that we can check that you are 13 or over. If you are not aged 13 or over you are not permitted to use Stereo.
How is my personal information collected and used by Stereo to provide the Stereo services to me?
Stereo is an audio app that allows users to talk to other users of the app who have also downloaded the Stereo app.
Registration and finding your contacts on Stereo
When you sign up to Stereo, the app will request access to the contacts on your device so that you can see contacts who are also using Stereo, and get notified in the future when your contacts download the app. Stereo users found in your contact list will show as recommended to follow in the app. They will also be able to see your name as it appears in their contact list, your Stereo username (which doesn’t need to be your real name), avatar and profile description. If you participate in one of our referral programs, you may also grant the app access to the contacts on your device to more easily invite them to become users of the app. Please ensure you have obtained contacts’ consent before sharing their personal information with us.
Stereo users found in your contact list will show as recommended to follow in the app. They will also be able to see your name as it appears in their contact list, your Stereo username (which doesn't need to be your real name), avatar and profile description.
You can follow other Stereo users, and other Stereo users can follow you. You can configure your privacy settings so that direct messages you receive from people you follow and people whose phone number is in your contacts will land in your inbox, and anybody else will need to send you a message request. You can also configure your privacy settings so that only certain other users will be able to see your past talks and posts in your profile. No one will be able to see the contact number you registered with. They will only see the limited profile information as set out above.
Location settings
If you have given the Stereo app access to your location in your device settings, when you use the Stereo app we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device’s coordinates to offer certain features to you as part of the Services. We may offer you the option to show your location at city level in your profile in the Stereo app. In such case, your location will only be visible to other users who are also sharing their location at city level. Separately, we may offer you the option to use your location in order to connect and/or engage with other users and the conversations they participate in based on your geographic location and its proximity to theirs.
If you have given the Stereo app access to your location, but wish to stop, you can do so by the following methods:
iPhone app — settings, privacy, location services, Stereo
Android — settings, security and location, location, Stereo
Profile information
You control your user profile. These details are available to you at any time by accessing your profile in Stereo. You can correct and update the information in your profile at any time but you are only able to change your date of birth once within the profile. If you have any issues, you can contact Stereo’s Customer Support Team at
support@stereo.com
Be careful about posting private and sensitive details about yourself on your profile, in talks or in voice messages. Remember that this can be seen by other Stereo users (for more on this, see
“What information can other users access about me?”
below). Any photographs, hashtags or even avatar elements that you post on Stereo may reveal these kinds of special category data such as religious beliefs, your ethnic origin, your political opinions, your health, your sexual orientation and sex life. Where you do include this type of information in your profile, you are explicitly consenting to Stereo processing your information and making this public to other users. You can change your profile at any time to remove this information.
Phone number verification
For safety and security and to ensure you have the best possible user experience, we require users to verify the mobile phone number that they use to register for a Stereo account. To do this we send a code to the mobile phone number that is provided and that code must be entered into Stereo to enable an account to be created. We want to make sure you are not a robot! And we also want to avoid fake Stereo accounts being created which can be used for malicious activities and cyber crime – they threaten the Stereo network and spoil things for everyone. We use a third party providers for account verification who will keep your phone number for up to 90 days for fraud identification purposes. The third party provider used will depend on the verification method you have chosen (currently SMS, and in certain markets, SMS and voice calls).
Linked accounts
Stereo allows you to link your account with your Facebook, Instagram or Twitter account(s). Linking a third-party social account will share some information from that account directly to your Stereo profile (for example, by allowing other users on Stereo to find your Instagram page directly from your Stereo profile).
We will only receive the limited information that Facebook, Instagram or Twitter permits to be transferred to us, as agreed between you and the relevant platform(s).
In order for that information to stop being displayed on your Stereo profile, you can delete it directly on Stereo. To stop sharing your account information from Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, you should also update your settings on that account (on Facebook, Instagram or Twitter) and follow the instructions to remove Stereo’s access permissions.
Subscribing to marketing communications
You do not need to provide us with your email address to register and begin using Stereo. From time to time, we may offer you the ability to subscribe to marketing communications by email. If you subscribe to marketing communications by email (including our newsletter, insights and any other marketing-related communications), the email address you provide will be linked to your account to enable its recovery, in case you lose your phone and/or change phone numbers. Any such emails may be provided using the services of a third party service provider, such as HubSpot. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email. After you unsubscribe, we will continue to offer you the ability to recover your account using the email address you provided. You may also separately provide your email address to us in your account settings, for account recovery, without subscribing to marketing communications.
Contests and referrals
If you participate in one of our contests, referral programs or other special activities, we may collect additional information about you as necessary to administer the program, give out any rewards, and comply with applicable laws. We describe the types of information we collect as part of these activities when you sign up to participate in them.
Moderation
To prevent abuse of the app/site, Stereo uses a team of moderators, as well as certain automated tools and decisions-making processes, to monitor and review accounts (including information used during registration and information uploaded onto user profiles), talks and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms of Service. If an account, talk, comment or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms of Service are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will automatically be blocked, or other action may be taken in accordance with our
Guidelines
. All users of accounts that have been blocked will be notified that their account has been blocked and affected users can contact Stereo to contest the decision.
Please note that if your account is blocked, any account(s) that you have on our other group platforms/applications may also be blocked as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures.
How else does Stereo collect and use my data?
Data collected automatically
When you use Stereo we automatically collect certain information, including the unique device identifier assigned to your device (“Device ID”) and other information regarding your access to or use of Stereo. We collect information about your browser type, referring domain (this is information about a third party site that you were on before you clicked through to the Stereo site) and mobile carrier. We use this information to check that it is you using Stereo, to see how you are using the Stereo service so that we can improve our services, to keep track of your preferences and to create a more tailored user experience.
Data we collect from others
In addition to the data you directly provide us, some data may be received from others, including:
Other users
: Users you interact with on Stereo might provide us with information about you from time to time. For example, another user may upload their address book to Stereo, and it may contain your phone number and full name, even if you haven’t provided this to us directly.
Third party partners
: When we publish ads with third party advertising partners, those partners may share information about the performance of those ads, and link the data to the users who consumed them (aka ‘tracking’). In some cases, the amount of tracking data our partners share with us will depend on your device settings across the board. In other cases, the amount of data we are able to collect will depend on the information you specifically opt to share with us.
Other data you choose to share with us
Tracking data
: By allowing Stereo to track you, you are consenting to Stereo obtaining certain more detailed information about you. For more information on the exact information collected when you opt in to track your activity, please consult the ‘App Privacy’ section of Stereo’s page on the App Store if you are an iPhone user, and the Data safety section on Stereo’s page in the Google Play Store if you are an Android user.
For iOS 14.5 (or later) users
: If you opt out of tracking on your device, we will not link identifiable information from third-party companies' apps and websites with identifiable information from Stereo for advertising purposes. Further information on how to control tracking settings is available
below
.
Location data: If you are prompted by the Stereo app to share your location, this is optional. If you decline permission for us to collect location data, we will not collect it, and you can still use the app. However, if you give us permission to collect your location data, we will be able to determine your latitude and longitude with a degree of accuracy that depends on the services and device you are using. Your settings may allow us to collect location information only while you are using the app, or to do so at all times. In all cases, this remains optional.
What is the legal basis that allows Stereo to use my data?
We are only permitted to use your data when we have a lawful basis to do so or there is an exception under which Stereo is allowed to use your data. The table below provides an overview of the legal bases that Stereo relies on to use your data, unless you are in Mexico or the US in which case the "Legal basis" column does not apply to you.
Purpose for which data is used
Data
Legal basis
To provide you with the Stereo app and the Stereo services
Name, date of birth, gender, photo, mobile phone number
Contract performance with the data subject/conclusion of contract with data subject
To allow you to engage in conversations with other users of the Stereo app and to allow users to listen to those conversations (both during the conversation live and at a later time once the conversation has ended)
Your conversations via the Stereo app, and any information you voluntarily make publicly available to other users during your conversation(s)
Contractual necessity, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interest to allow users to use the Stereo app to engage in conversations, and for other users to listen to those conversations (both live during the conversation and at a later time once the conversation has ended)
To help you communicate with other users and take advantage of the Services
Optional information that you choose to provide in your profile, which may include information about yourself, your work history, or your education, additional photos etc., or otherwise choose to provide, such as via chats and posts
Consent
To connect you with other users near you and allow you to listen to, and engage with, conversations with other users based on your and their respective locations
WiFi access points and location data when you use the Stereo app (if you give us permission)
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to provide this functionality as part of the Services.
To restore your access to the Stereo app and the Stereo services if your device and phone number are lost
Email address (if you have provided one)
Contractual necessity, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to restore your access to our products and services
To administer contests, referral programs and other special activities
Name, date of birth, gender, mobile phone number, referral code, any other information that you include in your profile, and conversations that you have over the app
Contractual necessity
To verify your age and identity, prevent fraud, ensure the safety and security of users and comply with tax and other applicable laws
Name, address, date of birth, mobile phone number, unique device identifier, social insurance number, taxpayer identification number or other government-issued number or identification
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, compliance with legal obligations, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to ensure that accounts are not set up fraudulently, to safeguard users of the Services, and to verify the information of users and participants in our special activities
To send you marketing-related electronic communications which you have specifically requested
Username and email address (if provided)
Consent
To send you other marketing information about our offers and services
Mobile phone number, account information
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to promote our products and services
To measure the performance of the advertising initiatives for our products and services and to optimise the delivery of ads, including by serving follow-up ads to you.
Optional tracking information you choose to share through your mobile device’s privacy settings.
The data we collect from third party partners is set out in Stereo’s page on the Apple App Store and Google Play Store, as applicable.
Consent
To show city location information to you and other users
Location data when you use the Services
Consent
To take payment for fee- based services and to process cash-outs
PayPal ID, name, address, payment card details, bank account details, iTunes account details, type of payments, amounts paid and withdrawn
Contract performance with the data subject/conclusion of contract with data subject or legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to make this feature available to users as part of the Services and to promote our products and services.
To contact you in order to run surveys for research purposes and to obtain feedback
Email address and mobile phone number
If you are in Chile, consent.
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to make this function available to users as part of the Services. Such surveys are optional.
To carry out research and analysis to help us improve the Services
Log and usage data, including IP address, traffic statistics, clickstream data, mobile carrier and search terms
If you are in Chile or Russia, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to analyse the way in which users are accessing and using our services so that we can further develop and improve the Services
To respond to correspondence and queries that you submit to us
Mobile phone number, account information, email address, IP address and any information you provide in your correspondence and queries
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to respond to your queries to ensure that we provide a good service to users and troubleshoot problems
To block accounts as part of our anti-spam procedures
Email address, phone number, IP address and IP session information, username, user agent string
If you are in Chile, consent.
Otherwise, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorised behaviour and to maintain the safety and security of our services
To block payment transactions as part of our anti-fraud procedures
Name, IP address,email address,mobile number, cardholder name, payments received, type of payment, user ID, country
Legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to prevent unauthorised behaviour and to maintain the safety and security of our services
To help you and others find people you may know.
Contact list from your device
Consent
To help you filter inbound messages from people you do know from those you don’t.
Contact list from your device
If you are 18 or over, consent.
If you are under 18, compliance with legal obligations, legitimate interests – it is in our legitimate interests to safeguard underage users of the Services.
To enable you to invite others to join the app and participate in one of our referral programs.
Contact list from your device
Consent
How long will Stereo keep my data?
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as set out above) and as permitted by applicable law.
In practice, we delete or anonymise (if permitted by applicable law) your information (other than conversations with other active users) upon deletion of your account, unless:
we must keep it to comply with applicable law;
we must keep it to evidence our compliance with applicable law;
there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
to the extent permitted by law, the information may be kept for our legitimate business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users’ safety and security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who was banned for unsafe behaviour or security incidents from opening a new account, or to enable you to re-activate and restore your account during the 30 days after you close your account.
Please note that your conversations with other users via the Stereo app may not be deleted if you delete your account if these conversations are with other active users of the Stereo app. In addition, deleted information may persist for up to 30 days in backup copies, after you close your account, to enable restoration.
Where Stereo uses machine learning, for example, to help us detect and prevent fraudulent card transactions, and to detect and prevent spam communications on the app (as explained above), we may need to keep personal information for a longer period than the retention periods explained above, to enable the machine learning to work properly, and if it is permitted by applicable laws. Where this is the case, we always seek to minimise the amount of personal information that is used and we ensure that it is ring-fenced and kept securely from other user personal information. We regularly review the period for which personal information is required for machine learning purposes and delete any identifiable information when it is no longer required.
What information does Stereo collect about me if I’m under the minimum age to use Stereo?
Stereo does not knowingly collect any information about or market to anyone under the minimum age set out in the “Who can use Stereo?” section above. If we become aware that somebody who is under the minimum age years old has registered with us and provided us with personal data, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration and delete their profile information from Stereo. If we do delete a profile because you violated our age restriction rules, we may retain your mobile number and IP address to ensure that you do not try to get around our rules by creating a new profile.
Who does Stereo share information with?
We may share aggregated information that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you directly), together with other information including log data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.
In addition, we share your data with the following categories of third-parties:
Information technology companies (hardware and software) which provide services to support our products
Fraud prevention and anti-spam providers to protect the service from criminal activity
Moderators to monitor activity on the site/apps and approve content
Law enforcement agencies, where we are required to by law, where there is an investigation into alleged criminal behaviour, or to protect the vital interests of a person
We ensure these parties must adhere to strict data protection and confidentiality provisions that are consistent with this Policy. Measures are taken to ensure that the data shared is non-attributable to the greatest extent possible.
In the event that Stereo or any of its affiliates undergoes a business transition or change of ownership, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, re- organisation, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, or in the event of insolvency or administration, we may be required to disclose your personal data.
Your data may be shared with other Stereo group companies, for example, to block accounts and suspected fraudulent payment transactions as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures.
What information can other users access about me?
You can use and enjoy Stereo without sharing any personal information with other users. Please be careful about what information you do share.
Information you share openly
When you disclose information in a post or a talk (whether as a participant or in a voice message), you are sharing information with any other users, and doing so publicly. Your past posts, replies to other people’s posts and your talk history will appear in your profile. The same applies to other information you share on your profile. Please be careful about posting sensitive information in posts, replies, talks or on your profile (ex: medical history, political or religious views). This also applies to information you share in group chats, which may be visible to any future members of the group chat (more on this below!).
You may choose to include personal information on your profile, including by writing a bio. Other personal information may be derived from any hashtags, avatar settings or accessories, or badges you add to your profile. However, adding any personal information to your profile is 100% optional. Where you choose to upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other users.All or part of your Stereo profile, the content you create on Stereo, and other information added through third party accounts (see “Linked accounts” above) may be viewed by both users and non-users of the app via the web. Similarly, your profile may be shared using a direct URL (stereo.com/username) or Stereo’s in-app sharing functionality.
If you are under 18, we may by default limit some or all adult users outside your age category from accessing certain information you share openly on Stereo, but that information will still be visible to users in your age category. In addition, we may restrict users from outside your age category who do not follow you or have your phone number in their contact lists from actively being shown content you share publicly (example: in the ‘For You’ section when they use the App), but information you share publicly may still be found on your profile, depending on your privacy settings. We will apply default privacy settings that we believe are appropriate for your age group. It is important that you regularly review your privacy settings and ensure that you are comfortable with them.
If you are an adult user, we may limit users under 18 from accessing certain information you share openly on Stereo if we believe it is inappropriate for their age category, but that information will still be visible to users in your age category.
Information you share in group chats
Although group chats themselves are not publicly searchable by users who are not yet part of the group, each group can be joined by any user with a valid invitation link. Any member of a group chat can generate an invitation link, and each link can be used multiple times by different users.
When you share information in a group chat, that information will be visible to users who join the group in the future. You should assume that such information will be made publicly available, even if there are currently only a few people in your group chat.
Information you share directly to other users or privately
When you disclose information directly to a user (for example, using Stereo’s messenger function), we do not make it accessible for additional users to see. In addition, we may enable you to restrict the visibility of your posts, talks, in which case only certain restricted groups of users (determined by your settings) will be able to access that information.
However, you should assume that anything you disclose, even in a closed talk or a direct message, isn’t going to stay private forever, and may even be shared by the other user by taking a screenshot or screen recording. If you wish to receive a transcript of your messages with another user, we may only share it with you with that user’s consent.
Note that chats configured as a ‘group chat’ are not the same as direct messages – they may be joined by any user with a valid invitation link, and the chat history will be visible to them (see above).
Please also note that in certain countries, under local law, users have the right to download a copy of their conversation history, and we can’t control how they use it.
Blocked users
When you block another user on Stereo, we limit the amount of your information that the blocked user’s account can see about you, and the ways they can interact with you, the talks you participate in on Stereo or the content you publish on Stereo.
If you are having any issues with a user you have blocked, or you believe that user has breached our
Terms of Service
, please report them to us from within the app or contact
support@stereo.com
.
Following up on reports
If someone reports you for bad behaviour on Stereo (for example: breaching our
Terms of Use
), in addition to the actions we may take under our
Guidelines
, we may provide them with further details on any action taken as a result of their report.
Your rights
UK/EU
Under UK and European law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with data protection regulators. If you are based or the issue you would like to complain about took place in the UK, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find out how to raise a concern with the ICO by visiting their website at
www.ico.org.uk
. If you’re based or the issue you would like to complain about took place within the European Economic Area, you can complain to your local data protection regulator and a list of their contact details can be found
here
.
You have a number of rights under UK/European data protection law.
Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this notice).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it corrected.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing: in limited circumstances, you have the right to request that processing is stopped but the data retained.
Right to data portability: you can request a copy of your data in a machine-readable form that can be transferred to another provider.
Right to object: in certain circumstances (including where data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests or for the purposes of marketing) you may object to that processing.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances your rights include the right to ensure that there is human intervention in the decision-making process.
If you want to exercise any of your rights listed above please visit Feedback Page or email us at
dpo@stereo.com
. You can also contact us by post at 5th Floor, 1 Dover Place, Ashford Commercial Quarter, Ashford, Kent, United Kingdom, TN23 1FB.
California
If you are a California resident, please note the following about how we collect, use and disclose your personal information, including additional rights you may have to your personal information:
CA Personal Information
. Consistent with the
“What is the legal basis that allows Stereo to use my data”
section above, we may collect certain categories of information about California residents, such as:
Identifiers
: name, gender, address, data of birth, photo, mobile phone number, e-mail address, IP address, username, device ID and contact list; if a California resident participates in certain programs or contests we administer, we may also ask them to provide social security number, taxpayer identification number, and government-issued number or identification;
Commercial Information
: PayPal ID, payments received, type of payment, and details of payments;
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
: traffic statistics, clickstream data, mobile carrier, and search terms;
Geolocation Data
: physical location of a California resident’s mobile device;
Audio information
: audio streams and recordings;
Professional or employment-related information
: if a California resident submits an application to work for us, we may collect their professional or employment-related information and work history;
Education information
: if a California resident participates in certain programs we administer, we may collect information about their educational institution.
The above categories of personal information correspond with the categories of personal information listed under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(o)(1)(A), (D), (F), (G), (H), (I) and (J).
Sources of CA Personal Information
. Consistent with the
“How is my personal information used by Stereo to provide the Stereo services to me?”
section above, we may collect personal information directly from California residents, and automatically when they use Stereo.
Use of CA Personal Information
. We process California residents’ personal information for the purposes outlined in the
“What is the legal basis that allows Stereo to use my data”
section above.
CA Personal Information Sold or Disclosed for Business Purposes.
Sharing Personal Information for Business Purposes
: We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: Identifiers, Commercial Information, Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity, Geolocation Data, and other information to information technology, fraud prevention and anti-spam services providers.
No Sale of Personal Information
: We do not sell California residents’ personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
CA Privacy Rights
. If you are a California resident and subject to certain exceptions, you may have the following rights:
Right to Know and Delete
: you may have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell about you specifically (“right to know”) and/or to delete the personal information we hold about you. To submit a request to exercise these rights, please submit an email request to
support@stereo.com
and include “CCPA Request” in the subject line. To protect your and others’ privacy and security, we will verify your identity before responding to any request, and may ask you to provide us with information matching the identifiers and commercial information already maintained by Stereo about you or additional proof where necessary. If you are making this request on behalf of someone else, we may request the authorized agent provide us with a copy of a valid power of attorney or evidence of the written authorization. You will not be penalized or discriminated against for exercising your                rights to your personal information.
Right to Opt-Out (“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”)
. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by a business. We do not sell your personal information.
Shine the Light
: California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you can write to us at
dpo@stereo.com
.
“Do Not Track”
: Under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party online services, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our users’ personal information over time and across third-party online services. This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator’s service. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual user’s online activities over time and across different online services when using the app.
Russia
Under Russian law you have the right to obtain information relating to your personal data. You have the right to obtain from us rectification of your personal data, its blocking or erasure where personal data is incomplete, irrelevant, inaccurate or unlawfully processed, or is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was processed, as well to take any other measures to protect your rights in accordance with the law.
Argentina
Under Argentine law, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection regulator.
If you live in Argentina, you have a number of rights under Argentine Data Protection law, for instance:
Right to be informed: what personal data an organisation is processing and why (we provide this information to you in this notice).
Right of access: you can request a copy of your data.
Right of update/rectification: if the data held is inaccurate, you have the right to have it updated/rectified.
Right to erasure: you have the right to have your data deleted in certain circumstances.
Rights related to automated decision-making including profiling: there are several rights in this area where processing carried out on a solely automated basis results in a decision which has legal or significant effects for the individual. In these circumstances your rights include the right to request an understandable explanation of the logic applied in the automated decision-making process.
In Argentina the data owner is entitled to exercise the right of access to his/her/its personal data free of charge at intervals of not less than six months, unless a legitimate interest to that effect is established in accordance with article 14, paragraph 3 of Law No. 25,326. THE PUBLIC INFORMATION ACCESS AGENCY, in its capacity as the Control Entity of Law No. 25,326, has the power to attend complaints and claims filed by those whose rights are affected due to breaches of applicable regulations on personal data protection. The data owner may at any time request the removal or blocking of his/her/its name from the databases referred to in this article. Every communication for advertising purposes that is carried out by mail, telephone, email, Internet or any other future remote means, shall state expressly and prominently the possibility of the data owner to request the withdrawal or blockage, in whole or in part, of his/her/its name from the database. At the request of the interested party, the name of the person responsible or user of the database that provided the information must be reported.
Mexico
If you are in Mexico you have at all times the right to access and view the information we have about you: likewise, you have the right to require such information to be corrected or cancelled; you may oppose our use of your personal data for specific purposes and/or revoke at any time the consent you granted us for the processing of your personal data to the extent permitted by the law. In order to exercise such rights or to ask any questions or complain in relation to the processing of your personal data please contact our Personal Data Department ("PDD"). Please address your request to the following email: PDD@stereo.com.
Your requests will be evaluated in the terms set out in the applicable laws. Our PDD will communicate to you (i) the information required for your identification as well as the documents needed to be sent alongside your request; (ii) the time periods in which you will receive an answer to your request; (iii) how you should file your request, including the forms that you may use to file your request, if any, and; (iv) the form or means in which we will deliver you the information.
In addition, you may limit the use or disclosure of your personal data by sending your request to the PDD at PDD@stereo.com.
If your request is appropriate, the PDD will register you on the exclusion list for the purpose for which the exclusion is applicable.
How does Stereo protect my personal data?
Stereo has implemented security measures intended to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including your personal data. Our technical experts at Stereo work hard to ensure your secure use of our site.
While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches of our website, member database and records, no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. We urge you to take steps to keep your personal data safe (including your password) and to log out of your account after use. If you lose your password or give it out, or another service provider that you use suffers a data breach and you have used the same credentials with that service provider as you have with Stereo, your personal data may be compromised. If that happens, please report it to Support via Feedback Page.
Where is my personal data kept?
We want you to be able to access Stereo wherever you happen to be in the world. To enable us to provide that service, we operate a global network of servers including in the US and UK. The hardware is located in third-party data centres but is owned by Amazon. If your personal information is transferred from the UK or the European Union to other countries outside the UK or European Union respectively, we ensure that the data is adequately protected by ensuring that valid, legal mechanisms are in place, such as approved model clauses (which can be found here), and implementing robust contractual standards. If you want more information relating to the nature of the safeguards we have in place please email
dpo@stereo.com
.
Why did I receive an Apple Tracking Transparency prompt?
If you are an iOS 14.5 (or later) user: Apple’s App Tracking Transparency (ATT) framework requires Stereo (like all app developers) to ask iOS users for permission before collecting data about them from other companies' apps and websites for advertising targeting or measurement purposes.
Stereo will display the ATT prompt prior to connecting identifiable data collected from Stereo with identifiable data from other companies' apps and websites for advertising purposes.
You can opt in or out of tracking at any time as follows:
On your iPhone, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Tracking, where you can see a list of all the apps that have requested to track your activity
Tap to turn Stereo’s permission to track on or off.
Does Stereo collect any other personal data about me?
If you contact our Customer Support team via Feedback Page, we will receive your email address, and may track your IP address as well as the information you send to us to help resolve your query. We will keep records of our communications with you, including any complaints that we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you) for 6 years after deletion of your account.
Does Stereo use my personal data for any other purpose?
We may use your personal data to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our
Terms of Service
.
From time to time we may run surveys for research purposes and we may contact you to find out if you would like to take part. Such surveys are optional and more information will be provided at the point of contact. We may also contact you for feedback purposes. If you do not wish to be contacted to take part in a survey, please contact our Customer Support Team at our Feedback Page.
What are ‘cookies’ and what ‘cookies’ does Stereo use?
We collect information by placing cookies on your computer or mobile. A cookie is a piece of text stored on your computer or mobile by your web browser. They are basically a tool that stores information about website visits, recognises you and your preferences each time you visit Stereo, and ensures site functionality and enables us to provide the services our members request.
When you visit the publicly available sections of Stereo, a session ID cookie is placed on your computer that only lasts while you’re visiting. We also place persistent cookies (also known as local storage devices) on your device, so that Stereo remembers you and makes your login experience faster and easier. We may use persistent tracking cookies on your mobile device, mainly for security protection purposes, such as to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log in attempts, and to help you access your hacked account. We do not use any information whilst you are logged off.
You may set your browser and your mobile settings to block cookies and local storage devices, but if you do so, you may not be able to access the features that Stereo offers.
Stereo’s use of cookies and local storage devices basically falls into the following categories:
cookies related to the performance of Stereo’s site, such as analytics that help us determine how our site is performing and ensuring a smooth and trouble-free experience for our members and visitors;
cookies related to the functionality of Stereo’s site, such as remembering your preferences at log in or your preferred language or allowing you to chat, add photos and message Stereo users; and
third party cookies which link to other social networks and which you request via social plugins.
Stereo uses cookies and local storage devices so that we know who you are, what interests you have and so that you can do the things online that you want to do, like chat with new people and share your content knowing that your data will be secure. Below is a table to explain Stereo’s cookie functions and why they’re used.
Cookie Functions
Cookie Purposes
Analytics and research
Stereo uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Stereo site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, please visit
http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/
Authentication
These cookies help us to identify our members so that when you’re logged in, you can enjoy Stereo’s offerings, experiences and various features, such as uploading photographs or when you’ve asked Stereo to ‘remember me’. These cookies also help to remember who invited you to join Stereo.
Security and site integrity
We use cookies and other devices, such as CAPTCHAs, to help keep Stereo and our members safe and secure. These cookies do things like protect Stereo users from spam and fraud.
We may use persistent cookies, which will help us to ensure we have identified the same device is logging into the correct account. These types of cookies also help with our anti-spam measures and may help us to prevent phishers, scammers, unauthorised log-in attempts to your account and accessing any hacked accounts.
Site features and services
These cookies and local storage devices provide the functionality that our Stereo users enjoy, such as uploading of photographs, chats and your account settings.
In some cases, the site feature you choose may allow a third party to place cookies or local storage devices on your computer. The third party who places cookies on your device is responsible for how they process their data and Stereo recommends that you read their privacy policies. Third parties who place cookies on your device when you use Stereo include the following, and we have included a link to their privacy policies:
Twitter,
https://twitter.com/privacy
Facebook,
https://en-gb.facebook.com/policy.php
YouTube,
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Performance
We need to use certain cookies and local storage devices to ensure our members have the best possible experience, such as assisting with your navigation of our site, ensuring pages load up quickly and respond faster to your requests for Stereo services.
Our use of cookies and local share devices, including the specific cookie names, may change over time, but will generally fall into the above categories. We will notify you of any important changes to our use of cookies and local storage devices. If you would like to know more about cookies, including flash cookies/local storage devices, and/or how to disable them, the following websites provide useful information:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Privacy Policy or to the purposes for processing your data will be communicated to you by means that are reasonable, such as by email or a notification on our app. To the extent permitted by law, changes will be effective from the day after publication, unless we let you know otherwise. To the extent permitted by law, your use of our site/app after the Privacy Policy has been updated means you consent to the changes, where applicable.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 21 June 2023.
Follow Us
English
English
Français
Deutsch
Español
© Stereo,
2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://twitter.com/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your
parent or guardian to do so on your behalf
). We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us
here
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account. You can find additional resources for parents and teens
here
.
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
