Support
Download
Order Now
About Us
Resources
Privacy Policy
Webby App values your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect about you and why, what we may do with that information and how we handle it. It applies to the iOS and Android Webby App apps, and the Webby App web service with associated macOS and Windows apps (jointly and severally, the Service). By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
What information do you collect about me?
If you choose to create an account in our app, we store:
Your username in the form of an email address, and password;
Your webinar subscriptions, registered sessions, session filters, session data and settings configuration;
Your device language;
A count of failed sign in attempts for your account;
The date and time you last synced with our server.
If you turn on push notifications in the app, we store the push token Apple provides us in order to deliver those push notifications to your device.
If you choose not to create an account, and don’t use push notifications, no data is stored about you on our servers.
Webby App web service also uses cookies and like technologies to keep you logged in.
Should you choose to generate a support request from within the Service, we may generate an attachment containing additional data to assist in addressing your support request which you’re welcome to view prior to submission.
Why do you collect information about me?
To provide the Service to you;
To provide effective support to you during your use of the Service;
To secure your account against unauthorized access;
To aggregate subscription data to generate the webinars displayed in the Discover section, for the benefit of the Webby App community.
Will you send me emails?
If you have registered for an account, we may from time to time contact you with information that we deem important to you as a registered user. We will never spam you or advertise to you.
Will you share my information?
No.
We will only disclose your information if we have your consent to do so, we are compelled to do so by law, or we do so in connection with the sale or reorganization of the Service.
How is my data stored?
The data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy will be securely stored on our servers. We use a variety of technologies to encrypt and secure your information to prevent access by unauthorized parties.
Can I delete my information?
Yes.
You can delete your sync account by contacting us via support@webby.app
After complying with your request all your data will be deleted and you will no longer be able to sign into your account. Any support requests will be retained for our records.
Can I have a copy of my information?
Yes.
You can request a copy of the data we have stored about you by contacting us via support@webby.app.
Will This Privacy Policy Ever Change?
We may need to update this Policy to reflect changes in the Service, our business and applicable laws. We will, however, always maintain our commitment to respect your privacy. We will post any revisions to this Policy on our website. Your continuation of use of the Service after any change means that you agree with, and consent to be bound by, the new Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: 18 September 2019
Working...