Tools
Tutorials
Download
Pricing
Remove Background
Profile
Logout
Log In
🔥 Remove Unwanted Objects from Photo with
Inpaint
This website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Learn More
Got It
Privacy Policy
How do we use uploaded images?
We transfer them over secured connection and use them only to remove the background and then offer you the result
	for download. We do not share them with third parties, do not publish them and do nothing else with them.
What Personal Information Does PhotoScissors Collect?
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services. We collect the
	following types of information from our customers:
Personal Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or provide to us in any other way. The types of
	Personal Information collected include your full name, email address, IP address, browser information, username,
	password and any other information necessary for us to provide you with our services. You can choose not to provide
	us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of certain features. The Personal
	Information you provide is used for such purposes as answering questions, sending product updates, and communicating
	with you about PhotoScissors's products and services, including specials and new features.
Personal Information Collected Automatically
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or use our services.
	PhotoScissors automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP
	address, cookie information, and the page you requested.
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to
	our Website and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show.
	PhotoScissors only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that
	would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of
	the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve
	those services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how
	our customers, collectively, use our Website or services. We share this type of statistical data so that our
	partners also understand how often people use the Website or services, so that they, too, may provide you with an
	optimal online experience. Again, PhotoScissors never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that
	would identify you personally.
Cookies
We use cookies to make your visit to our website attractive and to allow the use of certain features. Cookies are
	small text files that the website saves on your computer in order to recognize it (permanent cookies). These may
	contain information about your use of the website. The information contained in the cookies is used to store the
	individual selections made by you (e.g. the items you place in a shopping cart) so that they can be retrieved if you
	leave the page and return to it later. We also use cookies to create non-personalized statistics. Cookies are
	automatically accepted by most web browsers. You can prevent this by changing the settings in your browser. You can
	remove cookies stored on your computer at any time by deleting the temporary internet files. Data processing is
	based on your consent.
Managing Your Information
You can delete an account with all Personal Information you have provided to us at the
profile
page.
	If you are unable to do so, or have any questions about Personal Information we have collected and/or shared about
	you, or would like to withdraw your consent for our processing (i.e. entirely delete your account) please contact us
	at
support@teorex.com
.
E-mail Communications
We compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary
	messages to our customers. When you receive e-mail from PhotoScissors, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails
	by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. You cannot opt out of receiving certain types of account
	management emails such as signup confirmation, receipts of purchases made and the like.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
PhotoScissors may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the
	Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal
	Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. Users are bound
	by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Website after such changes have been first posted.
Would you like to download PhotoScissors for iOS