Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Privacy Notice
Privacy notice
Share
Our Privacy Notice is set out below
Introduction
This website
www.coca-colahellenic.com
is operated by a member of the Coca-Cola HBC group of companies, the ultimate holding company of which is Coca-Cola HBC AG (registered in Switzerland with company number CHE - 235.296.902 and registered address at Turmstrasse 26, 6312 Steinhausen, Switzerland).
All references to 'our', 'us', 'we', or 'company' within this policy and within the opt-in notice are deemed to refer to Coca-Cola HBC AG and its subsidiaries, as appropriate.
Coca-Cola HBC is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to
www.coca-colahellenic.com
and to protecting any personal data that you may provide to us.
We provide this Privacy Notice to help you to understand what we do with any personal data that we obtain from you. By providing your personal data to us, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Notice and agree that we collect, use, and disclose your personal data as described in this Privacy. If you do not agree to this Notice, please do not provide your personal details to us.
This Privacy Policy notice covers the following areas:
What is personal data
Personal data that we collect from you and use of data collected
Cookie Policy
Disclosures. Who are the recipients of your personal data
How we protect your personal data
Contacting us and your rights to access and update your personal data
How changes to this Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy will be made
What is personal data?
Personal data is information about an identifiable individual, as defined by applicable law, such as name, email address and telephone number.
Personal data that we collect from you and use of data collected
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the source IP addresses, for IT reasons, enabling you to connect to our platform providing you with our services, not the email addresses, of visitors. In addition, there are parts of this website where we need to collect personal data from you for a specific purpose, such as to provide you with certain information you request and where requested to register you to our website.
We do this through the use of online forms and every time you email us your details. You will find that it is not compulsory to provide us with any additional information we request which is not necessary or reasonable in order to provide you with the services you have requested.
Data Subject
Collected Data
Purposes for the collection
Justification of the collection
Visitor of our Website
IP address, domain name, your browser version and operating system, traffic data, location data, web logs
to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed
legitimate interest to measure the use and to improve the content of our website
name, email address received from the visitor of our website
to provide you with information about our promotional offers, news, events (newsletters and other publications), the Investor Relations or copies of our Annual Reports and to administrate subscription-service records (to a corporate webcast service or to an email alert service)
your prior consent by ticking the appropriate box when providing your personal data to us
name, address, telephone, fax number, email address; received from the visitor of our website
to response to your inquiries or to process your requests in relation to your information
to take appropriate steps at your request prior to entering into a contract
Business Customer / Supplier
name, address, telephone, fax number, email address, tax data, bank account; received from our business customer/supplier.
for sales and supply of goods and services order taking, delivery execution, invoicing, payment allocation, to provide or receive the requested goods and services and for marketing and promotional initiatives.
performance of our mutual contractual obligations
name, address, telephone number, email address received from our business customer/supplier
for maintenance of the business relationship and evaluation of the level of our services (such as through customer satisfaction surveys, etc.)
our legitimate interest to maintain our business relationships, to evaluate the customer experience, identify improvement areas for the performance and development of our business and proceed with corrective actions if needed.
from our business customer/supplier
evaluation of the level of our services (such as through customer satisfaction surveys, etc.)
business relationships, to evaluate the customer experience, identify improvement areas for the performance and development of our business and proceed with corrective actions if needed.
name, telephone number, email address received from our business customers
To contact our customers for marketing and promotional purposes/initiatives relating to products/services offered by us
our legitimate interest for the performance and development of our business or consent (as needed).
creditworthiness, criminal/fraudulent activities, ID documents, credit ratings, politically exposed person and sanctions lists.
anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, sanctions, Know Your Customer, Credit and Anti-Fraud Checks.
compliance with legal obligations, contract performance, consent (as needed), legitimate interest.
Potential Business Customer / Potential Supplier
name, address, telephone, fax number, email address, tax data, bank account; received from our business customer/supplier
For pre-contractual evaluations & assessments of potential customers and suppliers (e.g. Tender process) and for taking steps at your request before entering into a contract with us
our legitimate interest or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract with us.
Name, telephone number, email address
To contact you for marketing and promotional purposes/initiatives relating to products/services offered by us
Your prior consent
creditworthiness, criminal/fraudulent activities, ID documents, credit ratings, politically exposed person, and sanctions lists.
anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, sanctions, Know Your Customer, Credit and Anti-Fraud Check.
compliance with legal obligations, consent (as needed), legitimate interest.
Contact Person of the Customer / Supplier
name, address, telephone, fax number, email address, SMS notification preferences, personal preferences;
to contact the customer/supplier for business purpose (e.g. order taking, service request), for maintenance of the customer relationship, providing updates to customers for marketing and promotional initiatives.
performance of our mutual contractual obligations or based on our legitimate interest for the performance and development of our business or consent (as needed).
Consumer
name, address, telephone, address, fax number, and email address. ID number and Tax. Code
Engaging consumers in advertising or promotional initiatives
performance of our services on the basis of the terms of advertising or promotional initiatives
name, telephone number, address, and email address
to respond to reported issues with products or questions on our products on the toll-free consumer service telephone line
legitimate interest to ensure the quality and safety of our products, provide our services and ensure our consumers satisfaction
Job Applicant
Name, address, telephone, email address, professional qualifications, experience, and education; submitted by the job applicant
candidate management, to assess your application and to contact you via phone or email
legitimate interest to assess your application prior to entering into an employment contract with us
Consent in order to retain your data for other job opportunities
Publicly available data of the job applicant on contact information, social links, professional qualifications, experience, and education
Candidate management, to enhance, validate and update applicant data to ensure validity and completeness
Consent
Video interview recording
To conduct interview process
Consent
Results of tests and assessments during the recruitment process
Candidate management, to conduct  evaluation of individual skills and competencies
Consent
For further clarifications as per your application to Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company AG (“CCHBC“) team, kindly access our
Global Candidate Privacy Notice
.
Startup founder / Startup employees
team lead name, email address, professional social media link and location
name, title, and short bio of selected core team members
financial data of the startup
To offer implementation support to startups, to help startups grow and scale through cooperation with our business units
To assess investment and/or partnership opport
unity
As concerns all personal data required for the performance of our contract with you / your company, if you do not provide us with this personal data, we may not be able to deliver the requested service as mentioned in the above. On the contrary, for all data processing where you give your consent, you are entitled to refuse or withdraw your consent at any time without any detrimental impact on any contact you may have with us.
When personal data, such as your name and email address, is collected from you with your consent (for example, through the use of online forms or via email) we will let you know at the time of collection how we will use that personal data.
Disclosures. Who are the recipients of your personal data?
The personal data you provide to us will be held in a Data center hosted in Crawley, UK, by a company named Rackspace, whose secondary site is in Ireland, and can be accessed by or given to our staff working outside UK and to third parties, to business partners, government bodies and law enforcement agencies, successors in title to our business and suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf, some of whom are located outside the European Economic Area, who act for us for the purposes and justifications set out in this policy.
Categories of the recipient
Purpose of the sharing
companies within the Coca-Cola Hellenic group of companies and/or third-party service providers that process data on our behalf
to provide our products and services
any third-party service providers any subsidiary/affiliate of Coca‑Cola HBC involved by us in the provision of the services you requested or requested by us for the purposes above listed
performance of the services you requested
business partner
performance of the services you requested
government bodies
to fulfil a legal obligation
law enforcement agencies
to fulfil a legal obligation
successors in title to our business and suppliers
performance of the services you requested
credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies, companies within the Coca‑Cola Hellenic group of companies and/or third-party service providers that process data on our behalf
anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, sanctions, Know Your Customer, Credit and Anti-Fraud Check
If you submit personal information to us, you agree to such sharing.
Are your personal data transferred outside the EU?
Are your personal data transferred outside the EU? Since Coca-Cola HBC operates in many countries, your personal data, in particular the data which you upload through the Careers section of the Site, may be accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside the EU in which data protection laws may be of a lower standard than in the EU. However we always seek to ensure that your personal data receives the same level of protection as it would had it stayed within the EU, including seeking to ensure that it is kept secure and used only in accordance with our instructions and for the agreed purpose(s).
Certain countries outside the EU have been approved by the European Commission as providing essentially equivalent protections to EU data protection laws and therefore no additional safeguards are required to export personal information to these jurisdictions (see the full list here http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm). In countries which have not had these approvals (such as Russia), we will either ask for your consent to the transfer or transfer it subject to European Commission approved contractual terms that impose equivalent data protection obligations directly on the recipient unless we are permitted under applicable data protection law to make such transfers without such formalities.
Please contact us as set out in Contact us section below if you would like to see a copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal data.
All of the parties outside the EU to which personal data will be transferred process data, fulfil and deliver orders and provide support services on our behalf. We may also pass aggregate information on the usage of our site to third parties, but this will not include information that can be used to identify you. We reserve the right to disclose your personal data as required by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on us.
Unless required to do so by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the personal data you provide to us without your consent.
Finally, if our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your data will be disclosed to our new business partners or owners.
How we protect your personal data
Users aged 16 and under
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent's or guardian's permission before you provide any personal data to us. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal data.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Notice. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their Privacy Policies, which may differ from ours. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies or processing of your personal data. We encourage you to read the privacy and cookie notices and terms and conditions of any linked, referenced, or interfacing websites you enter before you submit any personal data to such third-party websites.
Security of data collected and data retention
We employ strict physical, electronic, and administrative security measures to protect your data from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage both online and offline. We will retain your data for as long as necessary for said purpose of the collection and after that we will retain your data as long as the law requires.
CCHBC retains personal data in an identifiable format only for the interval that is necessary as identified by the purposes of processing for which data are collected.
CCHBC must not keep personal data for longer than necessary to fulfil the identified lawful business purposes or as long as required by applicable law.
CCHBC establishes a personal data retention period in accordance with relevant laws and regulations as part of the record of processing activities.
CCHBC must justify the requirements to retain personal data for periods longer than the maximum retention period as per business and regulatory requirements if required.
Some data must be retained in order to protect the company's interests, preserve evidence, and generally conform to good business practices. Some reasons for data retention include:
• Litigation
• Accident investigation
• Security incident investigation
• Regulatory requirements
• Intellectual property preservation
Internet-based transfers and disclaimer
Whereas Coca-Cola HBC AG employs reasonable measures to protect against viruses and other harmful components, the nature of the internet is such that it is impossible to ensure that your access to the website will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that this website, its servers or emails which may be sent by us are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Contacting us and your rights to access and update your personal data
Accessing, updating and deleting data
You are entitled to see the personal data we hold about you; you may also ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date or to delete the personal data we hold about you. You may also inform us if you would like to restrict the data processing or object to the processing of personal data, we hold about you. If you wish to do this, please contact us using the contact details provided at the
Contact us
section below. You are also entitled to provide the personal data we hold about you to another service provider of your choice.
Withdrawing the consent
In case we asked you for your consent to process personal data we hold about you, you can withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before the withdrawal. If you wish to do this, please
Contact us
using the contact details provided at the Contact us section below.
Complaint
You have the right to lodge a complaint before the national data protection authority by sending your claim to it. Country Data Protection Authority contacts can be found at
http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080
.
Contacting us
If you have any comments relating to our use of your personal data or any questions about this Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice, please contact us using the following e-mail address: DataProtectionOffice@cchellenic.com. We welcome your questions and any suggestions you may have about our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.
To formally exercise your rights in relation to your personal data we process, please submit a request accessing the below link:
Web Form
or contact us using the following email address: DataProtectionOffice@cchellenic.com
How changes to this Privacy Policy and the Cookies Policy will be made
Please check this Privacy Notice and the Cookies Notice periodically to be informed of any changes. Although we reserve the right to modify or supplement this policy, we will provide notice to you on this website of any major changes for at least 30 days following the change and, where appropriate, through email notification.
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Performance
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label