We at YUEYOO Team know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously.  Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.  By using or accessing the Service in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
1. PRIVACY POLICY
Our games (“YUEYOO Team”), our advertising activities on all platforms as described below, and other services that we may provide to you from time to time. In this policy we refer to our Website, Games, advertising activities, and other services collectively as our “Services.”
The Policy is an agreement between YUEYOO Team and you, as the user of our Services (“you”). The Policy tells you when this agreement is effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information you provided to us, how we may change this policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected.
2. AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF PRIVACY POLICY AND END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
IMPORTANT: By downloading, installing, accessing, using, and playing our Games, or interacting with our Website or other Services, you agree to the terms set forth in this Policy, including the collection and processing of your personal information. If you do not agree with any term provided herein, you must not provide us with any personal information; you must immediately leave and discontinue use of the Website; you must not download, install, access, use, and/or play the Games; and we request that you promptly erase all of our Games from your mobile device.
3. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us:
We may receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, if you reach out to us for support, we may collect Personal Information you specifically provide to us (if any). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Service through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Service is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, if you created an account with us by authorizing us to connect to your Facebook profile, we may collect any Personal Information you have made available through that profile. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Further Details:
Website. You are not required to provide any personally identifiable information to us to visit the Website unless you choose to access features on the Website that require such information, for example, using the “Contact Us” page of the Website.
PURCHASES. Note that when you purchase items via our Games (such as those you can purchase in the Apple Store, on Google Play, or on Facebook) we do not collect or store any payment information from you. If you would like to know what data is collected or how payment information is processed, please familiarize yourself with the app store’s privacy policy.
SPECIFIC TYPES OF INFORAMATION. Depending on which of our Services you interact with we may collect and process the following kinds of information:
personal identifiers (such as advertising identifiers when available on a device) and device identifiers (such as IP address, carrier user ID, Media Access Control (MAC) address or social network ID). We may collect, use, and provide access to your advertising identifier in accordance with the applicable platform provider's policies. We are also able to identify when you install a Game as a result of advertisements and/or campaigns that we launch on other services, including in social networks or platforms (e.g. on Facebook or otherwise) and the source-ad which led to such installation, and when a you view or click on such advertisements;
click stream data such as server address and domain name;
location data from GPS-enabled devices (to the extent that you explicitly allowed it) provided by the devices’ interaction with the Games or association with your IP address. In addition, third parties may track and collect information regarding your online activities over time and across different online platforms (such as websites, applications, etc.). For more information regarding your ability to stop such tracking and collection, please see below;
your account number(s) on Google Play Games,if enabled;
if you contact us or respond to messages or communications that we send to you, we may collect your name and email address, as well as keep a record of that correspondence;
your interactions with us through social media channels;
information we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below; and
information we collect about you from third party companies including but not limited to publishing partners, platforms, advertising platforms and partners, and data aggregators, which may include attributes about you and your interests, as well as other games and services you use, and demographic and general location information. We will use this information as described in this policy subject to any limitations in the privacy policy of the company that collected the information from you.
GENERAL INFORMATION. We may also collect, process, and share some technical, statistical, and behavioral information in an aggregated or anonymized manner. That means this information does not reveal your specific identity but may include device and usage information. In addition to the types of information listed above, this information may include but is not limited to device type, type and version of operating system, network provider, browser identifiers, type of browser, screen resolution, session information, click stream data, SDK version, API key, browser cookies, application version, in-app purchases and data regarding receipt validation, network status, locale and time zone, clicks on advertisements, certain information about the advertisements you reviewed, your activities in the Game (including without limitation any information relating to your activity in connection with the advertising displayed therein), and gameplay details such as time spent playing, levels achieved, tools and in-app functionalities used, screens accessed, user retention, performance errors and problems, Game’s stability, crashes, functioning, etc.
4. HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
Overview:
We will primarily use the personal information you provide and any general information we receive from you to provide and optimize products and services to you.
Further Details:
We may use such information:
for statistical, analytical and research purposes for development and improvement of our Services (for example, analyzing and fixing of problems, developing new offerings, providing better content, simplifying and improving your experience including based on preferences shown by usage);
to promote our Services;
to enable certain ad serving features, such as, frequency capping (limiting the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same mobile device), etc.;
to enable certain functionalities available within the Games, for example in-app purchases;
to ensure proper functioning of the Game and Services;
to respond to questions or requests which were provided using a “Contact Us” feature;
to enable you to use Game Center Features, if available;
for authentication purposes including to verify your identity when you sign in to a Game or interact with our Services, to verify clicks and/or installs, and to verify a user’s identity for the purpose of dealing with inappropriate interactions and/or fraudulent use of our Services;
to measure reach and effectiveness of advertisement campaigns, to offer targeted advertising, to personalize experience by showing advertisements for products and services that are more likely to appeal to you (i.e. behavioral advertising).
to send push notifications to your device after you agree to accept push notifications from us or third parties. You can deactivate push notification by changing the settings within the Game and/or changing the notification settings in accordance with the instructions of the operating system running on your device;
as required or permitted by any applicable law (see below regarding Release of Information for Security); and
for any other purpose explained at the time collected.
5. RISK OF INTERCEPTION
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While YUEYOO Team strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using any Service, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us and that any personal information, general information, or other data or information received from you pursuant to your use of the Services is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.
6. SHARING INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
Overview:
We only share your information with your consent, for security purposes (to comply with laws and protect rights), or to fulfill business obligations. Please also refer the section of this policy regarding advertising.
Further Details:
SECURITY. YUEYOO Team will release personal or general information without your consent for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will release such information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside the United States.
We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion. Release of your personal data for security purposes, as described in this Policy to any person or entity under any circumstances shall be based on a determination made solely by us, exercising our own discretion, permission for which is expressly granted by you to us in accordance with this Policy.
We provide some of our services through contractual arrangements with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties (collectively, “Service Partners”). Our Service Partners may use your personal information to operate our sites and to deliver their services. For example, your data may be transferred to website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the Website, executing services (such as advertising), or helping us analyze collected data. These parties will only use your data for the purpose of carrying out the work as agreed with us and will be required to keep the information confidential. We encourage our Service Partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our Service Partners is governed by the privacy policies of those Service Partners and is not subject to our control.
7.ADVERTISEMENTS
Will YUEYOO Team share any of the Personal Information it receives?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone, except as expressly provided below. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this below:
Information that’s been de-identified.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Service, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience.
Advertisers: We allow advertisers and/or merchant partners (“Advertisers”) to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers and you agree that by using the Service those Advertisers may obtain Personal Information from you directly, solely in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, Advertisers might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses. However, we do not ourselves collect such Personal Information, nor do we share any such information with Advertisers. Note that if an Advertiser asks us to show an ad to a certain audience or audience segment and you respond to that ad, the Advertiser may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they were trying to reach.
8. AD IDENTIFIERS, COOKIES, AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Overview:
To provide our Games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. Please read this section to understand our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
Further Details:
WHAT THEY ARE. Ad identifiers are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or Apple's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’), which are uniquely associated with your device. Similar technologies include tracking pixels within ads. These technologies allow companies (including marketers and advertisers) to recognize your device when you use websites and applications.
A cookie is a small string of information that a website you visit transfers to your device for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your online activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your experience. Cookies are also used for such activities as remembering your user name and password, if such feature is available and you choose to use it.
HOW WE USE THEM. Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies are used by us to provide our Services to you and in order to collect data from your device. These technologies allow us and our third party advertising partners to:
recognize you and your device;
provide interest-based advertising to you;
allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction);
enable us and third parties to provide you with more customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language.
TURNING OFF COOKIES. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your device warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (such as Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, or other browser). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware, however, that when you choose to reject cookies, this choice may limit the Services’ functionality and you may lose access to some of its features.
ADJUSTING INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING PREFERENCES. You can choose to prevent your device's ad identifier being used for interest-based advertising, or you can reset your device's ad identifier, by changing the settings of your device. Settings vary from device to device but you will usually find the ad identifier settings under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings.
Please note that adjusting your preferences as described in this section does not mean you will no longer receive adverts, it only means the adverts you do see will be less relevant to your interests. We will also still use your device’s ad identifier to serve you with ads; for example, we may use this for frequency capping (in other words, to control the maximum number of times you see the same ad from us).
9. OPT-OUT RIGHTS
To stop all collection of information from the Website, leave and discontinue use of the Website. You can also easily stop all collection of information through a Game by uninstalling the Game.
10.ABOUT US
HONGKONG YUEYOO TECHNOLOGY CO., LIMITED；
Nature of Business : Software and information technology services.
As game developer, sometimes it is really painful. Every day, we have to think about how to make our lovely players like it, and let the lovely people get happiness.
Life is so hard, you need to make up for the happy things.
YUEYOO has only done two things:
The first one: let the players constantly guess the ingredients used in the food, and combine the food. Inner heart: I am afraid that it is difficult for you to guess. I am afraid that it is simple and you feel that it is difficult.
The second one: Let you feel that it is good to have money. Inner heart: money 1, money 10, money 100, money 1K, money 1AA, money 1AB, money 1AC... is big
We just want the cute players to be happy and see the money constantly receiving their bags.
At least in YUEYOO we are rich people.
We will always be with you and hope to make you happy. Keep working hard for this.
HONGKONG YUEYOO TECHNOLOGY CO., LIMITED