With your agreement, we and
our 17 partners
use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website.
We and our partners process data for the following purposes
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
, Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning
, Store and/or access information on a device
, Vivendi Group entities data optimization
Learn More →
Disagree and close
Agree and close
GAMELOFT PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE OREGON TRAIL
Your privacy is important to us, and we take our responsibility of caring for it seriously.
This Privacy Policy is specific to Gameloft games offered on Apple Arcade. It describes what information Gameloft collects and how we use, disclose, transfer, and store it (when necessary). If you do not want Gameloft to collect, store, use or share your information in the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you may not be able to use our Services (as described below).
Gameloft S.E., including its subsidiary companies (“Gameloft”, “we”), collects, stores, and uses your information as a data controller in connection with, and in order to provide and develop, Gameloft’s services and websites (together referred to as the “Services”) in accordance with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”).
All of our Services available on Apple Arcade, whether used on mobile devices, Mac or other platforms such as Apple TV, are governed by this Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you hereby consent to this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 1, 2020, and was last modified on June 2nd, 2022.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please see the “How to contact us” section below.
1 – Information we collect, purposes and uses
Our game is available on Apple Arcade.
We do not collect any personal information. However, if you signed in to the Game Center, your user account complies with the age restrictions, and you provided us with your consent in the game, we will use anonymous game data (gameplay statistics) to provide you with the social game features (for instance, with the community goal feature). Within the framework of collection of these anonymous game data, no information pertaining to players, their devices and/or their geolocations are collected by Gameloft
Player progress, including achievements and leaderboards scores, are stored on Apple services, such as iCloud for game saves and Game Center for achievements and leaderboards.
We store anonymous game data (with the player’s consent) in Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud, which is an Apple-approved solution.
In addition, Players may opt-in to allow the game to access to Apple Health data regarding:
•    Walk and Run Distance
•    Step Count
•    Distance Wheelchair
•    Wheelchair Push Count.
After accessing this feature, the player will be presented with a system permission dialog asking them to collect the aforementioned Apple Health data.
This data is used for in game progression, only with respect to active in game features requiring Apple Health data. This data is not sent to Gameloft servers, shared with third parties nor used for marketing purposes. Players may delete their Health data and remove permission access at any point in time using device Settings.
2 – How we retain non-identifiable information
The users can delete their game progress from their iCloud account at any time. The anonymous game data are retained for six (6) month in Amazon Web Services (AWS).
3 – How we share non-identifiable information
In order to provide specific game features, collected anonymous game data may only be transferred to other Gameloft studios, entities or subsidiaries located worldwide.  We do not share collected anonymous game data with any third-parties.
4 – Information Security
We have implemented security measures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain information security, and correctly use anonymous information collected through the Services.
We take, and force applicable third parties to take, reasonable precautions to protect your anonymous information against loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, please remember that no transmission of information over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
5 – Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. In the event that we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, they will be re-posted in the "Privacy" section of our websites and apps with the date the modifications were made indicated at the top of the page. Therefore, please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware when any changes are made to it. Your continued use of the Services after such change(s) constitutes your acceptance of any such change(s), and if you do not accept any changes, you may choose not to use the Services. Should you seek further information about any recent changes made, please send your request to DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com and include “Information about Changes” in the subject line.
6 – Legal disclaimer
Our Services operate AS IS, and we do not represent or warrant that our Services will be available at all times, or that your use of the Services will be uninterrupted or error- free. We are not responsible for your ability to access the Services or for matters beyond our control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of your country of residence. Any dispute arising from the use of the Services shall be submitted to the competent courts of your country of residence.
7 – How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us:
1.
through the customer support link on Gameloft website
2.
through the feedback form in App store
If you have general question about privacy at Gameloft please:
•
send an email to DataProtectionSupport[at]gameloft.com
•
write to the Gameloft Data Protection Officer, 14 rue Auber, 75009 Paris, France.