AURLA App Privacy Policy
We made AURLA to create good vibes.
In that spirit, our focus has been on privacy and simplicity. We keep personal information to a minimum, and we don't
    retain any of your pictures or photo data on our servers.
We're humbled that you've chosen to give our app a try, and we hope it brings you joy and clarity!
THE POLICY
By using AURLA ("APPLICATION" or "APP") you accept this Privacy Policy ("AGREEMENT" or "TERMS").
                The Agreement applies to all users ("YOU", "USER", or "SUBSCRIBER") who have access and/or use the
                Application. Unless amended or modified,
                the Agreement will remain in effect while you are a user or subscriber. If you do not agree with this
                Privacy Policy and its related
Terms of Use
, do not use the Application. The
                Application is owned and operated by Dismodern, Inc ("DISMODERN", "COMPANY", "WE", "OUR").
Dismodern is committed to protecting your privacy. Dismodern does not collect personally identifiable information via the Application 
                    unless it is voluntarily provided. If you voluntarily provide contact information such as an email address,
                    Dismodern might use it to inform you of changes to AURLA or to survey use or opinion of the Application. At
                    your request, Dismodern will remove contact information from its records and remove your account.
Dismodern also may use “cookies” to collect certain information to evaluate use of and access to AURLA and its
                    content and to improve the Application.
In-app purchases for the Application are processed through the Apple App Store and our third-party payment management tool, RevenueCat. A unique user identifier and email address are stored with RevenueCat for account verification, receipt validation, and fraud prevention.
Dismodern will not share personal information gathered from the Application with any other parties,
                    except as is reasonably determined to be required by law or by governmental authority, or as necessary to provide
                    services in accordance with the these Terms. It is Dismodern’s intention to protect against improper use of personal
                    information.
Please visit the following website for further information: https://www.aurla.app
UPDATED MARCH 7, 2021
FAQ & Help
App Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Our app AURLA
does not
use cookies, but our site
does
to help us improve.
GOT IT