TERMS OF USE
PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE ATTENTIVELY BEFORE USING OUR SERVICE
PROGAMESLAB LTD, having company ID number HE367163, with headquarters located at Evripidou 12A, Agia Zoni, 3031,Limassol, Cyprus (“PROGAMESLAB” or “we”) is welcomes you – our online users (“users” or “you”) . This Terms of use apply to any services that we may provide with any PROGAMESLAB website (collectively, the “Site”), or any PROGAMESLAB game or application (the Site, games and applications are, collectively, the “Service”). These terms are a legal agreement and contain important information about your rights and obligations in relation to our Services.
1. If you do not agree to these terms or any future updated version of them then you must not access and/or use, and must cease all access and/or use of, any of our Services. If we require that any future update to these terms requires any action from you in order to accept the updated terms, then you may not be able to continue to use the Services until you have taken such action.
2. These terms are made available via the app store or platform that you download our Games from (such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store), on any website or platform where you can play our Games such as www.facebook.com, and on our website (the “Website”). You agree that by accessing and/or using our Services, you are agreeing to these terms and our Privacy Policy
.
3. Our Services are not directed to children under 16.
4. You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for accessing and/or using our Services. You should ask your mobile operator or internet service provider if you are unsure what these charges will be, before you access and/or use our Services.
5. When using our Services you may choose to, and in some instances you will be required to, create an account with us. If you do create an account with us, you agree that you shall take all steps necessary to protect your log in details and keep them secret. You agree that you shall not give your log in details to anyone else or allow anyone else to use your log in details or account
6. You understand that if you delete your account, or if we delete your account in accordance with these terms, you may lose access to any data previously associated with your account (including, without limitation, your progress through our Games and/or the level or score you have reached in our Games and any Virtual Money or Virtual Goods associated with your account).
7. You acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in any account that you create using any of our services. We may suspend, terminate, modify or delete any of these accounts at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice to you.
8. You must comply with the laws that apply to you in the location that you access our Services from. If any laws applicable to you restrict or prohibit you from using our Services, you must comply with those legal restrictions or, if applicable, stop accessing and/or using our Services.
9. You understand and agree that all Content that you may be sent when using our Services, whether publicly posted or privately sent, is the sole responsibility of the person that sent the Content. This means that you, not us, are entirely responsible for all Content that you may upload, communicate, transmit or otherwise make available via our Services.
10. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of our Services.
11. You acknowledge that all copyright, trade marks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to our Services (other than Content which is contributed and owned by players) is owned by or licensed to us.
12. Whilst you are in compliance with these terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, revocable limited licence to access and/or use our Services (but not any related object and source code) for your own personal private use, in each case provided that such use is in accordance with these terms. You agree not to use our Services for anything else. These terms also apply to any update or patches which we may release or make available for any of the Services and any such update or patch shall be deemed part of the Services for the purposes of these terms.
13. We reserve the right to update these terms from time to time by posting the updated version at that address. We may do so for a number of reasons including without limitation because we change the nature of our products or services, for technical or legal reasons, or because the needs of our business have changed. You agree that if you do not accept any amendment to our terms then you shall immediately stop accessing and/or using our Services.
14. If you have any queries about the these terms, our Services, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time on:
support@progameslab.com
Last updated: 1 August 2018