At New Ireland we are committed to ensuring the privacy of your information.
We understand that as a customer or visitor using the New Ireland web site, the privacy and the security of your confidential information when online is very important to you. The purpose of our Privacy Statement is to outline New Ireland’s practices in this area.
PLEASE NOTE that this Privacy Statement is subject to the Terms and Conditions of use of the New Ireland website. We recommend that you read the Terms and Conditions of use. If there is a conflict between the Terms and Conditions of use and this Privacy Statement, the Terms and Conditions of use shall prevail. Except as otherwise provided, terms used herein and defined in the Terms and Conditions of use shall have the same meaning that is given to them in the Terms and Conditions of use.
The contents of this Privacy Statement are subject to change and to being updated without notice from time to time.
The Information We Collect
As you browse through our web site, our web server collects information about your visit, not about you personally. We gather and monitor statistics such as:
The number of people who visit our site
The date and time of visits
The number of pages viewed
The time spent on the site
The most popular sections of our site
We will only ask for personal information from which you can be identified (such as your name, address, email address etc.) where the information is required for a specific purpose e.g. to reply to any queries or questions that you may have. This gathering of information is consistent with our normal work practices. All information provided to us by you will be treated with the utmost confidentiality in accordance with all applicable legislative and regulatory standards. If you ever decide that you no longer wish us to keep or use information or you want the information to be revised or updated, please feel free to contact us. We will remove or amend the information as appropriate in accordance with applicable legislative and regulatory requirements. (Please also note the paragraph headed INTERNET FRAUD below)
See
here
for details on our use of “Cookies”
Disclosure of Information
New Ireland will not divulge personal information to a third party unless:
We have received authorisation from you so to do or
We are required to do so by law
For the purposes of verification, fraud prevention and detection and risk management we will exchange information with reputable reference sources and clearing house services.
Security of Information
At www.newireland.ie we understand how important the security and confidentiality of your information is to you. Keeping customers’ information secure is a top priority for New Ireland. Our goal is to protect your information on the Internet in the same way as we would our normal business information.
However, public internet email is a communication channel which cannot be guaranteed to be secure. As such, there are no guarantees that any email or its contents:
will be delivered within a reasonable timeframe or at all,
comes from the purported sender,
has not been intercepted by a third party,
are unaltered from the time of transmission.
As a result New Ireland cannot guarantee the privacy or confidentiality of information relating to you passing over the Internet.
Internet Fraud
A number of financial organisations and their customers have recently been the target of hoax e-mails that are aimed at gathering Internet/account/policy details of the customers. Some of these hoax e-mails have encouraged or facilitated contact with hoax websites that purport to be (but are not) the website of the relevant financial organisation. In all cases, we would advise you to be cautious as regards disclosing your personal details. In particular, you should note that we will only ever request your personal details if:(i) you are seeking to initiate e-mail contact with us via this website; or (ii) you initiate a request for a particular service via this website and we require certain personal details to provide you with the requested service e.g. where the requested service is a request for a telephone call from a sales advisor, or a request for a pensions information pack or other product information etc.
Hyperlinks
Some of the pages on this website contain hypertext links to websites not maintained by New Ireland. You are reminded that different terms and conditions of use will apply to you as a user of such websites. In addition such websites may not attain the same privacy standards that New Ireland maintains.