Privacy
Ministry of health undertakes to preserve all user information provided through eHealth portal.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Covid19 Portal of Ministry of Health Oman, our interest in the visitor trust is a priority, the site will collect no personal information about the visitor unless provided voluntarily for subscription or using the portal services.
Use of Personal Information
When you subscribe to any of our services and materials provided through MOH Portal, the Portal request you to present identity information such as full name, the tribe, telephone number, e-mail, PO box and residence address; info requested to comply for the service .If you choose to provide us with personal information and submitting it through the Web site...We use that information to respond to your message and to help us to get you the information you have requested. To improve the portal technical performance we automatically gather and store certain technical information to compile aggregate data (statics) about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. The site is going to collect specific information about your service provider and domain (for example, "xyz affiliate.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and your (IP) address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our Web site, we also file time and date of the visit and the pages browsed and pages visited. The site also gathers some information about your computer and programs used in order to provide best compatibility, observe that no personal information collected. This information never identifies who you are.
Site Information Security
Information which may be provided by MOH Portal users or visitors, on any forms you complete on the web site, will be regarded by MOH Portal as personal information and, subject to the terms and conditions of electronic government legalities, be treated confidential. We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to; or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction; of your personally identifying information. The Ministry of Information  is not responsible for any disclosure of personal information results from irresponsible exercise of passwords and advises you to remain vigilant about user name and password.
Accessing and updating Personal Information
MOH Portal authorizes access to user information and amendments of personal information remains available to all users e.g. e-mail and password; while change of user name is not licensed where you have to process ID conformation via personal manager. The Technical User help desk is ready for assistance through the provided contact on MOH Portal.
Linking Policy
MOH Portal linked to variety of web sites maintained by other governmental and none governmental parties. Our site provide these links as a service to our users, MOH Portal denies any responsibilities of the content of these sites. In case of a visitor decided to browse these sites, the visitor is leaving MOH Portal to the privacy of the other site. We recommend you to revise privacy policy of those sites.
Cookies
In order to easy the retention of information provided by the users, MOH Portal uses cookies (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information) These files assist you in your forthcoming browsing of the portal.