Privacy Policy
The software application ICONIC (the “
Site
”) is operated by Daneco Ltd. (also referred to as “
Daneco
”, “
us
”, or “
we
”). We respect your right to control your personal information. That is why we have developed this Privacy Policy which governs and explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal information (the “
Privacy Policy
”).
This page contains the Privacy Policy for the Site, as well as for any other websites or microsites operated by Daneco (collectively and together with the Site, the “
Sites
”), and for web applications, tools, forums, or social media pages offered by Daneco (together with the Sites, the “
Service
”).
By accessing or using the Service, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Daneco in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may choose not to provide us with personal information. However, if you make this choice we may not be able to provide you with the application, service or information that you requested.
1 Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the following words have the following meanings:
“
collection
” means the act of gathering, acquiring, recording or obtaining personal information from any source, including third parties, by any means.
“
consent
” means voluntary agreement with the collection, use and disclosure of personal information for defined purposes. Consent can be either express or implied and can be provided directly by the individual or by an authorized representative, such as a parent or guardian. Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from a user’s action or inaction.
“
user
” means an individual who uses the Service provided by Daneco, including anyone else who accesses or visits the Sites.
“
disclosure
” means making personal information available to a third party.
“
employee
” means an employee of Daneco, and for the purpose of this Privacy Policy only, includes agents, independent and other contractors performing services for Daneco.
“
personal information
” means information about an identifiable individual, but not aggregated information that cannot be associated with a specific individual.
“registered user”
means a user who has created and registered an account with Daneco.
“
third party
” means an individual other than the user, or the user’s agent, or an organization outside Daneco.
“
use
” means the treatment, handling and management of personal information by and within Daneco.
2 Collection
Daneco may collect any or all of the following personal information if the information is reasonably required to provide the services accessed or requested by you:
•information that you provide when you become a registered user or otherwise complete forms on the Service, such as your name, email, postal address, telephone number, age, Facebook account information for Facebook Connect, and country of residence;
•your log-in and password details in connection with your account(s) with the Service, including your username;
•information that you provide to Daneco when you subscribe to the Service;
•information that you provide when you make a transaction, including products and services purchased, method of payment, and amount paid;
•information about your personal preferences, including marketing consents;
•your correspondence with Daneco employees, including any questions, concerns or comments you may have about the Service or problems that you report;
•comments, videos, photographs, and any other content or information that you may post or submit to the Service; and
•details of your requests made through the Service.
Daneco does not collect information related to method of payment such as a credit or debit card number. All purchases of Daneco products and services will be directed to and handled by third parties such as Apple, Stripe, Shopify or Paypal. You will be bound by the privacy policies of these third party sites.
3 Purpose of Collection and Use of Personal Information
Daneco collects your personal information and will use your personal information as is reasonably required for the following purposes:
•if you are a registered user, to establish and maintain your account with the Sites and the Service;
•to provide the ongoing products, services or information that you request;
•to verify your identity if you submit comments, product reviews or other content to the Sites and the Service;
•to process purchases, provide invoices and to ship products;
•to assist you in tracking your order;
•to provide the installation and/or maintenance services that you request;
•to provide customer support to assist you with your questions or complaints;
•to collect amounts owing to Daneco, if applicable;
•to manage and develop the business and operations of Daneco, including to analyze where our users are located, to determine the systems or devices for which we should optimize our system, and to troubleshoot network and system problems;
•to improve users’ experience of the Service, including to customize website settings;
•to detect and protect against fraud and error;
•to track and analyze your purchases and preferences to better understand your product and service needs and eligibility for discounts;
•to guide us in selecting new products to be offered through the Service;
•to promote existing products by posting the testimonials that you submit, if any;
•to promote offers of affiliated sites;
•to provide you with the option of adding your name and e-mail address to the e-mail lists of affiliated sites; and
•to meet legal and regulatory requirements.
Daneco staff are authorized to access personal information based only on their need to deal with the information for the reason(s) for which it was obtained. Personal information will only be collected and used by authorized staff in a manner consistent with the activities of Daneco.
4 Disclosure
Daneco may disclose your personal information to:
•its employees, agents, partners and service providers as is reasonably necessary to enable these parties to perform a business, professional or technical support function for Daneco;
•a person who, in the reasonable judgment of Daneco, is seeking the information as your agent; and
•a third party or parties, where you consent to such disclosure or the disclosure is required by law.
We may also disclose your personal information in connection with a corporate re-organization, a merger or amalgamation with another entity, a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or stock, including any due diligence exercise carried out in relation to the same, provided that the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information.
If you voluntarily submit or post any information, photographs, videos or other content (“
User Content
”) to the Service, certain of your personal information may be included in the posting, such as your user name and email address, and this information may be collected and used by others. Daneco has no control over and is not liable for the collection, use or disclosure of any posted User Content or your included personal information by users of the Service. You are responsible for ensuring the protection of any of your personal information that you post to any other user’s Daneco messaging account.
5 Safeguarding Your Personal Information
Daneco is committed to safeguarding your personal information. Daneco uses appropriate security measures to protect personal information against risks such as loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction regardless of the format in which it is held. The methods of protection and safeguards used by Daneco include, but are not limited to, locked filing cabinets, need-to-know access and technological measures, including the use of passwords, using BlueHost to store user data, storing data on servers such as Amazon AWS servers, using multi-level back-up and Transport Layer Security, encryption and firewalls. While Daneco cannot guarantee that risks such as loss, theft, unauthorized access or disclosure of personal information will not occur, Daneco will make every effort to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Daneco takes care in disposing of or destroying personal information to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to the information. Daneco also ensures that its employees with access to personal information are made aware of the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of personal information. Finally, Daneco protects personal information disclosed to third parties by contractual agreements stipulating the confidentiality of the information and the purposes for which it is to be used.
If you are a registered user and your Daneco account becomes inactive, Daneco may choose not to retain your User Content, personal information associated with your Daneco account, or any other records associated with your Daneco account, for a period longer than three years after your Daneco account becomes inactive, in which case such information will be destroyed. If your Daneco account becomes inactive, you are solely responsible for exporting any such information from your Daneco account that you may wish to retain.
6 Accuracy
Daneco is committed to keeping your personal information as complete, up-to-date and accurate as is necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used. Daneco will promptly correct or complete any personal information found to be inaccurate or incomplete. Where appropriate, Daneco will transmit amended information to third parties having access to the personal information in question. Upon request, Daneco will provide you with a reasonable opportunity to review the personal information in your file to review its accuracy. Such personal information will be provided within a reasonable time of the request and at a minimal or no cost to you.
Also upon request, Daneco will provide an account of the use and disclosure of your personal information and, where reasonably possible, will state the source of the information. In providing an account of disclosure, Daneco will provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed personal information about you when it is not possible to provide an actual list.
7 Complaints
Daneco will promptly investigate all complaints concerning our compliance with the Privacy Policy and our dealings with your personal information. If a complaint is found to be justified, Daneco will take appropriate measures to resolve the complaint, including, if necessary, amending Daneco’s policies and procedures. You will be informed of the outcome of the investigation regarding your complaint.
8 Withdrawing Consent
You may withdraw your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information by Daneco at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. In certain circumstances, your withdrawal of consent will result in the inability of Daneco to continue providing aspects of the Service to you. Please contact Daneco for more information regarding the implications of withdrawing consent.
9 Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is information that does not identify you and which we are unable to connect to other information in order to identify you. Daneco may collect any or all of the following non-personal information:
•The Service employs a web analytics service that collects aggregated data resulting from the combination and/or aggregation of certain raw data from the Service (including, but not limited to, sex, age, and geographic location) in a way that no longer personally identifies the user.
•The Service employs a web analytics service that uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the Service. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Service (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by web analytics service providers on servers in the United States. The web analytics service providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on Service activity for the Service operators and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. The web analytics service providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on the web analytics service providers’ behalf. The web analytics service providers will not associate your IP address with any other data held by the web analytics service provider. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser: however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Service. By using the Service, you consent to the processing of data about you by web analytics service providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
We make no attempt to link this non-personal information with the identity of individuals using the Service. Non-personal information may be permanently archived for future use in any manner whatsoever by Daneco.
10 Inquiries
To submit an inquiry, complaint, request a review of your personal information, correct or update your personal information, withdraw your consent or request more information or additional copies of the Privacy Policy contact:
Daneco Privacy Officer
Mailing Address: 3 Hearthstone Grove. East St Paul, MB., R2E 0N2, Canada
E-mail:
support@danecoltd.com
11 Unsubscribe
Users register to receive commercial electronic messages regarding new products or services, promotions or other similar communications for each of the Services separately. If you no longer wish to receive commercial electronic messages for any one of the Services, you may unsubscribe by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the commercial electronic message from the Service you no longer wish to subscribe to. Please note that, after you unsubscribe, Daneco may still send electronic communications to you in certain limited circumstances, such as to provide you with Service notifications and billing information, or to provide information that Daneco is legally obligated to provide you.
12 Privacy Policy Changes
To accommodate changes in our services, changes in technology and legal developments, this Privacy Policy may change over time without notice to you. We may add, change or remove portions of the Privacy Policy when we feel it is appropriate to do so. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically. Each time you submit personal information or use the Service you agree to be bound by terms of the Privacy Policy which is then current. Whenever we update the Privacy Policy, we will change the date below to indicate when the changes were made.
Date: February 23, 2020