Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our organisation uses the personal data that we collect when you use the SAM app.
We will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
What are your data protection rights?
Cookies?
Changes to our Privacy Policies
Children’s Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
1. What data do we collect?
Our company collects the following data:
Personal identification information – user logins (pseudonyms) and passwords (encrypted)
Device identification information – device type and operating system used
User anxiety profiles over time (not shared)
User comments and ratings of self-help techniques (shared)
User-contributed descriptive tags for comments (shared)
Contributions to the Social Cloud (shared)
E-mail addresses for the purpose of managing passwords (encrypted and hashed)
2. How do we collect your data?
You directly provide us with all of the data we collect. We collect and process data when you:
Create an account on the app
Voluntarily make contributions or statements on the app
Email or otherwise contact us
3. How do we use your data?
We collect your data so that we can:
Manage the logon and membership process
Store your contributions and record inputs to the Mood Tracker
Collate anonymised data for restricted access analysis
Use anonymised and aggregated activity data for academic publication, to improve the research base around digital mental health effectiveness.
4.
How do we store your data?
We securely store your data at London Servers – Digital Ocean Cloud Services Providers.
Your data will be kept whilst you have an account on the app and deleted immediately you delete your account from the App.
You may request that an export of your data be emailed to you – available from the Privacy section of Settings in the App.
5. What are your data protection rights?
The right to access
– You have the right to request copies of your personal data from us.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete any information that you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organisation, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email
support@mindgarden-tech.co.uk
.
We will not share your data with other entities without your explicit permission and only in support of the functionality of the app
We will hold your data securely and not make it available to any third  party unless permitted or required to do so by law.
6. Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit
allaboutcookies.org
.
7.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and place any updates on this page. This privacy policy was last updated in November 2024.
8. Children’s Privacy Policy
Our service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
9. Privacy Statement
By using this app I consent to my personal  data being processed as described above. Should I decide to use the  forums within the app I do so on the understanding that my personal  information I choose to submit will be shared with other forum users.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at support@mindgarden-tech.co.uk
11. How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Telephone: 0303 123 1113,
Address: Information Commissioner’s Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF
Follow us
@mindgarden_sam
instagram