Home
Games
Press
Careers
ContactUs
Support
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
1. Purpose
These Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as the Terms and Conditions) are intended to define the rights, obligations and responsibilities of the Company and the users of the company and the users who use the services and related services provided by the users of the company (hereinafter referred to as the company).
2. Effective Terms and Conditions of Use
1) The company shall publish the contents of this Agreement to the Service in order to ensure that the users are easily informed.
2) In the event of a reasonable reason, the company may amend the terms and conditions within the scope of this Agreement.
3) If the company revises the provisions, it may notify the user of the applicability date and the reasons for amendment of the application (s) in advance of the current date of application of the application (for example, 30 days or more) prior to the date of application of the application, and notify the posting of the notification by means of the same electronic method as the date of entry into question.
4) By agreeing to this Agreement, you agree to periodically visit the Services page to confirm the changes to the Terms and Conditions. The damages to the users who do not know the information about the changed terms are not borne by the company.
5) The user may cancel the use contract if they do not agree with the changed terms and conditions, and if the service continues to be used, the modifications made to the changed agreement shall be deemed to have been agreed upon. If the company does not comply with the terms and conditions of the changed agreement and the company can not accept the existing terms, the company may terminate the contract.
6) By pressing the " Agree " button specified at the bottom of this Agreement, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
3. Rule Beyond Clause
This Agreement shall apply to matters other than those provided by the company and shall comply with the provisions of the Act on Promotion of Information Network and Information Protection and other relevant laws and regulations.
4. Definition of Terms
1) " Content " means all of the games offered by the company, the applications, and the relevant digital services offered.
2) " Smart Device " means a mobile phone, tablet, portable game console, or electronic device that can be downloaded and installed through a network or via a network.
3) " Smart Services " means the game and content services offered by the company for use in smart devices.
4) " User " refers to a customer who has access to the service operated by the company and entered the service contract under the terms and conditions.
5) " Use Agreement " refers to a contract between the employer and the user in relation to the service use.
5. Establishment of service contract
By installing, using or otherwise accessing the service, you agree to these terms of service, you agree to these terms of service. If you do not agree to these terms of service please do not install, user or otherwise access the service. Use of the service is void where prohibited.
6. Application and restrictions
1) Users can apply and use the application to download and install applications, or to use the form required by the form to dictate the requirements required for service use.
2) The company may not accept or limit the use of services if applicable.
① Impersonation of other people.
② In case the contents of the application form are false.
③ Using this service for criminal acts prescribed by the Criminal law, Juvenile Protection Action and other current statute.
④ Using this service for the purpose of pursuing profit.
⑤ Using this service for purpose of impeding the company's interests
⑥ In case customer has previously forfeited the user qualification in accordance with this Agreement, the exception is to obtain the consent of the company as a result of a person having expired a user's license after a lapse of one year.
⑦ Child under the age of 14 obtains consent from the legal representatives (parents, etc.).
⑧ In case application is not approved due to the reason of the user's fault or other violation
⑨ Violation of any other provisions specified.
⑩ In case of an application for approval or other regulations due to reasons attributable to the reasons attributable to the user
⑪In case of a violation of any other provisions specified
3) The company may limit the use of the service application or service to the extent permitted by the use of the service for the service use applicant or the user.
① In case the company does not have sufficient facilities.
② In case the company has technical issues.
7. Protect and use personal information
1) The Company shall strive to protect personally identifiable information of the users, including the use of user registration information, and comply with the related statutes and the company's " privacy policy " concerning the protection and use of personal information.
However, the Company's " Privacy Notice " does not apply to websites other than the Company's official site.
2) Depending on the nature of the service, the user may be presented to the user to introduce themselves, such as the nickname, photo, etc.
3) Users can view and modify their personal information at any time via the Personal Information Management screen. However, the real name, resident registration number and user ID are not possible for the modify.
4) If a change is made at the time of application, the user must correct it online or inform the company about the change by email or other means.
8. The duties of a company
1) " Company " does not act as a prohibition against applicable laws and conditions, and strives to continue to provide the best and stable service.
2) The " Company " shall be equipped with a security system for privacy protection to ensure that the service is safe.
3) The " Company " shall promptly process and promptly handle the opinions raised by the customer if they are deemed justified by the client.
However, in case of immediate processing, the user shall notify the user of the cause and processing schedule.
9. User's obligation
1) The user shall comply with the provisions set forth in this Agreement and the regulations prescribed by the Company and the Company. Also, users should not attempt to undermine the company's work, or damage to the company's reputation.
2) The users shall comply with the relevant statutes, such as the Juvenile Protection Action. If a user violates the relevant statutes, such as a juvenile protection law, he or she shall be punished pursuant to the statute.
3) Users can not use the service without prior consent from the company, and the user is responsible for the consequences of the sales activities.
In addition, if the user damages the company due to such sales activities, the user shall be liable for damages to the company, and the company may demand damages from the user after restricting the use of the service and proper procedures.
4) The user is responsible for the management of the user ID, and should not be used by a third party.
5) The user shall not act on the following actions, and the company may impose restrictions on the use of users ' service restrictions, related information (including text, photos, images, etc.), and actions including legal actions.
Also, the responsibility for the problem arises from the user himself.
① Register of false contents, change or omit false contents upon registration of various applications
② Conduct stealing information from others
③ Unauthorized alteration or alteration of the Company's program or any portion of the company's published information by the Company, or alteration of the company's servers or posted any portion of the website or published information, or use of the company's services in a for-profit or non-commercial manner.
④ Misusing bugs knowingly to take advantage and disturb the game services.
⑤ To acquire, transfer, or sell commercially owned (ID, character, item, etc.) in a non-authoritative manner
⑥ An act to inflict injury on services or deliberately disrupt services
⑦ Conducting business by using service without prior approval of the company.
⑧ Copying information obtained from this service to the purposes other than the company's prior consent, or to use it for publication and broadcasting etc.
⑨ Contents of infringements of patent, trademark, trade secrets, copyright and other intellectual property rights of the Company other than transferring to others by transfer, publication, or other methods thereof.
⑩ Dissemination of information, such as violence, slagging, indecency, or indecent content, or dissemination of information, sentences, forms, sounds, videos, and videos to others by sending information, sentences, etc.
⑪ Posting or otherwise distributing content including extremely offensive or personal information may infringe on the honor or privacy of others.
⑫ Bullying or intimidation to other users or causing ongoing pain or discomfort to particular users.
⑬ To collect or store personal information of other users without obtaining approval from the company.
⑭ An act that is objectively judged to be connected with a crime.
⑮ Acts contrary to other related statutes.
6) If the user acknowledges that the user ID and password are stolen or used by third parties, he/she shall notify the company immediately and follow the Company's instructions. If the user does not notify the company or notify the company, the Company shall not be liable for the disadvantage caused by not following the company's guidance.
10. Service use
1) The company initiates the service immediately after downloading, installing, and using the dedicated application of this service to the users of this service. However, if the company fails to commence service due to the company's work or technical disability, notify the service or notify the user immediately.
2) The company provides services using a dedicated application or network for smart devices, and users can download and install applications, or use the services for free or charge using the network.
3) Paid services are available only after paying the rates specified for the service, and may incur additional charges as determined by the mobile carrier when subscribing to applications or services through the network.
4) In case of downloaded or installed applications or services that are used through network services, it is provided in accordance with the characteristics of smart device or mobile carrier. And in case changing smart device, changing number or overseas roaming, company shall not bear any responsibility.
11. Change and Stop Services
1) The company may discontinue service due to inevitable reasons such as system checkup, extension and replacement, and notifies via the service page. If there are unavoidable circumstances that can not be notified beforehand, you can be notified afterwards.
2) The Company may revise all or any part of the Services in advance, if necessary, for new content, content (items, experience, money in the game, etc.) for operational and technical reasons.
3) Due to changes in service, users can not claim compensation for damages other than those caused by the inability to use the paid service.
In particular, the Company is not obligated to take responsibility for damages caused by loss of benefits not provided by the Company directly, and expected profits from using the service.
4) If the Company suspends all services by technical and operational necessity, the Company may notify 30 days before and discontinue the service. If there is an unavoidable circumstance that can not be notified in advance, you can be notified afterwards.
12. Service use restriction
The company may limit the service use without prior notice if the user violates the contents of Article 9 of this Agreement.
13. Advertising and dealing with advertisers
1) Some of the benefits of a service investment that the company can provide to users is derived from advertising through advertiser. Users wishing to use the service are considered to agree to advertising ads exposed when using service.
2) The Company shall not be held liable for any loss or damage arising from the participation or loss of the user's participation in this service or the promotion of the advertising or sale of the advertisers through this service.
14. User Content
1) The rights and responsibilities of the content that user publish while using the service are user’s own responsibility.
2) The copyrights and other intellectual property rights of the content created by the company belong to the company.
3) If the company determines that certain postings are deemed to be defamation of honor and privacy, the publisher may take ' temporary action ' on the relevant posts or materials without prior notice and subsequently delete or restore them according to the relevant laws and regulations of the relevant parties and companies.
4) Any postings published within the service may be subject to a search result or service and related promotions, and may be published, replicated, edited and published within the scope of the required exposure. In this case, the company complies with the copyright law regulations, and users can opt for deletion of the contents of the postings, exclude search results, and other actions by deleting them from the customer center or in the service functions.
15. Payment
In principle, purchasing charges for content are charged according to policies and methods set by mobile carriers and application stores, and payment methods must also be paid according to the prescribed method.
Limitations may be granted or adjusted according to the policies of the company and payment companies (such as mobile carriers, application stores, etc.) and government policies.
16. The attribution of rights
1) Copyright and industrial property rights for the Service are the property of the Company. However, the "post" of the user and the works provided under the affiliation agreement are excluded.
2) The company gives users only access to the terms and conditions of the user in relation to the terms and conditions provided by the company, and the users can not dispose of them, such as transfer, sale, or mortgage.
17. Revocation of subscription
1) User-purchased content is divided into content that can be purchased and canceled by the user. For content that can be withdrawn, the subscription cancellation is performed according to the policy of the mobile carrier or the application store.
However, if the value has been reduced after seven days of purchase or if the value of goods and goods is significantly reduced, the application of the subscription is restricted. Any unused virtual item not less than 7 days after purchase will be eligible for reimbursement pursuant to article 16.
2) Any events or content (ID, item, money, money, etc.) that the company has given to the user will be excluded from the revocation of subscription.
18. Effect of withdrawal of subscription
The Company will refund the payment within three business days if the goods are returned by the user. In this case, when the company delays, the company pays interest rates by multiplying the amount of interest in the consumer protection against the rate of consumer protection in relation to e-commerce.
19. Refund for error payments
1) If the charge is wrong, a refund will be issued in accordance with the policies of the carrier or application store.
2) Charges arising from application download or network services (monetary charges, data rates, etc.) are excluded from the refund.
20. Compensation for damages
1) The Company shall not be liable for any damages incurred by the users concerning the use of free services provided by the Company. However, if it is attributable to the company, it shall compensate for the damages suffered by the users.
2) Individual service providers are responsible for the damages associated with individual service providers and for individual service providers if the individual service providers agree on individual service agreements and damages individual service providers.
21. Escape clause
1) The company shall be exempted from liability for service provision if it can not provide services due to natural disasters or acts of force majeure.
2) The Company shall be exempted from liability for damages caused by incidental causes such as repair, replacement, regular inspection and construction of service facilities.
3) The company shall be exempted from liability for service use due to reasons attributable to the user. Not unless the user is forced or justified in the case of a singular user.
4) The company shall not be held liable for information regarding the reliability and accuracy of the information, materials and facts published in the service.
5) The company shall be exempted from liability for transactions between the user and the user, or between the user and the third party.
6) The company shall not be held liable unless there is no special provision in relation to the applicable laws regarding the use of free service.
7) The company shall not be held liable for the inability of the user to derive or lose the desired benefits from the service.
8) The Company shall not be held liable for damages due to the negligence of the Company's negligence, grade, item, etc., etc.
22. Application-Private
Permissions required by content are used for each of the following items :
1) Allow and manage phone calls
① The terminal must be able to be checked for compensation in the advertisement processing tool included in the content.
② You may have permission to identify the terminal, and if you do not have the rights to compensate when you do not have the privilege, you need the privilege.
2) Allows device photos, media, and file access
① This privilege is required to store the files needed to run the game on the terminal.
② You need permission to read and write the necessary information when you do not have the appropriate privileges.
3) Content uses this privilege only for the above mentioned functions, and the name of each authority may vary from appliance to appliance.
23. Jurisdiction and Governing Law
1) Matters that are not specified in this in these Terms and Conditions shall comply with the regulations stipulated in the pertinent statutes.
2) If a lawsuit is filed against a dispute arising from the use of the service, the court pursuant to the procedure set forth in the Act shall be the court of competent jurisdiction.
Supplementary Provision
(Enforcement date) This Agreement shall commence on 1 March 2017.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how your personal data is collected and processed by Loadcomplete (“Loadcomplete”) when you use the Our application (the “App”).
Loadcomplete, inc. and its affiliated entities (collectively, 'Loadcomplete’ or 'we') respects the privacy rights of our online users and is committed to protect the personal information collected about or provided by you. We have adopted this Online Privacy Policy ('Privacy Policy') to guide how we store, collect, manage and use the personal information you provided in connection with the Service.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected by Loadcomplete through use of the App & Web Services on the following platforms(collectively, ‘platforms’ or ‘Serviced Platforms’): Facebook Web/Canvas Games, Facebook Gameroom, Facebook Pages, Apple App Store, Google Play Store. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that may be collected offline. Moreover, this Privacy Policy applies to the Service, but not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may provide links. When you link to these websites, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. We are therefore not responsible for the content or activities provided or created on such sites.
By using and accessing the Service provided by Loadcomplete, you signify your acceptance to our Online Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and we will notify you of the updates by revising the last updated date at the top of this document in addition to providing additional notifications or consent renewal requests depending on the specific modifications. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.
Information Collected
In order to give you the best experience in use of the Service, Loadcomplete may collect information about you from your account on serviced platforms, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us, in accordance with the policies and terms of the serviced platforms. Additionally, we may obtain information from you through your access; your email of a question to our customer service desk; or your purchase of a virtual product of any type. Further, we may ask you for personal information (such as name or email address) if you choose to sign up for any particular Service we offer (such as a newsletter or reminder service). In all such cases, the information provided will not be disclosed to third parties and will be used solely for the purpose of providing you with the Service.
The types of personal information collected in conjunction with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The requested information may include: (i) your name, (ii) ) email address, and, for those purchasing products or services online, credit card and billing information; and (iii) information about the identity of your friends.
For some activities, Loadcomplete may also ask you to provide other personal information such as: (i) your age or date of birth; (ii) your gender; (iii) your game and platform preferences; (iv) your favorite quotes, websites, friend information and fan pages; and, (v) other game-related information (collectively referred to as 'demographic information'). If demographic information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, Loadcomplete may combine your demographic information with your personal information.
You may provide us with another person’s email address to invite that person to participate in the Service. Loadcomplete may but is not obligated to use this information to contact the person to join the Service and in all events will do so only with your express permission.
Use of Information collected.
Loadcomplete will only use the personal information collected from you or from the serviced platforms for the operation of the Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the serviced platforms. Loadcomplete does not rent, lease, loan, sell, voluntarily distribute or redistribute your personal information to any unaffiliated third parties.
Loadcomplete may use your email address or other personal information to send you a newsletter, marketing or advertising materials, or service announcements that tell you about updates to our Privacy Policy, changes in pricing, changes to our online service or customer service policies, and other related service changes. Loadcomplete will not voluntarily disclose this personal information to unaffiliated third parties for any other purpose. Information collected either directly from you or from the Serviced Platforms is solely used in the operation of the Service. For example, personal and/or demographic information collected through one of the activities set forth above may be used for our internal demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online products and services we provide you and better meet your needs. Additionally, we may use information that we collected to ensure that someone who is cheating is excluded, and to enforce our rights under our Terms of Service.
No matter what method we use to collect information and no matter how we use that information, we will only collect the information deemed reasonably necessary to fulfill your online requests and our legitimate business objectives, and such information will not be provided to any third parties.
Consistent with Loadcomplete’ Copyright and Intellectual Property Policy and in its sole discretion, we reserve the right to remove any of your personal information or content from the Service if we receive a notice of intellectual property infringement or other complaint.
Warning Note about Message Boards
Note that whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on our message board, that information can be collected and used by people you do not know. While we strive to protect those who wish to participate in these activities, we cannot guarantee the security and privacy of any information that you post in these areas and you acknowledge this fact.
Other Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Notwithstanding any other terms of this Privacy Policy, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability.
In addition, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, customer information may be transferred to Loadcomplete’ successor or assign, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
We may also share aggregate information about our visitors to our Service. For example, we may say a particular game title's audience is X% female and Y% male. This data is used to customize the content and advertising of our Service to deliver better experience for our visitors. It can also help to tailor our products and services to meet the needs of our customers.
We may send to your web browser, directly or in directly, advertisements you see when you visit our Service. However, we may allow other companies, called third party ad servers, to serve advertisements within our Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities of, these other companies. If you want to prevent a third party ad server from sending or reading cookies on your computer, please contact us via email at operation@loadcomplete.com.
Not Providing Information
If you choose not to submit personal information when requested, you may not be able to use many of the features offered the Service.
Passive Means of Information Collection (Cookies, IP addresses, etc.)
Cookies
We may use cookies in the operation of the Service. A 'cookie' is a small bit of record-keeping information that sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer and to 'remember' things about the user's visit. For example, we may use cookies to keep track of your preferences and your username and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for this purpose. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to use many of the features of the Service.
IP Addresses
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. Although we do not generally collect IP addresses, we may collect and use your IP address when we feel it is necessary to protect our service, websites, customers, or others.
If you use the Service, we may collect other unique numbers associated with a computer's identity on a network.
Log Files
Other information that may be passively collected by Loadcomplete is in the form of logs - files that record website activity, including how many 'hits' a particular web page is getting (a.k.a. 'navigational data'). These entries are generated anonymously, and enable us to gather statistics about users' browsing habits, assess overall website activity, track interest in advertised sales, and maintain website security. We also use the log file entries for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and may be combined with data collected via cookies to help us aggregate behavior patterns of registered users.
Privacy Policy and Third Party Web Sites, Links, Advertisements and Services
You should be aware that while you are using our Service, you may be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and for which we are not responsible. Additionally, third parties provide advertisements and offer other products and services to you when you are using our Service, which may receive your IP address or other technology such as cookies, web beacons and the like. By using the Service, you consent to such use by third parties of your personal information, which is subject to the privacy policies of these third parties.
Following third party companies may receive your personal information:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Google: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Apple : https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/
You should consult the privacy policies of these third parties for more detailed information.
Privacy Rights
Ask a Question about Privacy Policy
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact our Privacy Policy Administrator via email at operation@loadcomplete.com
Policy Regarding Children Under 16
We do not knowingly collect personal information such as name and email address from children under 16. From time to time, certain portions of our Service may allow all users (including children under 16) to disclose a limited amount of personal information without first telling us their age or parental permission. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16 without the consent of the parents, we will delete the information as quickly as possible.
We recognize the importance of safeguarding the privacy of children and encourage parents to check and monitor their children's use of online activities regularly.
Policy Regarding Children Over 16
We request that any person under the age of majority in their jurisdiction ask the permission of their parents before providing any information to us or anyone else over the Internet.
Deletion of your personal information
You have the right to request for deletion of your personal information. To exercise your right, please send an email to operation@loadcomplete.com. We will verify your identity and respond to your request within 45 calendar days.
ADDENDUM
FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Please click here
to review additional disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA").
This Policy was last updated on 19 August 2024.