Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Best Online NEWS
Privacy Policy
Contents
We work hard to gather the best newspapers and magazines over the internet worldwide.
If you are the owner of a newspaper or magazine and want us to add it, please contact us and we'll be happy to do it.
Should you own a newspaper or magazine and don't want to appear in our apps, please contact us and we'll remove it.
We believe this is a “fair use”. Anyway, if you believe any content made available in our apps is violating any copyrights please contact us so we can investigate and remove inappropriate contents.
Please notice BestOn Apps is not responsible for what could be said on those newspapers or magazines. BestOn Apps doesn’t check in any way the accuracy or completeness of the information delivered by the newspapers/magazines that are listed in our apps. BestOn Apps does not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in this information.
We do our best to keep a great directory with many newspapers/magazines worldwide, but please notice that any newspapers/magazines may become unvailable or may even be removed at any time.
Logos and newspapers/magazines are properties of their copyright owners. No part of the data made available in our apps may in any form or by any means be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted without express written permission. As a user of this app, you agree to respect the licenses of each content (images…) made available in our apps. You are not allowed to : (1) extract or reproduce large parts of our database (2) use of robots, spiders, or any automatic device, or use of any manual process to copy or scrape the app Content for any purpose without the express written permission of BestOn Apps.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and we provide this policy which explains our information practices and usage.
Our apps may use device identifiers to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We may share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. You can learn more at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/
Our iOS and Android app may use your location to deliver optimized ads. You can turn on/off the location service API in the device settings.
We reserve the right to change this policy at anytime without notifying users.
20th, September 2018
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it