PRIVACY POLICY FOR OUR GAMES
MegaZebra GmbH, Steinsdorfstraße 2, 80538 München, Germany (“MegaZebra” or “we”), is a developer and publisher of games and mobile game applications that are made available via app stores including the Apple App Store, Google Play Store and Amazon Appstore, and other platforms such as Facebook (our “Games”). MegaZebra is responsible for providing Games and related services (such as support services, our website, competitions, newsletters, advertising etc.) (collectively, the “Services”) and for data processing.
Our services are not directed at children. However, some of our games have a mixed audience, and for these titles, we take additional steps to limit access to certain features based on the user’s age.
If you would like to find out more about MegaZebra and our Services, please visit the Imprint section of the Games or our Website
www.megazebra.com
.
In this data privacy policy, we will share what “personal data” or “personally identifiable data” mean, how we collect and what we do with the data, and why we do so. We will also let you know how we protect your data, when data will be deleted and which rights you as a data subject have. Personal data in this context are all individual information about personal or objective circumstances of a specific or identifiable natural person, e.g. your name, address or e-mail address, but also IP addresses and device-related identifiers. When you use our Games or access our Services, personal data is processed.
We hope to unite people in fun and enjoyment through our Games, so we create games that you can play and share with other people. This means that our Services can be accessed and shared with friends or in social networks. We believe that data protection is as important as uniting people through our Games and, therefore, we aim to protect your privacy as best as we can. If you use third party services – for example while playing one of our Games on Facebook – please note that those service providers will also collect personal data, that is not part of our service.
Who can I contact?
MegaZebra GmbH is responsible for their Services and for the protection of your data as a player. You can reach us at:
MegaZebra GmbH
Hochäckerstrasse 101
81737 München
Germany
If you have specific questions about your personal data, deletion of your personal data or similar things, you can contact us via e-mail at
info@megazebra.com
What are my rights?
You can contact us at any time if you have any questions about your rights regarding data protection or if you wish to exercise any of the following rights:
Right to withdraw your consent
in accordance with Art. 7 para. 3 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if you wish to cancel a previously given consent to a newsletter)
Right to access your data
in accordance with Art. 15 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if you would like to know what data we have stored about you)
Right to correct your data
in accordance with Art. 16 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if your e-mail address has changed and we should replace your old e-mail address)
Right to have your data deleted
in accordance with Art. 17 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if you want us to delete certain data that we have stored about you)
Right to limit data collection
in accordance with Art. 18 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if you do not want us to use your e-mail address for newsletters, but only to send absolutely necessary e-mails)
Right to take your data with you
in accordance with Art. 20 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us to receive your data, if you want to upload it to another service)
Right to object how your data is handled
in accordance with Art. 21 GDPR (e.g. you can contact us if you do not agree with any user analytics procedures as described within this privacy policy)
Right to send complaints
to the supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 para. 1 f GDPR (e.g. you can contact the data protection supervisory authority directly)
Deletion of data and storage periods
Unless otherwise stated, we will delete or anonymise your data as soon as it is no longer needed (e.g. your e-mail address after you have unsubscribed from our newsletter). Your data will also be deleted or anonymised automatically, if and when the mandatory storage period expires (e.g. those required by law for payment transactions). Such data may be needed for longer periods of time for legal reasons. You can request information about all personal data we have stored about you.
Request deletion of your user data
At any point, you can contact us if you want your user data deleted. For this, please send an email to info@megazebra.com with your user ID. Your user ID is found underneath the game or in the settings menu.
Data collected in our Games
When you use our Services, we collect and store certain data about you to provide our Games and Services, to improve your overall user experience and to provide you with customised offers (e.g. certain in-game offers that you might like based on your playing behaviour):
Temporary unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA and Android ID) and random device identification numbers (client IDs) and user identification numbers (user IDs)
Progress in the game and playing behaviour (e.g. how fast you reached a certain level or how you decorated your house)
In-app purchases (e.g. how many Diamonds you purchased for which price)
Game version (e.g. v1.23.111)
Language Settings (e.g. system language English)
IP address (e.g. 96.92.316.example or 2a02:7122:8337:1112:bdb2:651f:example)
Approximate location based on IP range (e.g. “Berlin & surrounding area”)
Internet provider (e.g. “Unity Media“ or “Deutsche Telekom“)
Internet connection speed (e.g. 120 Mbit)
Date and time of your game session (e.g. 11:45 on 25.05.2018)
Browser and version (e.g. Chrome v65 or Safari 11.1)
Operating system (e.g. MacOS, Android)
Hardware (e.g. Intel processor)
You may be aware that your IP address and other unique identifiers can theoretically be traced back to you or to the device you are playing on. As a safeguard to protect your privacy, we delete or anonymise identifiers in our database and most of the technical data after your game session. Any other data will only be used for statistical purposes to optimise the game, to serve interest-based ads (more information can be found below under “(Personalised) Advertising”) and to offer a more personalised gaming experience to you as our players (e.g. automatically setting the difficulty depending on your playing behaviour). The purpose of temporarily storing this data is to establish a connection with our game servers which is necessary for providing our Games and Services as well as to provide a more personalised gaming experience to you. The legal basis are the contract with you in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and also the legitimate interest in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. In addition, we apply the aforementioned safeguards to protect your data.
Mobile app and app permissions
When downloading our Games as mobile apps or purchasing in-app items inside the Games through an app platform (e.g. Apple App Store or Google Play Store), you submit certain information to that platform, in particular your account data, e.g. your name, device identifiers, e-mail address and payment information. We have no influence on this data collection and are not responsible for it.
Some features of our Games require the app to access certain functions and services on your device. Depending on which mobile operating system you are using, this may require you to accept certain app permissions. We will now explain to you what those permissions are as follows:
iOS
Push notifications: If you select OK in the “Allow push notifications” pop up, you allow the app to notify you of certain events inside the game, even if the app is not currently open. You will then receive alerts as sounds, messages and/or symbol indicators (an image or a number on the app icon).
Game Center: We also provide a connection to the Game Center service from Apple, which is subject to Apple’s Privacy Policy, available at
https://www.apple.com/privacy
. When you use the service, e.g. to receive notifications about achievements, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You need to consider which personal information you choose to submit.
Android
External Storage (Change or delete the contents of your external storage, read the contents of your external storage): These functions allow the app to temporarily store content on your device. The app only uses its own memory storage for this purpose. Other data on the external storage will not be erased, modified or read.
Internet Connection (Get Internet data, view full network access, network and Wi-Fi connections): These functions allow the app to obtain data from the Internet and to determine whether a connection to the Internet exists via a Wi-Fi network or via a mobile data connection. This is to prevent that larger amounts of data may use too much of limited data volumes.
Deactivate hibernation: This function allows the app to deactivate the idle state of the phone (e.g. to display videos without switching off the screen).
As a safeguard to protect your privacy, all app permissions are optional, except for the technical permissions needed for the app to run. You can always decline (by clicking “no” or “do not accept” in your device settings). You can also revoke app permissions afterwards by changing the corresponding settings on your device. The purpose of asking for those app permissions is to keep you and the game updated on game updates, game related news and notifications. The legal basis is your consent in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Connecting with Facebook
You can play some of our Games directly on Facebook or connect the game with your Facebook account details. If you do either of those, you will be able to use your Facebook account to log in on multiple devices and synchronise your saved game status across different devices. We will not store your friends lists and contacts and there is no permanent link between the game and your Facebook account, you can always disconnect your Facebook profile from the game you are playing. The underlying service is provided by Facebook and further details can be found in Facebook’s Privacy Policy (
http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
). The connection with Facebook will not allow us to post anything to your Facebook page without your permission. We will receive some of the following Facebook account information, depending on what you choose to provide:
P
ublic profile information (e.g. Facebook name, your profile picture and other public information etc.)
Friends list (friends you are connected with on Facebook)
E-Mail address (the e-mail address you use to log in to Facebook)
Facebook game specific ID related to your profile and the game you are playing (not your Facebook ID)
We use this information to improve your gaming experience (e.g. you can see which of your friends are playing the same game as you are and the other way around) and also for market research and advertising, but only following anonymisation.
As a safeguard to protect your privacy and the privacy of your friends, Facebook lets you choose which of your Facebook information you want to share with us (except for the required profile information) and we ensure that personal information is deleted or anonymised, so that it cannot be traced back to you in our systems. Since some of the Facebook services are located in the USA and thus in a country outside the EU and the EEA (a third country), further safeguards are required to ensure that your data is protected in accordance with a European level of data protection. Facebook has been certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield for the ad-related services and has thus demonstrated a sufficient level of data protection (
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacyshield
). The purpose of collecting and storing this information is to connect you with your friends on Facebook, to provide you with a cross-platform gaming experience, to synchronise your saved game status and to offer personalised advertising. The legal basis is your consent – when choosing to connect your Facebook account – in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR.
Purpose of the Processing
We process Personal Data for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide Products, Services, or Information Requested
including to manage user information and accounts; respond to questions, comments, and other requests; provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; answer requests for customer or technical support; and allow you to register for events.
For Administrative Purposes
including to measure interest and engagement on our Services; conduct research and development; improve or develop new products and Services; ensure internal quality control; verify an individual’s identity; communicate with you about your account, activities on our Services and policy changes; process your financial information and other payment methods for products or Services purchased; process applications and transactions; prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and enforce our terms.
To Market Our Products and Services
including to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include to tailor content, advertisements, and offers; to notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you; to provide Services to you and our sponsors; and other purposes you consent to or are disclosed when you provide Personal Data.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of our email communications to you.
To Communicate with You
including to collect Personal Data from you such as email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
To Conduct Surveys
including contacting you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Data.
To Allow You to Use our Interactive Features
such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, and social media pages. MegaZebra and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and may not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein.
To Allow You to Register for Sweepstakes or Contests
including processing contact information you provide may be used to reach you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of winners.
To De-Identify and Aggregate Information
. We may use Personal Data and other information about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, de-identified or aggregated trends, reports, or statistics, de-identified or aggregated information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
Other Uses
We may use Personal Data to pursue our legitimate interests, research (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention. In addition, MegaZebra may use Personal Data for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Data or with your consent.
(Personalised) Advertising
We use advertising technologies in our Games and exchange ad identifiers with external advertising networks to allow personalised advertising within our Games. We and our trusted partners collect and process the Apple Advertising ID (IDFA) on iOS devices and the Google Advertising ID on Android devices to allow interest-based advertising and measure the success of aforementioned advertising. Advertising IDs are unique but at the same time non-personalised and non-permanent identification numbers provided by your operating system and device. We will now explain how to activate or deactivate the advertising technologies within the mobile apps as follows:
iOS
Open the “Settings” application of iOS and select the “Privacy” menu item and then the “Advertising” sub-item. If you activate the “Limit ad tracking” option, we can only take limited measures such as identifying unique users or combating fraud. In the same menu you can always delete the IDFA (“Reset Ad-ID”), then a new ID is created which is not merged with the data collected earlier.
Android
Open the “Settings” application and select the “Google” menu item. Depending on your device, this option may not be visible on the main menu but you may use the search function at the top of the Settings menu to find it. From there, select the “Ads” sub-item and activate the option “Opt out of Ads Personalisation” to prevent the creation of profiles and the display of interest-based advertising. You can delete the advertising ID in the same menu at any time (“Reset advertising ID”), then a new ID will be created which will not be merged with the previously collected data.
As a safeguard to protect your privacy, we only store personal information temporarily. Additionally, the user can deactivate interest-based advertising in the device settings as described above. We also ensure that our external service providers are committed to a high level of data protection by concluding data protection agreements. The purpose is to improve our Games and provide the player with more relevant ads. The information collected helps us to improve our websites and Games and – at the same time – keep our Games free for a wide player base. The legal basis is the legitimate interest in accordance with the European data protection requirements under Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR, which we evaluated together with our data protection officer. In addition, a data processing agreements were concluded with external ad technology providers networks in accordance with the requirements of Art. 28 GDPR.
Last updated: February 2025
Terms of Service
Start typing and press Enter to search
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.apple.com/privacy/:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
5 total results
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more
Sub-policy 1
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacyshield:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
Other policies and articles
Settings
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks Disclosure for Meta Platforms, Inc.
About this Notice
Effective July 30, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Meta Platforms, Inc. and its wholly-owned U.S. subsidiaries (collectively, “Meta”) have certified our participation in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (collectively, the "DPF") with the U.S. Department of Commerce. This certification relates to Meta’s processing of personal information received from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland under the DPF in connection with our
certification
. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Disclosure and the DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF, or to review our
certification
on the DPF list, visit the DPF
website
.
What this disclosure covers
Meta follows the DPF for all personal information received from the EEA or Switzerland under the DPF in relation to the
Certified Data Categories
.
Please see the relevant
Privacy Policy
and/or other policies associated with the
Certified Data Categories
for details about:
The types of personal information processed
The purposes for which personal information is processed
The types of third parties to which personal information is disclosed
An individual’s right to access personal information
Any choices and means offered to limit the use and disclosure of personal information
How personal information is disclosed in response to legal requests when necessary
Enforcement
Meta’s compliance with the DPF is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.  In accordance with the DPF, Meta is also liable for onward transfers to third parties that process personal information in a way that does not follow the DPF unless Meta was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
Questions and disputes
Please
email us
with any questions or concerns about our DPF certification. You can resolve any applicable disputes with us related to our certification free of charge through TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. You can contact TRUSTe through the
TRUSTe Feedback and Resolution System
. In some situations, the DPF Framework gives you the right to invoke binding arbitration. You can do this to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the
DPF Framework
.
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies