ESC
✕
All
0
Products
0
Showcase
0
Blog
0
Search Products, Showcases, And Blogs
Products
Showcase
Blog
Privacy Policy – InspireUI
inspireUI Ltd (“
INSPIRE
”) operates several websites and services including
inspireui.com
. It is INSPIRE’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, INSPIRE collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. INSPIRE’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how INSPIRE’s visitors use its websites. From time to time, INSPIRE may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
INSPIRE also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged-in users and for users leaving comments on its blogs.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to INSPIRE’s websites choose to interact with INSPIRE in ways that require INSPIRE to gather personally identifying information. The amount and type of information that INSPIRE gathers depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a demo at
inspireui.com
to provide their name and email address for us to provide a demonstration of their app. Those who engage in transactions with INSPIRE – by purchasing access to the InspireUI services, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, INSPIRE collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with INSPIRE. INSPIRE does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it will prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities, like receiving a demo or purchasing any of our services.
Aggregated Statistics
INSPIRE may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. However, INSPIRE does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
INSPIRE discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on INSPIRE’s behalf or to provide services available at INSPIRE’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using INSPIRE’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. INSPIRE will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, INSPIRE discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order, or another governmental request, or when INSPIRE believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of INSPIRE, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an INSPIRE website and have supplied your email address, INSPIRE may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new services, features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with INSPIRE and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. INSPIRE takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Third-party services
INSPIRE uses a number of third-party services to analyze and take action on the data you provide, with the intention of improving our services and providing a better customer experience, these include Intercom for customer support, Google Analytics, Woopra, and MixPanel for visitor and user analytics, Profitwell for dunning emails, MailChimp and Drip for email newsletters, Facebook and Google Adwords’s pixels for advertising and conversion tracking, Perfect Audience for retargeting, LeadDyno and FirstPromoter for our affiliate program.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. INSPIRE uses cookies to help INSPIRE identify and track visitors, their usage of INSPIRE websites, and their website access preferences. INSPIRE visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using INSPIRE’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of INSPIRE’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If INSPIRE, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that INSPIRE goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and that any acquirer of INSPIRE may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, INSPIRE may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in INSPIRE’s sole discretion. INSPIRE encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
This document is available under a
Creative Commons Sharealike license
. The document is derived from the original work by Automattic, San Francisco, California, makers of WordPress.
Information we collect
The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect in various ways, including to:
Provide, operate, and maintain our website
Improve, personalize, and expand our website
Understand and analyze how you use our website
Develop new products, services, features, and functionality
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposes
Send you emails
Find and prevent fraud
CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:
Request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business deletes any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
GDPR Data Protection Rights
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
This website use cookies. By using this website, you automatically accept that.
Got It!
Our Products
Showcase ✨
Features
About
Flutter
React Native
WooCommerce
Shopify
Magento
Prestashop
Opencart
Wordpress
BigCommerce
fluxbuilder.com
No-code App Builder
Free