We use cookies and other techniques to improve and personalise your experience and ads together with third parties.
Manage preferences
OK
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://privacyportal-de.onetrust.com/webform/5fffb107-8d8a-49e5-bdda-be5d78615bc7/5e662c3e-31ca-49fe-a8b1-bfef7431a149:
Use this form to submit your privacy-related request or question to the Just Eat Takeaway.com Privacy Council.
This form is strictly for privacy related queries. We respect your privacy and will process your personal data strictly for the purpose of handling your privacy request. Some information is required (see ‘*’) to allow us to handle your privacy request. All personal data will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
Country
Enter the country where you ordered, applied, or worked.
For Partners: Enter the country where you are located.
*
Subject Type
Required
Customer
Just Eat Takeaway.com Employee
Applicant
Partner
Courier
Courier Type
Required
Just Eat Takeaway.com Courier
Restaurant Driver (own delivery)
First Name
Last Name
Enter the last name of the data subject
Email
Enter the email address you used to place orders; apply for a position or communicate during your work.
Request Details:
Please provide information about your request or complaint.
0/ 5000
Request Information
A
fter clicking "submit request" you will be sent an automatic email from our system OneTrust in order to verify your identity at the email address you filled in. If you did not receive an email notification, please check your spam folder.
By clicking the "submit request" button you are confirming that your request details are accurate. The request will be processed in accordance with, and subject to, the applicable law(s).
Submit request
Enter the country where you ordered, applied, or worked.
For Partners: Enter the country where you are located.
Please select if you used our services as a customer or corporate customer.
Please select if you are employed by JET.  Do not select if you are a courier.
Please select if you applied for a position at Just Eat Takeaway.com.
Please select if you are a Restaurant or Grocery Partner owner/employee.
Please select if you pick up orders from a restaurant(s) and deliver orders to customers.
Example: Scoober Courier
Courier working for a partner of JET
Enter the last name of the data subject
Enter the email address you used to place orders; apply for a position or communicate during your work.
Please provide information about your request or complaint.