Home
/
Legal
/
Privacy Policy Statement
Legal
Avid Advantage Terms and Conditions
Avid DNxHD List of Patent Rights
Avid Learning Services
Avid On Demand Agreement
Avid Product Warranty Documents
AvidPlay End User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Copyright Complaint Policy
Digital Returns Policy
End User License Terms for Avid Software
Managing cookies
Patent Marking
Physical Returns Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Product Sales Terms
Services Terms and Conditions
Social contests
Subscription Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Trademarks and Other Notices
More in this section
In this section
Legal
Avid Advantage Terms and Conditions
Avid DNxHD List of Patent Rights
Avid Learning Services
Avid On Demand Agreement
Avid Product Warranty Documents
AvidPlay End User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Copyright Complaint Policy
Digital Returns Policy
End User License Terms for Avid Software
Managing cookies
Patent Marking
Physical Returns Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Product Sales Terms
Services Terms and Conditions
Social contests
Subscription Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Trademarks and Other Notices
Privacy Policy Statement - Avid Technology
Avid Technology, Inc. has created this Privacy Policy Statement in order to inform you of our commitment to privacy and to describe our policies for the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by Avid when you visit our websites or use certain Avid products. In a few cases, Avid’s other websites may contain additional privacy policies. Your visits to those sites will be governed by the privacy policies, if any, that govern those sites.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT BEFORE USING THIS SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT, DO NOT USE THE SITE. BY SUBMITTING ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT.
Your use of this site is also subject to the
Terms of Use
. Please review those Terms of Use for additional details regarding your use of this site.
GENERAL INFORMATION
IP Addresses and Cookies
Generally speaking, you may visit the site while remaining anonymous.
Our websites automatically log your IP address and domain name, and non-personal information such as the type of web browser you use, to help us administer the sites and to compile statistics such as the number of visitors.
Our websites use cookies to identify you over multiple visits to the site, for example, to remember your country and provide country-specific content. Cookies are optional, and you can block or delete them. However, some parts of our websites (e.g. chat pages, Online Store) will not work without cookies. Cookies may also be used to track visitor behavior on the website, which allows visitors to be retargeted with digital advertising that reflects their past behavior on the site.
The Types of Cookies Avid Uses
Session cookies: These cookies are temporary and expire once you leave the site. Session cookies are mainly used by online stores to hold your items in the basket while you are shopping online.
Persistent cookies: Persistent cookies may stay on your disk for a long time after the session is ended. These cookies may hold data such as login details, contact information and account numbers, so that you don’t have to type them in every time you use the site. When using the Avid Online Store, persistent cookies may use data to hold items in your shopping cart or send you reminders about items you have left in your shopping cart but have not yet purchased.
Avid also permits third-party advertising partners to use cookies and other technology to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use our site. Through a process called “retargeting,” each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit our site so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity.
For information on how to disable cookies on your computer, visit the
Managing cookies
page.
Submission of Personal Information
Certain portions of the site may require that you submit some personal information, such as your name and email address, before using those portions of the site. At minimum, you are typically required to register with the site and provide your name or email address before using any of the members only areas of the site. For some services, such as forums, Avid Link, customer support features, registering for events or contests, downloading software or uploading content, you may have to create an account, and submit additional personal information such as your mailing address.
Use of Personal Information
Avid uses information it collects to provide the services and information you select, to better understand its customers, to provide better products and services, and to assist with site administration, such as with troubleshooting any problems, detecting fraud, resolving disputes, and for any purposes deemed necessary or required by Avid to enforce the Terms of Use and other terms or conditions applicable to any portion of the site.
We also use this information to send you information about Avid, or other topics Avid thinks may be of interest to you, such as product information or updates. As part of its business, Avid works with authorized partners, such as authorized resellers, to provide you with the services and information. As part of those activities, Avid may share your information with those authorized entities so that they can directly provide the information or services to you.
The processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by completing this
form
. For product support and troubleshooting, please contact Avid Customer Care by clicking
here
.
In order to enter into a contract regarding the purchase of Avid’s products or services, you must provide us with the required personal data. If you do not provide us with all the required information, it will not be possible to deliver the product or service.
Avid keeps the information you provide for as long as you remain an active user of the site and recipient of our information.
Avid Huddle Users: Personal information collected is shared within Avid Huddle solely to collaborate and enhance the user experience. Summary files containing annotations and linked author information are made available to all participants in the session.
Aggregation and Use of Anonymous Data
Avid aggregates information provided by you to create anonymous statistical and demographic data. This anonymous data helps Avid to understand and know its customer base better. That anonymous data may be provided to third parties but never in such a fashion as to identify you personally.  Some Avid products and websites use Google Analytics for the collection of anonymous data.
Learn more about how Google uses data collected using Google Analytics.
The Google Analytics features that Avid employs are as follows:
General Features related to browsing behavior such as: browser type/version and language, operating system type/version, device type/version, domains, page views, referring/exit pages, location data such as country, information about how you interact with our Site’s webpages and with third-party links, traffic and usage trends.
Demographics and Interest Reports: Age, Gender, Interest Data.
Advertising and Remarketing: This includes data from Google's signed-in users who have chosen to enable Google to associate their web and app browsing history with their Google account, and to use such information from their Google account to personalize ads.
User ID Tracking: To combine sessions across multiple devices and interactions for logged-in users.
Site Search Tracking: What a user typed into the sites search feature.
eCommerce Tracking: Information related to product purchased, price, date and time of purchase, order #, etc.
Enhanced eCommerce Tracking: Information related to products viewed, products added/removed to cart, onsite promotions clicked, currency, refunds, etc.
You can opt out of Google Analytics by using this tool:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Third Parties
Except where noted below, Avid does not sell to third parties information you have submitted to this site that identifies you personally.
On occasion, Avid may offer in conjunction with third parties certain services that may require you to share your personal information with that third party as a condition for receiving that service. In addition, if you purchase third party products on the Avid Online Store, Avid may share your information with the manufacturer of that product. While Avid will treat any information it receives in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement, Avid will not be responsible for the information submitted by you to that third party, and we remind you to review the applicable rules and any third party's applicable privacy policies separately before participating in such service. Avid may also work with third party publishers and vendors to serve digital advertising across relevant sites on the Internet. Third party vendors may also use cookies to serve digital ads based on a person’s past visits to the Avid site.
Marketing Opt-Out and Unsubscribe Requests
Typically, you accept to receive communications when you submit information to the site. If you wish to remove your information from the site registration database and no longer receive future communications or use any services, you may do so through the
Avid Subscription Center
. Please note that it may take us a reasonable amount of time to process your request.
Even if you decline to receive information or cancel your account, Avid reserves the right to use the information you previously provided to provide you with the Avid products and services you are eligible to receive and to contact you about administrative matters relating to your use of any portion of the site, your account, or about any issues relating to the Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy Statement, or any other policy then in-effect (for example, the
Copyright Complaint Policy
).
Public Forums for User Materials
Certain portions of the site are designed to offer you the opportunity to post information on the site, including but not limited to information about yourself ("User Materials"). You should always remember that publicly displayed information is public. For example, you may be permitted to post your resume information, a video you have created, or to post messages in any chat rooms, message boards, mailing lists, and/or news groups this site makes available to its users. If you use a forum, bulletin board or chat room on an Avid website, you should be aware that any information you share is visible to other users. Personally identifiable information you submit to one of these forums can be read, collected, or used by other individuals to send you unsolicited messages. Avid is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
Please see the
Terms of Use
for additional terms related to Avid’s forums and posting of User Materials.
Law Enforcement
As noted in the Terms of Use, Avid intends to cooperate with any order or request from law enforcement officials or a court of competent jurisdiction for information as to the identity of individuals submitting or posting information to Avid or on this site. Such orders or requests supersede the terms of this Privacy Policy Statement. Similarly, notifications of claimed copyright infringement, counter notifications or other information submitted to and necessary to process a notification under our Copyright Complaint Policy are also exempt from this Privacy Policy.
Avid Links to Other Sites and Advertising
This site may display advertisements and/or links to third parties. Avid is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Please refer to that company's privacy policy for further information.
Surveys
From time to time, Avid may make online surveys available to users of the site. Participation in such surveys is voluntary. Some online surveys may ask participants for personal information, such as an email address, in addition to requesting answers to survey questions. Avid may use that personal information to contact the participant if necessary, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy Statement. Avid may make the results of any survey publicly available, although Avid will not attribute any particular response to you without your permission.
Contests
On occasion, Avid may make available to users of the site contests, sweepstakes, or similar events in which they may qualify for participation. Participation is always voluntary and subject to the applicable rules. The rules may ask participants to provide personal information as a condition of participation. Avid may also make the winner's names public, as provided in the applicable rules, or as required by law. Avid may also use that information as described above. In some instances, the applicable rules may contain additional or different uses for the information you provide; please be sure to review those rules carefully before entering.
Avid may permit a third party to sponsor a survey, contest, sweepstakes, or other similar event ("third party event") with Avid, such as through posting it on the site. Such third-party events are governed solely by any applicable rules and may require you to provide information to that third party as a condition for participation. While Avid will treat any information it receives in accordance with this Privacy Policy Statement, Avid is not responsible for the information gathered by that third party, and Avid reminds you to review the rules and privacy policies separately applicable to those third-party events.
CHILDREN
Some of Avid’s websites may appeal to children; however, we do not wish to receive data from children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites their children visit. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, Avid’s website by visitors under 18 years of age.
SUPPORT DATA
Data gathered in providing customer support will be used to provide customers with support, including purposes compatible with providing support, such as troubleshooting recurring issues and improvements to support products and services.
SECURITY
General Issues
Generally speaking, this site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. No security measures are 100% effective and Avid does not warrant the security of your personal information.  Since the site under general usage does not collect financial information, Avid uses the standard internet connections for those general usage portions of the site, without secured sockets.
Specific Services
This site may provide certain additional, optional services that may use additional security measures to protect the information, such as financial information, provided by you to obtain the service. Those additional security measures may vary, depending upon the particular service offered. You will be informed of any specific security measures at the time you register for a particular service. Please review that information for further detail.
Site Registration
In some cases, you may be prompted to register with the site to undertake a particular site activity or obtain a particular service. As part of that registration, you may be asked to choose your own password. Avid reminds you to protect your password, and not provide it to others to use. Allowing others to access and use your account and password can compromise the security of your information. Avid disclaims any responsibility or obligation for your decision to provide your password to others.
RIGHTS UNDER THE GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
Under GDPR regulation, you have the right to (a) be informed about Avid’s use of your data, (b) to access the data Avid has collected from you, (c) to correct any mistakes in the data Avid has collected, (d) the right to have the data Avid has collected erased, (e) to restrict processing (f) data portability, (g) object to the collection and processing of information, and (h) to not be profiled. To exercise any of these rights, please complete this
form
.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS
Please note that the information you enter on the site or otherwise provide to Avid Technology, or its subsidiaries or divisions, may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area, for purposes of processing, by Avid Technology, Inc. a company located in Burlington, Massachusetts, U.S.A., or its subsidiaries or Avid's subsidiaries or divisions, or authorized partners, located worldwide, in order to provide this site and its services to you. You are advised that the United States uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. You are further advised that the Council of the European Union has found that this model does not provide "adequate" privacy protections as contemplated by Article 25 of the European Union's Data Directive. (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L 281) 31)
Article 26 of the European Union's Data Directive allows for transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of personal information, regardless of the third country's level of protection.
By agreeing to this Policy, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States and the processing of that information as described in this Policy.
RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
Under the CCPA, California residents have the right to (a) request disclosure of Avid’s practices regarding the collection and/or sale of personal data (including the categories of personal information we collect, the source of that information, our use of that information, and, if personal data has been disclosed or sold to a third party, the categories of personal information we have disclosed or sold and the categories of third parties to whom such information was disclosed or sold), (b) request a copy of individual personal information that we have collected in the twelve (12) month period before your request, (c) request deletion of individual personal information that we have collected (subject to the permitted exceptions for retention of such personal information under the CCPA), (d) request that individual personal data not be sold to third parties, if applicable, and (e) not be discriminated against for exercising any of these aforementioned rights.
The below chart documents each of these requirements:
Identifiers
Names; aliases; postal addresses; unique personal identifiers; online identifiers; IP addresses; email addresses; account names.
We collect this information through: registration processes, including registering for an Avid master account, Avid community forum or the Avid Customer Association (ACA); via the voluntary completion of online forms and surveys; through event registrations and contest submissions; as part of the product/service purchase process; through the collection of cookies when you visit and interact with our site; and in requests for customer service and when reporting bugs.
We use this information: to complete purchases on our site; to send you information about products, services, and events that may be of interest to you or for which you have registered or indicated an interest; for lead generation; to set up and manage your Avid master account, forum or ACA membership and your email preferences; to enable you to use products and services you have purchased; to respond to your requests for technical assistance; to track your interactions with our site and products so that we may improve our website and the content of our communications to fit your interests; and for legal and compliance purposes.
We disclose this information to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include marketing, cart abandonment, payment processing, information management, remote access services for providing customer service, and license and compliance verification services.
In the event that you purchase a third-party product from the Avid Online Store or within an Avid application, we share limited amounts of this information with the third-party licensor in order to complete the purchase. We also share information with third party partners or technology or service providers who provide services or features incorporated into our products (as indicated in the terms of use for the particular product).
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute
Signatures; phone numbers; payment/credit card information; see also “Identifiers” (address) (above), “Professional or employment-related information” (below), and “Education information” (below).
We collect phone numbers through registration processes, including registering for an Avid master account or the ACA, through the voluntary completion of online forms and surveys, through requests for customer service, and as part of the product/service purchase process. Payment information is collected indirectly by third party payment processors, such as Digital River, Arvato, Zuora, and Cvent, who process sales on Avid’s behalf (see our Terms of Use for more details) or through our direct sales and customer support contacts. We use this information to communicate with you about our products, services and events, for lead generation, to provide troubleshooting services to you, to complete purchases, and for legal and compliance purposes.
We collect customer signatures in connection with police reports required to be submitted to report stolen license keys.
We disclose this information solely to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include information management and compliance verification services.
In the event that you purchase a third-party product from the Avid Online Store or within an Avid application, we share limited amounts of this information with the third-party licensor in order to complete the purchase.
Commercial information
Records of products/services purchased, obtained or considered, and purchasing histories/tendencies.
We collect this information through the collection of cookies when you visit and interact with our site, and through the product/service purchase process.
We use this information to complete purchases on our site, for subscription management, to verify customer service entitlement, for verification of eligibility for Avid community forums, to better tailor our communications to you based on your preferences and interests, for lead generation, and for legal and compliance purposes.
We disclose this information solely to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include marketing, information management, and compliance verification services.
In the event that you purchase a third-party product from the Avid Online Store or within an Avid application, we share limited amounts of this information with the third-party licensor in order to complete the purchase.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
Age.
You may optionally include your date of birth in your Avid Link account information. We do not use this information.
We do not disclose this information.
Biometric information/Sensory data
Individual physiological, biological or behavioral characteristics, including an individual’s facial imagery or voice recordings.
Some of Avid’s products have features that allow users to upload audio and video content which may contain human facial imagery or voice recordings to the cloud or to third-party social media platforms. We do not use this information.
We do not disclose this information.
Internet and other electronic network activity
Browsing history; search history; information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
We collect this information through the collection of cookies when you visit and interact with our site.
We use this information to send you information about products, services, and events that may be of interest to you; for lead generation; and to track your interactions with our site and products so that we may improve our website and the content of our communications to fit your interests.
We disclose this information to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include marketing services.
Geolocation data
Time zone information; see also “Identifiers” (postal addresses; IP addresses) (above).
You may indicate your time zone in the registration process for Avid’s community forums. This information will appear next to your username when you post in the forum.
We do not disclose your time zone information. However, as indicated in the forum registration process, this information is publicly available when you post in the forum.
Professional or employment-related information
Employer; status; industry; role; skills.
We collect this information through: registration processes, including registering for an Avid master account, Avid community forum or the Avid Customer Association (ACA); via the voluntary completion of online forms and surveys; through event registrations; and in responding to your requests for technical assistance. You may voluntarily provide this information on your Avid Link profile.
We use this information to better tailor our communications to you based on your interests and skills, to verify certain educational discounts, and to better tailor event and web content to suit our customers’ interests.
We disclose this information solely to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include verification services for educational discounts.
Education information
Student grades.
We receive the grades students achieve on Avid exams from our Avid Learning Partners as part of our Avid Learning Partner Program. We only use this information for certification purposes and for statistical tracking, such as overall exam passage/failure rates and number of certifications per Partner.
We do not disclose this information.
Inferences drawn from the above categories
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, predispositions, behaviors, and skills.
We collect this information as described above. We use this information to send you information about products, services, and events that may be of interest to you; for lead generation; and to track your interactions with our site and products so that we may improve our website and the content of our communications and events to fit your interests.
We disclose this information to service providers, which use the information only on behalf of and for the benefit of Avid, for the purposes described in the previous column. Such services include marketing services.
California residents have the right to request such information up to two times in any twelve (12) month period. We will respond to requests under the CCPA within forty-five (45) days of receiving such a request. To exercise any of these rights, please complete the
Avid Compliance webform
. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request as described above. In addition, you may make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To be considered “verifiable,” the request must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person to which the personal information request relates, or you are an authorized representative permitted to submit such a request on behalf of another; and describe with sufficient detail the request, such that we can understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
With the exception of a limited amount of information collected from Avid Connect event registrants, which is shared with paying sponsors of that event, we do not sell any personal information. During the Avid Connect event registration process, a registrant is given the option of agreeing to the sharing of the registrant’s personal information (specifically, name, address, email address, telephone number, and employment) with event sponsors, or to “opt-out” of such sharing. If you have registered for Avid Connect and wish to verify your opt in/opt out status, please contact
ACA@avid.com
. Please note that
only
registered Avid Connect attendees may use this email address to check their opt in/opt out status. Requests sent to this address for any other information, including personal information access or erasure requests, will be ignored.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
If and when Avid makes changes to this site and its products and services, Avid may have to update this Privacy Policy Statement to better reflect those changes. Because changes to this site or updates to this Privacy Policy Statement may occur, you should review this Privacy Policy Statement from time to time. Remember, your decision to continue using this site after this Privacy Policy Statement is updated will signify that you have agreed to any new terms.
CUSTOMER-RELATED CONCERNS (CORRECT/UPDATE/DELETE)
In order to change or modify information previously provided, access the Account Info section of your myAvid Account.
If you need assistance with customer related issues such as product concerns, account issues, subscription inquiries, payment changes, please visit
Customer Care
.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact the Data Privacy Officer at the following address and email:
Data Privacy Officer
Avid Technology, Inc.
75 Network Drive
Burlington, MA 01803
U.S.A
privacy@avid.com