Our tough security and privacy policy keeps your trusted information safe and private. Information can only be accessed by staffs to assist you, access is only available to third parties if you have given written permission or is to assist in criminal investigations. Wholesale7.net is the sole owner of information collected on this site and we guarantee that we will not sell, share, or rent your information to any outside parties.
Collecting information
We promise to do the following:
. Properly collect your information such as credit card numbers on pages protected by SSL technology;
. Do not sell user contact information;
. Will not use the your personal information or pictures for advertising without the your consent;
. Our website must not have the primary purpose of collecting users’ personal information;
. Except for the following circumstances, we will not collect your personal information by providing free gifts or taking incentive measures:
. Provided when users purchase goods
. Be part of the marketing campaign
By using Wholesale7.net you have already authorized us to collect, store and use your personal information to
. Process your orders;
. Process your membership registration;
. Assist you in a customer service inquiries;
. Send you promotional material;
. Identify you on me-poppy.blogspot.
. Assist in calculating commissions for; affiliate, dropship, wholesale or review programs;
. Verify your identity with our payment partners.
What information do we collect and store?
Registered email/ password /nickname/ zip code/shipping address/IP address/ the date and time/ browser and operating system/ the URL you requested/ your PayPal email / your PayPal shipping address and other information. Some examples of why we need this information include assisting in pre-orders, delivery, payment verification, promotions and newsletters, statistics on website use to aid in improving our customer experience and offering the most popular products. To contact you about sales, special offers and new site features, unless you have elected not to receive promotional communications in connection with this website. If you no longer want to receive our newsletter, you can click the unsubscribe link. Note: No one other than yourself can access your password, including our staff.
How do I access my stored information?
You have the right to view, update and correct information stored by Wholesale7.net. To access your personal information login to your Wholesale7 account and click my details or contact after-sale@wholesale7.net.
External Links
Our website contains links to other external sites. Please be aware that Wholesale7.net is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Customers are responsible for periodically checking the Privacy & Policy available on the website for changes. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here or by means of a notice on our homepage.
Questions or Concerns
Questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or through the following methods:
Email:
after-sale@wholesale7.net