Privacy policy
General
Disclaimer of warranty
Limitation of liability
Indemnity
﻿
Links to third parties websites
Modification of terms
Limitations on use
Privacy
Legal
1. General
Your access to and use of software and other materials on, or through, this Web Site is solely at your own risk. We make no warranty whatsoever about the reliability, stability or virus free nature of such software.
2. Disclaimer of warranty
Neither ELR, nor any of its employees, nor its affiliated companies, nor any of their employees, make any warranty, express or implied, or assume any legal liability (to the extent permitted by law) or responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information contained on or provided indirectly through this site. All information is provided 'AS IS' without warranty of any kind. We hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products and services contained in this web site including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
3. Limitation of liability
To the extent permitted by law, in no event shall ELR nor any of its affiliated companies be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, whether based on breach of contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, arising from access to, use of, or reliance upon information contained in or provided indirectly through this site. Such information may be changed by ELR at any time.
Nothing in this limitation of liability shall exclude liabilities not permitted to be excluded by applicable law. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by us.
4. Indemnity
As a condition of use of this Web Site, you agree to indemnify us from and against any and all liabilities, expenses (including attorney's fees) and damages arising out of claims resulting from your use of this Web Site, including without limitation any claims alleging facts that if true would constitute a breach by you of these terms and conditions.
5. Links to third-parties' websites
This Web Site may contain links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, products or services on such third-party sites. Third party links and pointers are included solely for your convenience, and do not constitute any endorsement by us. You assume sole responsibility for use of third party links and pointers.
6. Modification of terms
We may change these terms and conditions at any time without advance notice. Changed terms will become effective once posted on the Web Site, and will not have any retrospective effect on existing contractual arrangements made through this Web Site. Your continued use of this Web Site after any change means you have accepted the changed terms and conditions.
7. Limitations on use
You agree to not abuse the Web Site. "Abuse" includes, without limitation, using the Web Site to:
- Defame, harass, stalk, threaten, abuse or otherwise violate others' rights as defined by applicable law.
- Harm or interfere with the operation of others' computers and software in any respect, including, without limitation, by uploading, downloading or transmitting corrupt files or computer viruses.
- Violate applicable intellectual property, publicity or privacy rights, including, without limitation, by uploading, downloading or transmitting materials or software.
- Omit or misrepresent the origin of, or rights in, any file you download or upload, including, without limitation, by omitting proprietary language, author identifications, or notices of patent, copyright or trademark.
- Transmit, post, or otherwise disclose trade secrets, or other confidential or protected proprietary material or information. Download or upload files that are unlawful to distribute through the website.
8. Privacy
At ELR we have utmost respect for your privacy. Any data you have provided to us will not be shared with any third parties. We will always give you the option to opt out of monthly emails, personalised offers or invitations to our events.
9. Legal
If you have any questions concerning legalities please send an email to
info@costacoffee.ae
and we will be endeavour to respond and assist wherever possible.