ALO, LLC Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 25, 2025
SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy describes how Alo, LLC (collectively, "Alo", "we", "our", or "us") collects, uses, and shares information about you ("you", "your", or "user") when you use our website with a homepage located at "aloyoga.com", any applications we may provide (including mobile applications), together with all products and services we may offer from time to time via our website and/or related applications , or otherwise through your interactions with us (our website, applications, products, and services, collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy also describes your and our legal rights and responsibilities with respect to information which identifies you or which could be used to identify you such as your name and contact details, or your user account information, which we call personal information in the text below. Alo takes very seriously its responsibility to protect the safety and security of your personal information that we process and is committed to respecting your privacy rights.
APPLICABILITY OF ALO'S PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, governs your access to and use of our Services. We will refer to access, use, transmission, and exchanges of information, availability or utilization of features, functions or activities, simply as "use" in the material below.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect from or about you through the methods described below (see "Information We Collect" and "How We Use Your Information") to provide the Services. In this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means any information that relates to an identified or reasonably identifiable natural person, or as otherwise defined under applicable law. This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the means used to access or provide the Services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites that link to Alo's website or websites that may be accessed through the Services. We may provide links to other websites that contain information that we believe may be useful to you or that you will find valuable. If you access such a third party website through a link we provide, you will be subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Alo is not responsible for the contents of any linked webpages referenced from our website. If you have any questions regarding the privacy, security, or content of those sites, you should contact the appropriate contact(s) at those websites directly.
ALO, LLC is a Color Image Apparel Inc. company.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By using Alo's Services, including our website, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use Alo's Services.
Your continued use of Alo's Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We, and the vendors that perform services on our behalf, may collect, receive, and develop several different categories of personal information about you depending on the nature of your interactions with the Services. For example, we collect the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers/Contact information:
We may collect your name, postal address, zip or postal code, telephone number, email address, social media handles, or other information that may be used to contact you. If you create an account, we also collect your username and password.
Purchase and Preference Information:
We may collect your order history, such as what products you have purchased or browsed through our Services. We may also collect your product, shopping, and style preferences.
Payment Information:
We may collect billing information, such as your account number, credit card number, expiration date, verification number, and billing address if you make a purchase.
Internet and Network Activity Information:
We may collect your Internet Protocol ("IP") address when you access our Services. We also use tracking tools like cookies and pixels to passively collect information about how you interact with our websites and online content. This information may include device identifiers, the type of browser or operating system you use, the dates and times you accessed the Services, what areas of our Services you visit and for how long, what products or content you view and click on, what site you came from to get to us and what site you go to when you leave us, and your interactions with our digital ads and content on other sites. We may also embed technologies (which may include, for example, tags and pixels) in the emails and other communications we or our vendors send to you to help us understand how you interact with those messages, such as whether and when you opened a message or clicked on any content within the message. We may engage or otherwise allow other parties to also collect information on our Services in these ways.
Location Information:
We may passively collect information about your geolocation when you access our Services. We also collect information about your coarse location using your IP address.
Demographic Information:
We may collect demographic information, such as your age, date of birth, or gender.
Employment-related Information:
If you apply for a job, we may collect information about your work experience and previous employment, your education history, your resume, the URL to your personal or professional websites, your workplace skill sets and certifications, whether you need a visa to work in the United States, and salary expectations. Additional information about our privacy practices can be found in our Workforce Member Privacy Policy available
here
.
Visual/Audio Information:
For example, we may record audio during customer service calls. We may also collect audio or visual information you post to our sites, like photos or videos.
Sensitive Information:
We may collect information that may be considered sensitive personal information under certain state or local laws. For example, we may collect information relating to your health, wellness, and/or physical activities. We may also collect your username and password for any account you create with us.
Information You Submit or Post:
We may collect information you post to our sites, including without limitation information about your fitness goals, fitness history, workout preferences, and associated photos or videos. We may also collect feedback and any other information you provide when you contact us or sign up for our services.
Inferences:
Using the other pieces of personal information collected about you, we draw inferences about you, reflecting what we believe to be your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and attitudes.
SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We and the vendors that perform services on our behalf may collect the above categories of personal information from various sources depending on the nature of your interactions with the Services. For example, we collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from You:
We collect information directly from you. For example, we collect information when you use our Services, shop in our stores, call us on the phone, create an online account, sign up to receive our emails, participate in a giveaway sweepstakes, contest, promotion or survey, communicate with us via third-party social media sites such as Facebook or Instagram, reserve an Alo yoga class, request customer support, apply for a job or otherwise communicate with us.
From Your Devices:
We use technical tracking tools that work behind the scenes, like browser cookies and pixels, to automatically collect information from and about you and your devices. We collect this information when you interact with our websites, our ads, and our emails that we or our vendors send to you. We collect this information about users over time and across devices.
From Third-party Service Providers:
We may collect information about you from service providers we hire to work on our behalf, such as vendors that maintain our website, process payments, and send promotional emails on our behalf.
From Other Third-parties, Including Our Marketing and Business Partners, and Social Media Platforms:
We may collect or receive personal information from our business and marketing partners and social media platforms that give us information about you that they have collected either directly or indirectly from you. We may also receive information from a job network or social network if you choose to import your information from those platforms when applying for a job with us. We may also receive personal information about you from your friends or contacts when, for example, someone purchases a gift card and requests that we provide it electronically, schedules an Alo yoga class, or purchases and sends you products. If you provide us with the personal information of another individual, you must have the consent of that individual to do so.
We Combine Information about You:
We combine personal information collected offline, such as information collected about you when you participate in our community events or visit our retail stores and yoga studios, with information collected online. We combine personal information that we have collected across our subsidiaries' websites. We also combine personal information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices. These actions allow us to understand your consumer preferences more holistically. We also combine your information with other consumers’ information to understand preferences and trends within your peer group over time.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your personal information to provide products and services and to support our business functions. For example, we may use this information for the following business and commercial purposes:
Provide, Improve, and Develop the ALO Website.
Provide the Services to you, including certain personalized services
Process and fulfill your order, including by shipping products to you, or others you designate, and sending emails to you, or others you designate, to confirm your order status and shipment and to process merchandise returns
Provide customer service
Communicate with you and send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, support messages, updates, security alerts, and account notifications
Communicate with other persons using contact information you provide, such as when you designate another person as the recipient of a gift purchase
Make your shopping experience easier, more personalized, more enjoyable and more efficient
Address problems with and improve our products, brands, services and technologies, as well as develop new products and services
Allow you to use our in-store and online technologies
Provide consistent, personalized services, including to personalize our advertising, marketing communications, shopping experiences and promotional offers
Organize local community events, promotions and in-store experiences
Facilitate your ability to share information to social media
Administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions
Help us learn more about your shopping preferences or product preferences
Fulfill a contract we have with you
Operate, protect, improve, and optimize the Services, and personalize and customize your experience (such as automatically entering your saved shipping information). We may also personalize the Services using your search and booking history, your profile information and preferences, and other content you submit to the Services.
We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving the Services and our users' experience with it, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you.
Protect the Integrity of our Services
Prevent, detect, mitigate and investigate fraud, security breaches and activities that are or potentially may be prohibited or illegal
Conduct security investigations and risk assessments
As we determine, in our sole discretion, to be required or appropriate to protect the rights, property, safety and security of Alo and our employees, customers and others
As we determine, in our sole discretion, to be required or appropriate under applicable law, to respond to requests from government authorities and to comply with legal processes, investigations, regulatory or governmental enquiries or for
Comply with our legal obligations
Resolve any disputes with any of our users or shoppers and enforce our agreements with third parties
Enforce our Terms of Use or other policies
We use your personal information in connection with automated decision making via our third-party service provider Shopify to protect our business from fraud during the checkout process. Shopify uses customers' personal information to block certain transactions that appear to be fraudulent through automated decision-making (you can review Shopify's Privacy Policy
here
).
We process this information given our legitimate interest in protecting the Services, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws.
Provide, Personalize, Measure, and Improve Our Advertising and Marketing.
Send you promotional messages we believe may be of interest to you, marketing, advertising, and other information that we believe may be of interest to you based on your preferences (including information about Alo or partner campaigns and services) and social media advertising through social media platforms, such as Facebook or Google).
Personalize, measure, and improve our advertising.
Administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Alo or its third-party partners.
Conduct profiling on your characteristics and preferences (based on the information you provide to us, your interactions with the Services, information obtained from third parties, and your search and booking history) to send you promotional messages, marketing, advertising and other information that we think may be of interest to you.
We will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section given our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of your interest. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications.
Other Purposes.
With your consent
When it is necessary to protect your vital interests or that of another person
When it is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest
When it is in our legitimate interests. Legitimate interests are our business or commercial reasons for using your data, such as (i) keeping our records up to date; (ii) providing the Services to you; (iii) maintaining or administering the Services; (iv) performing business analyses or for other internal purposes to improve the quality of our business and the Services we offer; (v) prevention of fraud and financial crime to protect the public; (vi) communicating with you concerning programs or services consistent with our obligations to provide those services or otherwise; and (vii) participating in litigation, investigations, regulatory or governmental enquiries or for other legal or regulatory purposes involving our customers who use or have used our Services or other third parties. We will not unfairly place our legitimate interests above what is best for you.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Brands.
We may share personal information with our Color Image Apparel, Inc. family of brands (including Alo, Alo Moves and Bella+Canvas).
Third-Party Service Providers.
We share your information with third-party service providers who we work with or who manage our customer information and perform services on our behalf, such as hosting our e-commerce platform, fulfilling promotions, processing online payments, providing and maintaining website features, sending communications and products to our customers, and conducting surveys. Our third-party service providers are only authorized to collect, use, and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow the third-party service providers to perform the services they provide to us.
Third Parties.
We may share your personal information when we partner with another company to offer or provide products, services, contests, or promotions to our customers.
Social Sharing.
We may share your personal information in connection with your social sharing activity, such as if you log into your customer account from your social media account. By connecting your customer account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media site's privacy policy.
Legal Requirements.
We may share your personal information if necessary or appropriate to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena, court order, legal processes, or government request, or to protect the operations, privacy, safety, property or rights of Alo, LLC and its affiliates or others, or if we determine, in our sole discretion, it is necessary to share such information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law or to protect the public
Business Transfer.
In the event of a sale or merger of Color Image Apparel, Inc., Alo, LLC, or any of our affiliated businesses, our customers' personal information and other information we have collected as described in this policy may be among the transferred business assets.
Other Disclosures.
IWe may share your personal information with our legal, regulatory, audit, and other professional advisors. Those companies may use your personal information to assist us in our operations consistent with our legitimate business interests. We also may share personal information about you as described at the point of collection, as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise where permitted or required by law or where Alo has a legitimate interest in doing so.
These third parties do not have any independent right to share your personal information. We will exercise reasonable measures to have the third parties to whom we disclose your personal information comply with applicable data protection laws.
HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will store your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected, whether that is to provide services to you, for our own legitimate interests (described above), or to comply with our legal obligations. We may delete personal information in our discretion, so you should retain your own records, and not rely upon our storage of any personal information, content, or other data.
We will review the information we hold, and when there no longer is a legal or business need for us to hold it, we will either delete it securely or in some cases irreversibly anonymize it. When we delete any information, it will be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives.
COOKIES
Our Services, online advertisements, and emails use first and third-party "cookies", pixel tags, and other technologies to automatically collect information about you, such as browser type, pages viewed, links clicked, and other actions you take in connection with our Services, online advertisements, and emails. A cookie is data sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored directly on your computer hard drive. Cookies and similar technologies within a web browser allow us to collect and store data as you navigate our website. We use this information for various purposes, including to facilitate web page navigation, display information more effectively, personalize your online experience, to understand how our websites are used by users, market our products and services, measure the success of our marketing campaigns, and for security purposes.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You can adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. However, certain features of the Services may not work properly, and you may be required to re-enter certain information each time you use our website. For example, to use our shopping cart feature, you must have cookies enabled. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy.
Where we use Google Analytics, we have set up the service to anonymize your IP address as soon as data is received by the Analytics Collection Network, before any storage or processing takes place. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites please visit
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
TEXT MESSAGE/SMS CONSENT AND OPTOUT
We may send you text messages via an automated dialing system ("Text Messages") in a few instances.
When placing certain orders, you must provide your phone number and may receive text message alerts containing shipping information sent via our third-party shippers, including DHL Express, Door Dash, Uber Eats and other shipping providers that may be added from time to time (collectively, our "Carriers") using automated dialing systems ("Text Messages"). You agree that by providing your mobile phone number you expressly consent to receive automated Text Messages from the applicable Carrier to the mobile phone number provided. Message and data rates will apply, and you should check the rates of your mobile carrier. You can opt out from text marketing communications by following the opt-out instructions that will be sent to the SMS number used by the Carrier to contact you. Please refer to the privacy policies found on the Carriers’ respective websites for how each Carrier manages its information found, including DHL's privacy policy, found
here
, Door Dash's privacy policy, found
here
, and Uber Eat's privacy policy, found
here
.
If you choose to sign up for our marketing Text Messages, we may send you periodic Text Messages about products we think you may be interested in or promotional offers available to you. Your consent is voluntary and is not required to complete any purchase. To opt out of receiving Text Messages, follow the opt-out instructions that will be sent to the SMS number used to contact you. Message and data rates will apply, and you should check the rates of your mobile carrier.We may share your mobile phone number with other service providers with whom we contract to assist us with the above activities, but we will not share your mobile phone number with third parties for their own purposes without your consent. You acknowledge that Text Messages are distributed via third-party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. You acknowledge that, depending on the recipient's mobile carrier, it may not be possible to transmit the Text Message to the recipient successfully; nor is content available on all carriers. We do not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures. Alo expressly disclaims any liability related to third-party carriers or service providers.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet or e-mail is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect personal information that you submit to us, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and facilitate the correct use of personal information obtained through our website, we have put in place appropriate physical, technical, and operational measures to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect online against unauthorized access, unlawful use, accidental loss, corruption, or destruction.
Electronic Notice in the event of a Security Breach
: If we or a Recipient is required to provide notice of unauthorized access to or other invasion of certain security systems, we (or they) may do so when required (or voluntarily) by posting notice on our website or sending notice to any email address we have for you, in our (or their) good faith discretion.
CHILDREN
We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 16. The Services are not intended for use by anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or a legal guardian and think your child under 16 has provided us with personal information, you can email us at
legal@aloyoga.com
.
LOCATION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION / YOUR PARTICULAR CONSENT
Alo is located in the United States ("U.S.") and is subject to the applicable laws of the United States. We will store and process personal information we receive about you, as described in this Privacy Policy, in the U.S.
We are involved in business activities in a variety of countries. For example, our e-commerce store is hosted on Shopify Inc., a Canadian company. Shopify provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products to you. Your data is stored through Shopify's data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. Accordingly, Shopify may transmit your personal information outside of the country, state, or province in which you are located.
You agree that Alo and those with whom we share your personal information ("Recipients") may disclose, transfer, process, and store your personal information outside of your country of origin to our affiliates, sponsors and partners, and any other third-party service providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Some of the recipients of personal information as specified above may be located in countries that do not provide a level of data protection equivalent to that set forth by the European Union and some other jurisdictions. If you submit any personal information or choose to access or use the Services offered by Alo such as our website, you understand that we may disclose, transfer, process, and store personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and subject to applicable laws which may include access by law enforcement and other government entities including courts and tribunals. If we do transfer personal information outside the U.S., we will make sure that it is protected in the same way as if it were being used in the U.S. We will use one of the following legally recognized safeguards to protect your information:
Transfer the data to a non-EEA country that has privacy laws at least as protective as those within the EEA, or
Put in place a contract with the recipient of the data, which means the recipient must protect the data to the same standards as required within the EEA, or
Transfer it to organizations that are certified under the Data Privacy Framework; The Data Privacy Framework sets out the standards for personal information to be sent between the United States and European countries.
YOUR OPT-OUT CHOICES
We also work with third parties such as Google and Facebook to manage our advertising on other websites. Our third-party advertising partners may use cookies or similar technologies on our website and other websites to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, or to display ads that link back to our site. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's educational page. You can opt out of some, but not all, online behavioral based advertising by clicking
here
or by using your browser settings to block cookies or notify you when a cookie is set.
If you do not want Alo to send you email or postal mail regarding Alo or its Services, you can choose not to provide your personal information to Alo, even though it might be necessary to make a purchase or to take advantage of certain features on our Services. You may also manage, update and correct the information you provide as part of your online account by logging into your user account and clicking on the "Settings" hyperlink. If you choose not to give us certain personal information, you can still use many aspects of our website. However, you will not be able to access website areas that require account registration.
If you have previously opted-in to receiving marketing emails from us, you can update your preferences to tell us specifically what you are interested in hearing about by clicking on the preferences link included in the marketing e-mails. You can update your preferences at any time.
If you would prefer not to receive marketing emails sent by Alo, simply click on the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of any of those emails. If you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you other types of messages, such as purchase receipts, information about shipments, or emails about your user account.
YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
UK, EU, and Canadian Privacy Rights
If you are a resident in the United Kingdom, or European Union, or Canada, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances, or in certain jurisdictions. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained by contacting us using the contact information provided below, or from the data protection regulator in your country.
Right to be access
. You can request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Right to rectification
. This allows you to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be informed
. You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent, and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
Right to erasure
. This is also known as the ‘right to be forgotten’ and, depending on your jurisdiction, allows you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. We may not always be able to comply with your request for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Right to restrict processing
. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further.
Right to data portability
. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may have rights to obtain, port and reuse your personal information for your own purposes across different services.
Right to object
. Depending on your jurisdiction, you can object to certain types of processing, including processing for direct marketing or where we are relying on our legitimate interests for processing.
Right to complain
. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local data protection supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to respond to your concerns before you approach them so please consider contacting us in the first instance.
Right to withdraw consent
. If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although it does not mean that anything we have done with your personal information with your consent up to that point is unlawful). This includes your right to withdraw consent to us using your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes.
If you want to exercise any of your rights, please contact our Chief Information Security Officer at
legal@aloyoga.com
or write to us at Alo, LLC, ATTN: Legal, 9830 Wilshire Blvd, Beverly Hills, CA 90212.
When you contact us, we will respond as soon as possible and where possible within one month. If your request is more complicated, it may take longer to respond to you, but we will respond within three months of your request. There is no charge for most requests, but if you ask us to provide a significant amount of data, for example, we may ask you to pay a reasonable administrative fee. To protect your privacy and security, we also may ask you to verify your identity before we provide any information to you.
SUPPLEMENTAL NOTICE FOR NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personal information to third parties who intend to license or sell that personal information. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
legal@aloyoga.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal information as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The following section pertains to the rights of individuals residing in California.
California "Shine the Light"
: You have the right to ask us one time each year if we have disclosed personal information with third parties for direct marking purposes. If you would like to make such a request, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section and indicate in your letter or message that it is a "Shine the Light request." However, note that at this time, we do not disclose personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Rights under the CCPA:
California residents have the right to make the following requests with respect to their personal information subject to the limitations and exceptions set forth in applicable law:
Access
You can request that we disclose to you the following: (i) the categories of personal information that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we have collected personal information about you; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for collecting, sharing, or selling your personal information; (iv) the categories of personal information that we have sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed; (v) the categories of personal information that we have disclosed about you for our business purposes and the categories of vendors to whom the personal information was disclosed; and (vi) the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. The categories of personal information we collect are generally described in this Privacy Policy but differ for individual consumers depending on the Services used by such consumers.
Deletion
You can request that we delete the personal information that we collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
Correction
You can request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Limit the Use/Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information
You can request that we limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to those purposes set forth in applicable California law, subject to certain exceptions. We use and disclose sensitive personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected, and we do not use it to infer characteristics about you.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
You can request that we not sell or share your personal information to a third party by contacting us using the information in the Contact Us section. You can also click on the “Cookie Preferences” link found at the bottom of the website to manage your cookie preferences and request that we not sell or share your personal information. For purposes of this section, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your personal information to an outside party for monetary or other valuable consideration, subject to certain exceptions in applicable law. For purposes of this section, “share” means transferring, making available or otherwise disclosing your personal information to another party for purposes of sending advertising to you based on your personal information obtained from your activities across distinctly-branded sites. Note that if you would like to opt out of cookie-based tracking for our behavioral advertising purposes, you will need to separately set your cookie preferences by clicking "DENY" on our cookie banner that may be in the footer of our site or broadcasting an opt-out preference signal recognized by us, such as a Global Privacy Control signal, on the browser or browser extensions that support such a signal. You can also visit www.aboutads.info/choices and https://optout.privacyrights.info to opt out of certain uses of cookies for advertising purposes. Your selections are specific to the device, website and browser you are using. Your selections are also deleted whenever you clear your cookies or your browser’s cache. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of these rights.
Submitting Requests
: If you are a California consumer and would like to make any requests under the CCPA, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Verifying Requests
: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to certain requests of yours. The verification steps will vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us.
You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent. We will only use personal information provided in the request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make it.
Certain data protection laws limit the ability to make a request to know to twice within a 12-month period, and allow us to charge a reasonable fee for responding to numerous requests from the same user. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Notice of Financial Incentive
: From time to time, we may collect personal information, such as email addresses and date of birth in connection with a promotion, offer or discount. Our offers and incentives generally reflect the value of the relationships that we have with the individuals who participate in these programs and the value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you. In the event you decide to take advantage of the rewards program, you will always have the right to withdraw from participation and we will provide you with directions on how to do so. Participation in these programs is voluntary, and you may withdraw at any time by contacting us using the information in the Contact Us section or by following any specific instructions in applicable financial incentive program terms and conditions.
California Do Not Track Disclosure
: Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org. At this time, we do not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. For information about Do Not Track, please visit:
www.allaboutdnt.org
.
YOUR COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, DELAWARE, IOWA, MONTANA, NEBRASKA, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NEW JERSEY, OREGON, TEXAS, UTAH, AND VIRGINIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
The following section pertains to the rights of individuals residing in Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia in accordance with applicable law and subject to the exceptions set forth in such applicable laws:
Access
You can request to confirm whether we process your personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, you can also request a copy of your personal information. Oregon residents may request a list of specific third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information.
Deletion
You can request that we delete personal information we have from or about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Correction
You can request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions.
Opt Out of Sale
We may “sell” personal information about Colorado and Connecticut residents as the term is defined under applicable state laws. You can request to opt out of the sale of your personal information to a third party.
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising
We may use personal information obtained (or in some instances inferred) from your activities across unaffiliated sites to send more relevant advertising to you. You can request that we stop using your personal information for such targeted advertising.
Submitting Requests
: A Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia resident can exercise these rights online by contacting us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Note that for purposes of these rights under this section, personal information does not include information about job applicants, employees or any other of our personnel or information about employees and other representatives of third-party entities we may interact with.
Sale
: We may “sell” (as such term is defined in the applicable state law) and process for targeted advertising purposes the following categories of personal information, including for cross-context behavioral advertising: identifiers and contact information; personal records; personal characteristics or traits; commercial information; internet and other electronic network usage information; geolocation information; audiovisual and similar information; and inferences. We may “sell” or share these categories of personal information to or with the categories of third parties described in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “How We Share Your Personal Information”. Please note that if you would like to opt out of sales or our targeted advertising through certain cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes, you will need to separately set your cookie preferences by clicking on the Cookie Preferences link that may be in the footer of our site or broadcasting an opt-out preference signal recognized by us, such as a Global Privacy Control signal, on the browser or browser extensions that support such a signal. Please keep in mind that your settings are specific to the Site you were on when you set your preferences. You can also visit www.aboutads.info/choices and https://optout.privacyrights.info to opt out of certain uses of cookies for advertising purposes. Your cookie-related selections are specific to the device, website, and browser you are using. Your selections are deleted whenever you clear your cookies or browser’s cache.
Verifying Requests
: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. The verification steps will vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. We may deny certain requests and will explain why your request was denied and how to appeal our decision, as required by applicable law. After receiving our explanation, if you would like to appeal our decision, you may do so as further detailed in our communication back to you. For questions, you may also contact us by calling or emailing us at the contact information above.
If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, or Texas you may designate an agent to submit an opt-out of sale and opt-out of targeted advertising request on your behalf. Proof to verify your identity and the authorized agent’s authority to submit requests on your behalf is required, or we may deny the request. We use commercially reasonable efforts to authenticate your identity and the authorized agent’s authority through the written documentation provided in connection with the opt-out request in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may deny certain requests or fulfil a request only in part based on our legal rights and obligations. We will explain why your request was denied and how to appeal our decision, as required by applicable law. If you are a resident of Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, or Virginia and are not satisfied with the outcome of your request, you may submit an appeal by sending an email to
legal@aloyoga.com
with your state of residence and “Appeal” in the subject line. For questions, you may also contact us using the contact information in the Contact Us section.
From time to time, we or our vendors on our behalf may collect personal information in connection with a promotion, offer, program, discount or other benefits. We or our vendors may disclose such personal information to the categories of third parties described in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “How We Share Your Personal Information.”
COMPLAINTS
If you have any complaints concerning Alo's processing of your personal information, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Please note that if you are an EU Resident, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with a European Union supervisory authority that is responsible for the protection of personal information in the country where you live or work, or in which you think a breach of data protection laws might have taken place. You can learn more about these rights at
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens_en
.
Customers in the United Kingdom can contact the Information Commissioner's Office by telephone at 0303 123 1113, or by using the live chat service that is available through the Information Commissioner's website www.ico.org.uk.
CONTACT US
If you would like more information about our privacy practices or want us to delete your personal information, feel free to contact us at
legal@aloyoga.com
.
ALO, LLC
Attn: Legal
9830 Wilshire Blvd
Beverly Hills, CA 90212
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Alo may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect our current practices. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website and will be effective when posted unless another date is referenced in the notice. We recommend you check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis so that you know the current terms and conditions that apply to you.
If you use our website after any changes are effective, you agree that you have read and understand the changes.