Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
privacy policy
~   This Privacy Policy describes how Susamp Infotech ("Susamp Infotech", "Susamp Infotech", "We", "Us”, or "Our”) protects your privacy when you use Susamp Infotech (the "Susamp Infotech Service") which includes the Web site located at www.Susampinfotech.com (the "Site”) and all Susamp Infotech mobile phone applications except for Kids apps ("Mobile”).
~   PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW, YOU MAY NOT USE THE Susamp Infotech SERVICE.
~   This Privacy Policy applies to the information (including personal information) collected through the Susamp Infotech Service. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "personal information" means information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us. individual information does not include device or usage information that cannot be used to identify you personally, nor does it include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Susamp Infotech Service or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information have been removed. This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Susamp Infotech Terms of Service ("Terms of Service").
What & How of Information We Collect
~   When you visit our Website, we automatically gather some information. For example, it is regular for your Web browser to automatically send information to every Web site you visit, including ours. Such information includes your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, access times, browser type and language, and referring Web site addresses. We also collect information about your computer's operating system and information about your usage and activity on the Site.
~   Cookies - We automatically collect certain information with the use of "cookies". Cookies are temporary data files that are saved on your hard drive by a Web site. Among other things, the use of cookies helps us to improve the Site and your experience on the Site. We use cookies to see which areas and features of the Site are most popular, to count the number of computers accessing the Site, to personalize your experience, and to remember your preferences. If your browser is set not to accept cookies or if you reject a cookie, you may not be able to access certain features or services of the Site.
~   Content and Metadata - Images may be accompanied by additional Content or may include metadata like date & time, signature, text, Geotag. This causes your Content more searchable by others and more interactive. If you Geotag your image or tag your picture using others' APIs then your latitude and longitude will be added with the photo and maybe searchable (e.g., through a GPS location feature) if your image is ma
de
public by you in accordance with your privacy settings.
Storage of Information & Transfer of Data
~ Most of the information we collect is retained by us on our servers. If you are using the Susamp Infotech Service from a country other than the country in which our Web servers are located (currently the United States of America) the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use personal information collected through the Susamp Infotech Service:
I.   to communicate with you;
II.   to process your requests and transactions;
III.   to improve the Susamp Infotech Services;
IV.   to customize the services and/or products we provide to you;
V.   to assist with our product and service development;
VI.   to perform marketing activities;
VII.   to provide relevant advertising; and
VIII.   For other purposes related to our business.
To find more, you can view the ‘Basic Rules’ of Susamp Infotech Terms & Conditions.
With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
~   Personal information (and non-personal information) collected through the Susamp Infotech Service may be shared with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf (for example, companies that provide data management or other support services to us such as data storage and Web hosting services). We may share your personal information (and non-personal information) with third parties to serve you relevant advertising and market our products, but we won't sell your personal information.
~   Also, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Susamp Infotech Service when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
I.   comply with applicable law (e.g., in response to a valid court order or subpoena);
II.   prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft;
III.   enforce the Terms of Susamp Infotech Service or other agreements that govern your use of the Susamp Infotech Service and/or our services;
IV.   to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users or others; or
V.   To protect your vital interests.
~   If we are going to release your information in response to legal process, our policy is to provide you with reasonable advance notice under the circumstances unless we are prohibited from doing so by law or court order (e.g., an order under 18 U.S.C. § 2705(b)). We may disclose your information without giving you prior notice if we believe it is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. Nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you might have to efforts by third parties to compel disclosure of your information, including legal orders from the government.
~   Your personal information and other data collected by us may be transferred to another company that has acquired our stock or assets, for example, as a result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transmission appear, the obtaining company's use of your personal information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
~   We take reasonable security measures to protect your personal information (including preventing the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction of your personal information). However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security measures.
MINORS
~   THE SUSAMP INFOTECH SERVICES (EXCEPT FOR THE KIDS APP) ARE NOT MEANT FOR PEOPLE UNDER 13. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Susamp Infotech Service to children under 13.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
~   We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy that we think materially alter your rights, then we will post the latest policy to this site and change the "Last Updated" date above. We inspire you to analyze this Privacy Policy whenever you come to the Susamp Infotech Services to understand how your personal information is used.
QUESTIONS
~   If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please visit our contact us page.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it