·
Easy Retouch - Privacy Policy
Updated：Jan. 22th, 2020
Welcome to the Easy Retouch – an AI picture editing that make your picture perfect, displayed via the mobile application and online on the internet (together, the ''Service'') owned by DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED Limited. By signing this document when first accessing our Service, you actively agree the content of Privacy Notice.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND USE
Abstract
If you agree to this Privacy Notice, we will collect some personal information from you in order to provide you with a personalized, useful and efficient experience, and also for advertising purposes. However, it is possible to enter into the Terms of Use Agreement with DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED without the provision of the below mentioned personal information, in which case you may still access and use the core functionality of the Easy Retouch. However, certain features may not be available to you as they require personal information input to function and the overall effectiveness of the Easy Retouch may deteriorate. Depending on your settings, the categories of information we collect include the categories of personal information as explained under 'further information'.
Further information
1.1. Information from third-party apps.
Collection:
We may receive personal information such as your IP address, information related to the installation source, statistics regarding you and personal information related to the crashing of your device from third parties and other entities of the DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED – such as app development platforms and tracking and analytics platforms - and combine that with information we collect through our Service. The personal information we receive from these apps is dependent upon the other apps' policies and your privacy settings on those apps. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on these apps and services before using them.
DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED receives reports on the personal information mentioned above from third parties and other entities of the DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED in order to solve crash problems and to optimize your user experience.
1.3. Usage information collected automatically
Details
: We, and our third party partners, will collect certain types of usage information when you use our Service, read our emails, or communicate with us. We typically collect this information through a variety of technologies, including cookies, pixels, SDKs, web beacons, file information and similar technology.
For instance, we collect information about your device and its software and about the way you use the Service, such as the type of device, physical dimension, division ratio, type of CPU, memory capacity, operating system version, version of Easy Retouch, keyboard type and typing performance when using Easy Retouch, crash information (such as defects that occurred), and unique ID for each Easy Retouch installed.
We do not permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our Service over time so that they may play or display advertising on our Service, on other devices you may use, neither on other websites, apps or services.
We may use the data collected through these technologies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising presented by the DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED; (c) identify you across multiple devices; (d) ensure and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (e) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our Service for generating statistics (f) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (g) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service.
1.4. User image information.
Details:
The 'customized skin' function of the Service requires access to certain personal information in order to be able to function. If a user logs in to its personal Facebook or Gmail account in Easy Retouch, DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED will save the 'customized skin' of such user (this own the user's own picture set as the background picture of its keyboard) on a remote server and connect it to its account.
: After a user logs in to its account, DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED will collect information of such user's customized skins for the purpose of account synchronization, so that the user can retrieve the customized skins used by it in the past when it logs in to its Easy Retouch account on other mobile devices.
2. SHARING INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any organization part of the DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED (at present or in the future), or with third parties (i) at your request, (ii) where they are subcontractors or advertisers, (iii) to comply with legislation, to carry out a contract with the user or to defend DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED against any type of harm. Please find an elaborate explanation under 'further information'.
We transfer your personal information outside of the European Union, in order to be able to provide our users with the Service. The personal information may be transferred to countries which provide an adequate level of protection or, where this is not the case, we ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. Please refer to section 8 in order to obtain a copy of these safeguards.
For more information on your choices regarding your information, see section 4 ''Your Choices Regarding Your Information'' below.
Further information
We may share your personal information with:
a.
Third parties at your request . For example, you may have the option to share your activities on the Service with your friends through email, text or on various social media sites;
b.
Subcontractors . This includes third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include identifying and serving targeted advertisements, content or service fulfilment, assisting with voice recognition technology, or providing analytics services;
c.
The DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED . This includes other brands owned or controlled by DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED and other companies owned by or under common ownership as DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Privacy Notice;
d.
Future parties to the DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED . Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and
e.
Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use Agreement, including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
3. ADVERTISING AND AFFILIATE LINKS
We partner with third parties to suggest products or services in response to your search queries. If you click on such link, you will be taken to a third party site or service and this Privacy Notice will no longer apply to information you provide to the third party site or service.
4. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
4.1. Data Retention
Unless stated otherwise in section 1 for a specific category of personal information, we will retain your information for as long as needed to provide you the Service and for thirty days in order to improve our technology and Service in future, after which the personal information will be deleted or anonymized.
4.2. Access to your Device Information
You may control the Service's access to your device information through your ''Settings'' app on your device. For instance, you can withdraw permission for the Service including your camera, photo album, microphone and photo stream.
4.3. Your rights
In as far as imposed by applicable laws, you have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of or restriction of processing of your personal information. Besides, you may be entitled to object to the processing of your personal information or to request data portability. Please contact us at
Homeworkoutfeedback@dx-plore.com
if you wish to exercise your rights. Please be aware that we will not be able to delete any content you have shared with other users, with third parties or with social media sites.
Please awareness that you have at any time the right to withdraw your consent for the processing of your personal information. To do so, please follow these instructions below: In your settings, Turn off the ''Share personal information'' switch. Once you have withdrawn your consent to share personal information with us, you may still access and use the core functionality of the Easy Retouch, but certain features that require your personal information in order to be functional may not be available to you.
You, as a user, have the rights to take any complaints about the content and processing performed by DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED. DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED reserves the rights to the final explanation.
5. Secutiry and Storage of Information
DXPLORER TECHNOLOGY LIMITED cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect and that we share with our service providers. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
6. Links to Third Party Websites
The Service may contain links to and from third party websites of our business partners, advertisers, social media sites, and our users may post links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy notices and policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites.
7. Automatic renewal subscription
Automatic renewal subscription
We've added a premium account to offer more great features and are automatically renewed subscriptions. The subscription price is $1.99 per week. Payments will be deducted from your iTunes account upon purchase confirmation. Your subscription will automatically renew unless the auto-renew feature is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. After purchase, you can manage your subscription and turn off automatic renewal by accessing your account settings. If you purchase a subscription to this publication, any unused portion (if provided) during the free trial period will be forfeited.
7. CONTACTING US
If you have questions about the content from this Privacy notice, please contact us at
Homeworkoutfeedback@dx-plore.com