Privacy Policy
Overview
CarePassport is aware of the need to address Internet privacy issues and we believe you should be aware of how we intend to treat any information about you that we might receive on the Internet as a result of your visit to the Site.
Information About CarePassport On-Line Visitors
You can visit CarePassport on the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
The data we collect.
Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors.
In general, there are times however, when we may need information from you, such as your name, e-mail and address.
We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information for market research such as your interests, demographics, and experience with our products.
How we use data.
We gather information about users of the Site collectively in order to determine, for example, which areas users access more frequently, and which materials users access the most.
This information helps us to determine what is most beneficial for our users and how we can continually create a better overall experience for our users by improving the content of the Site.
Customarily, the personal information CarePassport obtains is used only to respond to inquiries, to process orders, for product registration, or to allow the user to access specific account information.
Individuals’ rights
You will have full control of your personal data. Please send an e-mail to CarePassport with the required action even if it is a deletion request, we will take care of it and notify you regarding it.
Consent
No transaction can be done on the personal data without your consent.
Children
Our web site and applications are not designed for children. If we discover that a child has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems.
Security and data breaches
We are securing our user data by using different techniques such as but not limited to SSL certificate and data encryption. We have procedures to detect, report and investigate any data breach.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” which is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser which may then be stored on your system.
Some Site pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our Site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Web Site Links
CarePassport’s Site may contain links to other Web sites such as CarePassport distributors and sales representatives. While CarePassport tries to link only to sites that share its high standards and respect for privacy, CarePassport cannot take responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
Data Protection Goals
CAREPASSPORT takes the protection of personal data very seriously and formulates the following data protection goals by the company management. This defines the basic orientation of CAREPASSPORT towards compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. In particular, it is stated that compliance with legal regulations takes precedence over business requirements.
Fairness and Legality
When personal data is processed by CAREPASSPORT, the right of the data subject to his or her data is to be safeguarded. Personal data should be lawfully collected and processed.
Processing Purpose
The processing of personal data is intended solely to pursue the purposes defined prior to the collection of the data. Subsequent changes to the purposes are only possible to a limited extent and require justification.
Transparency
The person concerned should be informed about the handling of his data. In principle, personal data must be collected from the data subject himself. When collecting the data, the data subject should be able to recognize at least the following or be informed accordingly about:
the identity of the responsible party
the purpose of data processing
the periods for which the documents are to be kept
third parties or categories of third parties to whom the data may be transferred
Data Avoidance and Data Minimization
Before personal data is processed, it should be checked whether and to what extent this is necessary in order to achieve the purpose for which it was processed. If it is possible to achieve the purpose and the effort is proportionate to the intended purpose, anonymized or statistical data must be used. Personal data should not be retained for potential future use unless required or permitted by state law.
Deletion
Personal data that is no longer required after the expiry of legal or business process related retention periods should be deleted. If, in individual cases, there are indications of interests’ worthy of protection or of a historical significance of this data, the data must remain stored until the interest worthy of protection has been legally clarified.
Factual Correctness
Personal data must be stored correctly, completely and – if necessary – up to date. Appropriate measures shall be taken to ensure that inaccurate, incomplete or outdated data is deleted, corrected, supplemented or updated.
Confidentiality and Data Security
The data secrecy applies to personal data. They must be treated confidentially in personal contact and protected against unauthorized access, unlawful processing or disclosure, as well as accidental loss, alteration or destruction by appropriate organizational and technical measures.
Commitment
All managers and employees of CAREPASSPORT undertake to pursue these goals of data protection and to observe the basic data protection regulation and support the data protection strategy to the best of their ability.
To ensure data protection, CAREPASSPORT relies on technical and organizational measures, privacy by design and default, risk management, training and other procedures that are still being developed.
Changes
If at any time CarePassport changes its privacy commitment, CarePassport will post those changes here so that you will know what information CarePassport gathers and how CarePassport might use that information.