Privacy Policy
Let’s Eat Privacy Policy
Let’s Eat may collect personal information to help you place and receive delivery orders and to improve the Let’s Eat service. This Privacy Statement explains how Let’s Eat Ltd. (“Let’s Eat,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) handles your personal information when you visit or use at
http://www.LetsEat.ky
(the “Site”), the Let’s Eat mobile application, and any other website or mobile application that links to this Privacy Statement (collectively, the “Services”).
Your access to and use of our Services are subject to our [INSERT LINK TO CONSUMER TERMS OF SERVICE], which define some of the terms used throughout this Privacy Statement.
Collection of Information
When you use our Services we may collect or receive information about you. We generally do not permit people to deal with us anonymously or using a pseudonym. If you do not provide us with your personal information, we may not be able to provide the Services to you.
Information You Provide Directly
You may provide information to us when you use our Services, including when you register with Let’s Eat, search within or place orders through our Services, contact us with inquiries, respond to surveys, or otherwise access our Services. This information may include your name, email address, phone number, delivery address, and payment information, including credit card information and billing address used to complete the purchase transaction, and other information that may identify you. When you place an order through our Services we collect information related to that order, including searches conducted through the Services, the products or services purchased, and the date and time of the purchase and delivery.
Information We Collect Automatically
We also may receive and store certain information about you and your device(s) automatically when you access or use our Site and Services. This information may include:
Information related to the device you use to access our Services;
The type of web browser and operating system you use to access our Services;
Your IP address;
The domain name of your Internet service provider;
The specific Let’s Eat pages you visit, content you view, features you use and the date and time of your visits; and
Your search terms, the website you visited before you came to our Services, and other clickstream data.
Information From Publicly Available Sources and Third Parties
We may also collect or receive information about you from publicly available sources or third parties. For example, we may receive certain information about you when you use Facebook or Google to login to our Services. If you make a purchase through a Merchant that offers delivery via Let’s Eat, we may receive information about your purchase, including your name, phone number, the product you purchased, and the delivery location.
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect or receive about you to:
Connect your orders to a Merchant;
Complete your purchase transactions;
Contact you in connection with your orders and deliveries;
Contact you with promotional offerings or other communications that may be of interest to you;
Respond to your questions and assist with problems with our Services;
Personalize the content and features you see when you visit our Services;
Serve advertisements tailored to your interests;
Improve the content and functionality of our Services;
Help the Merchants better understand their business and improve their offerings;
Better understand our users’ demographics, interests and behaviors;
Enhance other information we have about you to help us better understand you and determine your interests;
Provide recommendations to you;
Manage our everyday business needs, such as auditing, administration of our Services, forum management, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, and enforcement of our corporate reporting obligations and Terms of Service, or to comply with the law; and
Calculate the total number of visitors to our Services and to each page or feature of our Services.
We may use your information for any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect or receive the information, or otherwise with your consent or as permitted or required by law.
If you send text messages using the telephone number available on the Services, we may use a third-party service provider to track these text messages. We track these text messages for fraud prevention, to ensure appropriate charging of fees, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, and for quality and training purposes. As part of this process, Let’s Eat and its service provider will receive in real time and store data about your text message, including the date and time of the text message, your phone number, and the content of the text message.
Any communication or material you transmit to us via e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, but not including your personal information and any requests, comments or concerns regarding your personal information, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Location Information
When you use the Services, we may collect precise location data about the progress of your order from the Let’s Eat app. If you permit the Services to access location services through the permission system used by your mobile operating system (“Platform”) or browser, we may also collect the precise location of your device when the Let’s Eat app is running in the foreground or background of your device while we are processing your order. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address. We use your location information to help you select your delivery address, to provide more accurate deliveries of your orders, to provide recommendations to you, and to enhance your user experience and improve the services. You can choose whether to enable the location tracking feature through the settings on your device or Platform or when prompted by the Let’s Eat mobile app. If you choose to disable the location feature, Let’s Eat will not receive precise location information from your device, which may compromise the accuracy of deliveries in some situations, for instance, if you are located in a large area, such as a park.
Sharing with Third Parties
To help us run our business, we may share your information with entities that provide services to us, including third parties that provide payment processing, advertising services, web analytics, data processing, IT services, customer support and other services. We may share your name, phone number, order information, customer feedback and other information related to your orders with Merchants. We may also disclose aggregated or anonymized information to third parties.
When Required By Law
We recognize that information related to your orders could contain private information. However, we may be required to disclose your information to third parties including law enforcement agencies when required to protect and defend our legal rights, protect the safety and security of users of our Services, prevent fraud, comply with the law, respond to legal process, or a request for cooperation by a government entity.
Corporate Transactions
In the event of sale, transfer, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.
With your Consent
We also may share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction.
Data Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We will also retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Let’s Eat may aggregate and anonymize data and may retain aggregate or anonymized data indefinitely.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by Let’s Eat. Such websites are not under our control and we are not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. If you provide any personal information through any such third-party website, we recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and practices of that third party.
Social Networking
You may choose to enable or log in to our Services via various online services, including social networking services like Facebook and Google. Our Services also may enable you to access social networking services such as Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram (collectively, “Social Network”) directly or indirectly through our Services.
When you link a Social Network account to Let’s Eat or log into our Services using your Social Network account, we may collect relevant information necessary to enable our Services to access that Social Network and your data contained within that Social Network. We also may share your information with the operator of that Social Network to facilitate or enhance delivery of that Social Network or other services to you. A Social Network may provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to them, and we will use, store, and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Additionally, a Social Network may collect personal information and information about your use of our Site or Services automatically. The manner in which a Social Network collects, uses, stores, and discloses your information is governed by the policies of such third parties and Let’s Eat shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Network that may be enabled within our Services.
You may also have the option of posting your activities on our Services and other content to a Social Network when you access content through our Services. For example, you may post to Facebook that you placed an order with Let’s Eat. Keep in mind that your activity on a Social Network is governed by that Social Network and not by Let’s Eat, and may be visible or accessible to the public.
Your Choices
If you are a registered Let’s Eat user you may access or modify certain of your personal information by logging into our Site using your username and password and visiting the “Account” page. Registered Let’s Eat users may also access the “Account” page to manage their subscriptions. You may contact us at info@letseat.ky to access, modify, or deactivate your account. You may disable our ability to use cookies by using the cookie controls in your web browser (see “Use of Cookies” section below).
If we send you marketing emails about services that may interest you, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt-out” of receiving future marketing or other communications.
Children’s Information
Our Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at info@letseat.ky. A parent or guardian of a child under age 13 may review and request deletion of the child’s personal information.
Referral Program
Let’s Eat allows users to invite friends to sign up for our Services by submitting a friend’s name and email address to Let’s Eat. Sometimes we offer a promotional value for every friend that signs up and places an order through your referral link. By choosing to invite a friend you represent that you have received the friend’s consent to provide his or her name and email address to us. Let’s Eat will use that information to send an email inviting him or her to visit the site and will store that information to track the success of the referral program.
International Users
The information collected as part of that use may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in countries other than the Cayman Islands, such as in the United States. We may from time to time, use third party storage providers for this purpose. Since Let’s Eat is based in the Cayman Islands, any information we obtain about you will at a minimum be stored in accordance with Cayman Islands privacy laws, regulations, and standards, which may not be equivalent to the laws in your country of residence. By using our Services, you consent to this collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to, and in, countries other than the Cayman Islands. While it is not practicable to specify all of these countries, regions may include (but are not limited to) North America, South America and Europe.
Security
Let’s Eat has implemented administrative, technical, and physical security controls that are designed to safeguard personal information. However, no online activity is ever fully secure or error-free. Therefore, Let’s Eat does not guarantee that your personal information is absolutely secure. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal information or other information to Let’s Eat.
You are responsible for safeguarding your username and password.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies (“Cookies”) to collect information and personalize your experience with our Services. Cookies are small web files that a site or its provider transfers to your device’s hard drive through your web browser that enables the site’s or provider’s system to recognize your browser and remember certain information. We use Cookies to improve your convenience, for example, to recognize you when you return to Let’s Eat and to remember information you have already provided, such as items already in your order cart. We also use Cookies to collect information about your activities over time and across third party websites or other online services in order to deliver content and advertising tailored to your interests. You may disable the use of Cookies by modifying your browser settings. If you choose to disable cookies you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our Services.
Online Analytics and Advertising
We and our third-party vendors may use automated technologies (including cookie identifiers on our website), along with other collected information, to tailor ads or deliver content when you are on our Services or on other devices, apps or websites.
We (or our service providers) may use the information we collect—for instance, IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers—to locate or try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones, tablets, or computers), or work with providers that do this, in order to better tailor content and features and provide you with a seamless experience across devices. If you wish to opt out of cross device tracking for purposes of interest-based advertising, you may do so through your device settings. We may also use cross-device targeting to help identify our users and serve advertising. This type of advertising is often called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising—and when it occurs on mobile apps, “cross-app” advertising.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising on the web, or opt out of receiving those ads, by visiting (i) the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer
Opt-Out link
or (ii) the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Consumer
Opt-Out link
to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, you can visit the
Google Ads Settings page
.
As to cross-app advertising, each operating system (iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You should view your device or system “Settings” to determine how you can opt out of use of your device ID for “cross-app” personalized advertising.
Please note that to the extent advertising technology is integrated into our Services, you may still receive advertisements even if you opt-out. In that case, the advertising will not be tailored to your interests. Also, we do not control any of the above opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
Our Services may change from time to time. As a result, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time and from time to time without prior notice. If we make any material changes to the way we use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you by email, at the email address you have provided to us. If you object to any changes you must cease using our Services. Please review this Privacy Statement periodically by visiting this webpage. This Privacy Statement was last updated on the date indicated at the top of this page. Your continued use of our Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Statement indicates your agreement to the terms of the revised Privacy Statement.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please contact us at:
info@letseat.ky