Privacy Policy
General provisions
This Privacy Policy depicts your privacy rights in terms of gathering, use, storing, sharing, and protecting your personal data (hereinafter – Personal data), as well as the scope of processed Personal Data, the purposes, sources, recipients and other important aspects of data processing by registering, accessing, or using B4B companies group (UAB “B4B PAYMENTS EUROPE“ company code 305539054, registered address at Didžioji g. 18 LT-01128, Vilnius, Lithuania, “B4B Payments” company number 05941947, registered address at 4th Floor, 12-18 Grosvenor Gardens, Belgravia, London, SW1W 0DH, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and/or “B4B Payments (USA) Inc” company number 001418164, 275 Grove Street, Suite 2-400 Newton, MA 02466) (hereinafter – the Company or we) products, services, solutions, features, and technologies. If you do not agree, you should stop accessing our website https://www.b4bpayments.com/ (hereinafter – Website), or our services immediately and refrain from further access and use of them. We respect the privacy of every individual who visits our Website.
We use and process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable legal acts such as:
General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) (hereinafter – GDPR);
Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Prevention of the Republic of Lithuania;
Law on Legal protection of personal data of the Republic of Lithuania and;
other applicable legal acts.
When writing “
you
”, we refer to you as a potential, existing, former client of the Company, our client’s employee or other related party such as beneficial owner, authorised representatives, business partners, other associated parties or a user of our Website.
Principles of Personal Data processing
We process your personal data with the following principles:
principle of legality, fairness and transparency
– which means that the Personal Data with respect to you is processed in a lawful, honest and transparent way;
purpose limitation principle
– which means that the Personal Data is collected for specified, clearly defined and legitimate purposes and shall not be further processed in a way that is incompatible with those purposes;
data reduction principle
– which means that the Personal Data must be adequate, appropriate and is only necessary for the purposes for which it is processed;
accuracy principle
– which means that the Personal Data must be accurate and, if necessary, updated. All reasonable steps must be taken to ensure that Personal Data which is not accurate in relation to the purposes for which it is processed shall be immediately erased or corrected;
t
he principle of limitation of the length of the storage
– which means that the Personal Data shall be kept in such a way that your identity can be determined for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is processed;
integrity and confidentiality principle
– which means that the Personal Data shall be managed by applying appropriate technical or organisational measures in a way, which would ensure the proper security of the Personal Data, including the protection from an unauthorised processing or processing of an unauthorised data against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
Information we collect about you
If you are a potential client, or register with us as a client, we will ask you for information about yourself. The categories of personal data that we may collect about you are as follows:
Type of information
Personal data
Basic Personal Data
Name, surname, job title etc.
Identification information and other background verification data (your or your representative’s, ultimate beneficiary owners of legal entities)
(your or your representative’s, ultimate beneficiary owners of legal entities) name, surname, personal identity code, date of birth, address, nationality, gender, passport or ID card copy, evidence of beneficial ownership or the source of funds, number of shares held, voting rights or share capital part, title, visually scanned or photographed image of your face or image that you provide through a mobile application or camera, video and audio recordings for identification, telephone conversations to comply with client due diligence/”know your client”/anti-money laundering laws and collected as part of our client acceptance and ongoing monitoring procedures.
Financial data
Transactional data (e.g. beneficiary details, date, time, amount and currency which was used, name/IP address of sender and receiver), accounts, amount of transactions, income, location, etc.
Information related to legal requirements
Data resulting from enquiries made by the authorities, data that enables us to perform anti-money laundering requirements and ensure the compliance with international sanctions, including the purpose of the business relationship and whether you are a politically exposed person and other data that is required to be processed by us in order to comply with the legal obligation to “know your client”.
Contact data
Registered/actual place of residence, phone number, email address etc.
Special category data
Biometrical data, i.e. physical, or behavioural characteristics resulting from specific technical processing used during remote identification which confirms the unique identification of a person, e.g. facial images.
We do not process special category data related to your health, ethnicity, or religious or political beliefs unless required by law or in specific circumstances where, for example, you reveal such data while using services (e.g. in payments details).
Any other Personal Data related to you that you may provide
Purposes and legal basis for personal data processing
Your personal data is processed in accordance with the purposes and legal basis indicated in the table below.
The definitions from the table above are understood as follows:
Legitimate Interest:
The interest of ours as a business in conducting and managing our services to enable us to provide to you and offer the most secure experience.
Contract performance:
Processing your Personal Data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Legal Obligation:
Processing your Personal Data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Consent:
Your consent shall mean any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of your wishes by which you, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signify your agreement to the processing of personal data relating to you. We can request from you a consent for processing when we do not have another legal basis for processing of your data.
Purpose
Legal basis
Categories of Personal Data
Conclusion of the contract or for performance of measures at your request prior to the conclusion of the contract (
to get to know, identify and verify our clients
)
Contract performance
Basic Personal Data;
Identification and other background verification data;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data needed (in order to identify the possibility of providing services).
For the fulfilment of a contract concluded with you, including but not limited to provision of services of issuance, distribution and redemption of electronic money and provision of payment services
Contract performance
Basic Personal Data;
Identification and other background
verification data;
Financial data;
Information related to legal requirements;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of you or generated by us in the course of providing services.
Verification of your identity, prevention of money laundering and fraud, control and reporting obligations, for example:
Know Your Customer requirements, Preventing, detecting, and investigating money laundering, terrorist financing, and fraud, sanctions screening; risk management obligations Reporting to tax authorities, police authorities, enforcements authorities, supervisory authorities Bookkeeping regulations, Other obligations related to service or product specific legislations
Complying with legal obligations applicable to us
Basic Personal Data;
Identification and other background verification data;
Financial data;
Information related to legal requirements;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of you or generated by us in the course of providing our services.
For remote identification of your personal identity (matching the photo image or video records of your face point that you provide through a mobile app or camera with your ID document)
Complying with legal obligations applicable to us
Special category data, i.e. biometrical data
To prevent, limit and investigate any misuse or unlawful use or disturbance of the services or to establish, exercising and defend legal claims
Legitimate interests
Basic Personal Data;
Identification and other background verification data;
Financial data;
Information related to legal requirements;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of you or generated by us in the course of providing services.
To ensure adequate provisions of the services, the safety of information within the Services, as well as to improve, develop and maintain applications, technical systems and IT-infrastructure or our legitimate business interests , such as enabling us to improve and deliver a better and more personalised service.
Legitimate interests
Basic Personal Data;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by or on behalf of you or generated by us in the course of providing services.
To provide an answer when you contact us through our website or other communication measures
Contract performance
Basic Personal Data;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by you.
Direct marketing
Your consent
Basic Personal Data;
Contact Data;
Other Personal Data provided to us by you.
How do we obtain your Personal Data?
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, when becoming a new client (if you have entered into or seek to enter into an agreement with us). The Company also collects information which you provide to us, such as messages that you have sent to us, by access and use of our website or mobile application, by setting up an account with us, when you subscribe to our electronic publications (e.g. newsletters).
Personal Data that we may collect from third parties:
when it is provided to us by a third party which is connected to you and/or is dealing with us, for example, business partners, subcontractors, service providers, merchant etc.;
third party sources, for example, register held by governmental agencies or where we collect information about you to assist with “know your client” check-ups as part of our client acceptance procedures;
from publicly available sources – we may, for example, use sources to help us keep your contact details that we already possess accurate and up to date or for professional networking purposes or for providing our services;
from other entities which we collaborate with.
Our client on-boarding tools
In order to make your identity verification, we are using several tools/solutions provided by our partners.
We are using the “iDenfy” solution provided by our partner Identifikaciniai projektai, UAB. The solution matches the photo image or video records of your face point that you provide through a mobile app or camera with your ID document. For more information on “iDenfy” please read its privacy policy:
https://www.idenfy.com/privacy-policy/
“iDenfy” solution is used for comparing live photographic data or video record of yourself and your ID card/passport, to comply with legal obligations (e.g. implementation of the obligations under the Law on Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Prevention of the Republic of Lithuania and other fraud and crime prevention purposes) and risk management obligations.
The result of the face similarity (match or mismatch) will be retained for as long as it is necessary to carry out verification and for the period required by anti-money laundering laws.
We ensure that the checks disclosed above are a process of comparing data acquired at the time of the verification, i.e. this is a one-time user authorisation
Your provided data is not created, recorded and stored. It is not possible to regenerate the raw data from retained information. These processes shall allow us to verify you more precisely and will make the process quicker and easier to execute.
Using “iDenfy” services, personal data is used for your identification since “iDenfy” verifies the identity of the person in the identity document and the person captured in the photo.
We also use the identification solution “Equifax” provided by Equifax Limited before providing our services on “B4B Payments” in the UK. “Equifax” compares Your information entered with other data sources from the UK and internationally a decision on the authenticity of the identity shall be provided for you in real-time. For more information on “Equifax” please read its privacy policy:
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub
If you do not feel comfortable with these identification methods disclosed above, you may contact us by email data@b4bpayments.com for alternative ways to identify yourself.
Your rights regarding your Personal Data we hold
You as a data subject shall have the rights in respect of Personal Data that we hold on you. You have the following rights for your Personal Data that we have about you:
a right to get familiar with your Personal Data and how it is processed:
you have the right to know about processing of your Personal Data as well as to have the access to your Personal Data and processing. Your right to access may, however, be restricted by legislation, protection of other persons’ privacy and consideration for the Company’s business concept and business practices. The Company’s know-how, business secrets as well as internal assessments and material may restrict your right of access;
a right to have your Personal Data erased:
at any time you can make a request for us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data, however, in certain cases we may not be able to erase all of your Personal Data, due to the fact that we need to store your Personal Data due to a contractual relationship or law;
a right demand rectifying incorrect or incomplete Personal Data:
in cases where you find out that the Personal Data of yourself is incorrect, you always have the right to request a rectification of the Personal Data. You may do it by yourself, by logging in into your account and changing the profile settings. If your Personal Data was transferred to third-parties data processors, they will be notified of any editing or deletion of your Personal Data;
a right to request to restrict the processing of your Personal Data:
you shall always be able to demand that our processing of your Personal Data be restricted for a period of time. It may happen in situations for example when you believe that Personal Data about you is inaccurate and we need to verify it. It can also pertain to a situation where you object to processing that we base on a legitimate interest. In such case we must verify if our grounds override yours;
a right to obtain a copy of your Personal Data:
you may always be able to request us to receive a copy of your Personal Data, except in the cases when the provision of such data may affect and harm rights and freedoms of others;
a right to your Personal Data portability:
transfer your Personal Data to another data controller or provide directly to you in a convenient format (NOTE: applicable to Personal Data which is provided by you and which is processed by automated means on the basis of consent or on the basis of conclusion and performance of the contract);
a right to object to any processing based on the legitimate interests:
you may always object to the processing of your Personal Data when the processing is based on a legitimate interest.
a right to withdraw your consent:
you always are able to withdraw your consent to process your Personal Data when the Personal Data is being processed based on your consent. However, such consent withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
a right not to be a subject to a decision based solely on automated processing;
other rights established in GDPR and legal acts;
a right to lodge a complaint and a right to lodge an appeal to the State Data Protection Inspectorate:
In cases when you believe that the Personal Data of yourself is processed by not complying with GDPR or other applicable legal acts, you may always submit a complaint for us.
For complaints regarding the services of UAB “B4B Payments Europe”:
You can contact us via email:
complaints@b4bpayments.com
or by personally appearing at our registered office address at Lvovo g. 105A LT-08104, Vilnius, Lithuania, or by ordinary mail sent to our registered address.
For complaints regarding the services of UAB “B4B Payments Europe”:
You can contact us via email: complaints@b4bpayments.com or by personally appearing at our registered office address at Didzioji g. 18 LT-1128, Vilnius, Lithuania, or by ordinary mail sent to our registered address.
For complaints regarding the services of “B4B Payments”:
You can contact us via email:
complaints@b4bpayments.com
or by personally appearing at our registered office address at 4th Floor, 12-18 Grosvenor Gardens, Belgravia, London, SW1W 0DH, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, or by ordinary mail sent to our registered address.
We ask you to clearly disclose your name, surname, contact details and the relevant information, which you should indicate why you reasonably feel that we may process your personal data by violating GDPR or other applicable legal acts.
Your requests addressed both for
UAB “B4B Payments Europe”
and
“B4B Payments”
shall be fulfilled or fulfilment of your requests shall be refused by specifying the reasons for such refusal within 30 (thirty) calendar days from the date of submission of the request meeting our internal rules and GDPR. The afore-mentioned time frame may be extended for 30 (thirty) calendar days by giving a prior notice to you if the request is related to a great scope of Personal Data or other simultaneously examined requests. A response to you will be provided in a form of your choosing as the requester. We, after examining the complaint, report the results and actions taken to satisfy your complaint, or provide relevant information on what further actions you may take if your complaint was not satisfied.
However, please be informed that if you believe that the Personal Data is processed in a way that violates your rights and legitimate interests stipulated by applicable legislation You may lodge a complaint to relevant authorities.
For complaints regarding UAB “B4B Payments Europe” services:
you may address the State Data Protection Inspectorate with a claim regarding the processing of your Personal Data if you believe that the Personal Data is processed in a way that violates your rights and legitimate interests stipulated by applicable legislation. You may apply in accordance with the procedures for handling complaints that are established by the State Data Protection Inspectorate and which may be found by this link:
https://vdai.lrv.lt/lt/veiklos-sritys-1/skundu-nagrinejimas/
For complaints regarding “B4B Payments” services:
you may address the UK data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) which may be found by this link:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Data retention period
We will retain your data for a statutory period, following the principle of limitation of the length of the storage.
We may use your data for as long as reasonably necessary for the limited purpose of providing our services to you.
The terms of retention of the personal data for the purposes of the processing of the personal data as defined in this Privacy Policy are following:
we retain your personal data as long as your consent remains in force, if there are no other legal requirements which shall be fulfilled concerning personal data’s processing;
in case of the conclusion and execution of contracts – we retain your personal data until the contract concluded between you and us remains in force and up to 10 (ten) years after the contractual relationship between you and us has ended;
the data of our registers shall be stored for at least 8 (eight) years from the day of termination of transactions or other business relationship with you. The storage period may be extended additionally upon a reasoned instruction of a competent institution, nevertheless the extension cannot last longer than 2 (two) years;
documents confirming monetary operation or transaction or other documents having legal force related to the performance of the monetary operations or conclusion of the transactions shall be stored for 8 (eight) years from the day of the performance of the monetary operation or conclusion of the transaction. The storage period may be extended additionally upon a reasoned instruction of a competent institution, nevertheless the extension cannot last longer than 2 (two) years;
copies of the documents proving your identity, invoices and/or contractual documentation (original documents) shall be stored for 8 (eight) years from the day of termination of the transactions or business relationship with you. The storage period may be extended additionally upon a reasoned instruction of a competent institution, nevertheless the extension cannot last longer than 2 (two) years;
written or electronic correspondence relating to the business relationship with you shall be stored for 5 (five) years from the day of the termination of the transactions or business relationship with you. The storage period may be extended additionally upon a reasoned instruction of a competent institution, nevertheless the extension cannot last longer than 2 (two) years;
results of investigations of complex or unusually large transactions and unusual transaction structures are stored for 5 (five) years in paper format or on an electronic medium. The storage period may be extended additionally upon a reasoned instruction of a competent institution, nevertheless the extension cannot last longer than 2 (two) years;
Your personal data which has been submitted by you through our website is kept for a period which is necessary for the fulfilment of your request and to maintain further cooperation, but no longer than 6 (six) months after the last day of the communication, in case there are no legal requirements to keep them longer.
In the cases when the terms of data keeping are indicated in the legislative regulations, the legislative regulations are applied.
Your Personal Data might be stored longer if:
it is necessary in order for us to defend ourselves against claims, demands or action and exercise our rights;
there is a reasonable suspicion of an unlawful act that is being investigated;
your Personal Data is necessary for the proper resolution of a dispute/ complaint;
under other statutory grounds.
Job applicant data is retained for the period of 6-12 months once the recruitment exercise ends based on a legitimate interest to back up our decision making related to possible complaints.
If we have sought your consent to keep your data on file for future job vacancies, and you have provided consent, we will keep your data for a longer period we agree on individually.
Automated decision-making
In some cases, we may use automated decision-making which refers to a decision taken solely on the basis of automated processing of your Personal Data.
Automated decision-making refers to the processing using, for example, a software code or an algorithm, which does not require human intervention.
We may use forms of automated decision making on processing your Personal Data for some services and products. You can request a manual review of the accuracy of an automated decision in case you are not satisfied with it.
Who data will be shared with
We may transfer your Personal Data in accordance with the principles of confidentiality to the following categories of recipients:
between the companies belonging to B4B companies’ group;
our business partners, agents or intermediaries who are a necessary part of the provision of our products and services, as well as, card organisations (such as VISA or MasterCard) – in connection with our payment services;
governmental bodies and/or supervisory authorities (in accordance with the requirements and obligations under the provisions of legal acts concerning anti-money laundering, fraud prevention, counter terrorist financing), credit, financial, payment and/or other electronic money institutions;
pre-trial investigation institutions, the State Tax Inspectorate, ICO and other;
lawyers, bailiffs, auditors etc.;
service providers, who make your identity verification by using their IT solutions;
companies providing services for money laundering, politically exposed persons and terrorist financing check-up and other fraud and crime prevention purposes and/ or companies providing similar services;
external service providers (that provide such services as, for example, system development and/or improvement, audit services);
beneficiaries of transaction funds receiving the information in payment statements together with the funds of the transaction;
other entities that have a legitimate interest or the Personal Data may be shared with them under the contract which is concluded between you and us;
other entities under an agreement with us.
International transfer of Personal Data
For the purpose to provide you our services we can engage third-party service providers outside the European Economic Area (hereinafter –
EEA
). The transfer of Personal Data may be considered as needed in such situations as, e.g.:
in order to conclude the contract between you and us and/or to fulfil the obligations under such contract;
– in cases indicated in laws and regulations for protection of our lawful interests, e.g. in order to bring proceedings in court/other governmental bodies;
– in order to fulfil legal requirements or in order to realise public interest.
As well, in other cases your Personal Data is transferred outside the EEA, we will take all steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and we will ensure that it is protected and transferred in a manner consistent with the legal requirements applicable to the Personal Data. This can be done in a number of different ways, for example:
– the country to which we send the Personal Data, a territory or one or more specified sectors within that third country, or the international organisation is approved by the European Commission as having an adequate level of protection;
– the recipient has signed standard data protection clauses which are approved by the European Commission;
– special permission has been obtained from a supervisory authority.
We may transfer Personal Data to a third country by taking other measures if it ensures appropriate safeguards as indicated in the GDPR.
If you subscribe to our mailing list
From time to time we may offer to distribute news and other marketing content to individuals who have asked us to do so. We will do this via mailing lists.
You always have the chance to withdraw your consent once you give your consent for us, even before receiving your first email with our news or other marketing content. In cases when you do not object to the use of your e-mail for the marketing of our similar goods and services you are granted with clear, free of charge and easily realisable unsubscribe link in all emails from our mailing lists, so that you can remove your contact information at any time. We shall state in each notification sent by email that you are entitled to object to the processing of the personal data or refuse to receive notifications from us.
We will only contact you via your email address in the way which you have given your consent and we will only send you emails on topics as described during the mailing list signup, for instance, news about our products.
We will not share our mailing list subscribers with any other third party, other than as required for us to send emails to the mailing list.
We will only store email addresses in our mailing list.
In case you do not agree to receive these marketing emails offered by us, our business partners or third parties, this will not have any impact on the provision of services to you as the client.
Cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies to ensure the stable operations of our website, in order to adapt its content to your needs, to improve the features of our website and to manage advertising campaign based on the interests of our website audience.
For more information regarding cookies, please read our
COOKIE POLICY
.
Security
The Company will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, accidental or unlawful destruction, modification, disclosure, unauthorised access alteration or any other unlawful handling of information you give us. Agents or contractors of ours who have access to information which you give us in the course of providing services to B4B Payments are required to keep that information confidential and are not permitted to use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services which they are performing for B4B Payments.
The Company and any third-party service providers that may engage in the processing of Personal Data on our behalf (for the purposes indicated above) are also contractually obligated to respect the confidentiality of the Personal Data.
B4B Payments will maintain all applicable PCI DSS requirements to the extent proportionate to the cardholder data processed or transmitted on behalf of you, or to the extent that B4B Payments could impact the security of your cardholder data environment.
Changes for this Privacy Policy
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and reserve the right to modify it at any time in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Any changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their publication on our
Website
.
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay updated on any changes.
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we have implemented this privacy notice to inform you, as prospective employees of our Company, of the types of data we process about you when you apply for the job.
We follow these principles, to ensure that:
data processing is fair, lawful and transparent
data is collected for specific, explicit, and legitimate purposes
data collected is adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes of processing
data is kept accurate and up to date. Data which is found to be inaccurate will be rectified or erased without delay
data is not kept for longer than is necessary for its given purpose
data is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of personal data including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage by using appropriate technical or organisation measures
we comply with the relevant GDPR procedures for international transferring of personal data
We keep several categories of personal data on our prospective employees in order to carry out effective and efficient processes. We keep this data in recruitment files relating to each vacancy and we also hold the data within our computer systems, for example, recruitment logs.
Specifically, we hold the following types of data:
personal details such as name, address, phone numbers;
information of any disability you have or other medical information relevant;
right to work documentation;
information gathered via the recruitment process such as that entered into a CV or included in a CV cover letter;
references from former employers (Not applicable to Lithuanian office);
criminal background information (Not applicable to Lithuanian office);
social background information for some staff (Not applicable to Lithuanian office);
Passport or photo ID copy;
proof of address (Not applicable to Lithuanian office).
You provide several pieces of data to us directly during the recruitment exercise.
In some cases, we will collect data about you from third parties, such as employment agencies, former employers when gathering references or credit reference agencies.
Should you be successful in your job application, we will gather further information from you, for example, your bank details and next of kin details, once your employment begins.
This data is collected on this lawful basis. (1) legal obligations under Lithuanian and UK law, (2) your consent and (3) legitimate interests of B4B such as making decisions on employment, salary, benefits as well as other motivation, determining your suitability for the position, skill level and assessing your training needs, preventing fraud, dealing with legal claims against B4B.
Some of this data is a special category of data, which is collected for the purposes of equal opportunities monitoring, meeting your specific needs for the work environment, and your eligibility for certain positions following PCI DSS requirements (criminal conviction data based on our legitimate interests).
EU and UK job applicant data is not shared outside the EU and UK.
US job applicant data is not shared outside the US, EU and UK.
Contact us
You may contact us by writing to us at data@b4bpayments.com or post us at our relevant registered office address.
Our data protection officer
Our data protection officer (hereinafter – DPO) continuously monitors our privacy compliance and communicates with us on data protection matters relevant to the provision of our services. You may contact our DPO regarding all issues relating to our company’s processing of your personal data and the exercise of your data protection rights by sending an e-mail to the address: data@b4bpayments.com
Privacy policy last modified on: 11 of February, 2025
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.idenfy.com/privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
We are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the UAB “iDenfy”. The use of the Internet pages of the UAB “iDenfy” is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the UAB “iDenfy”. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
As the
processor
, the UAB “iDenfy” has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone and to take personal responsibility to ensure transferred data safety.
1. Definitions
The data protection declaration of the UAB “iDenfy” is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2016/679. Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
Personal data –
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Data subject –
Data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
Processing –
Processing is any operation or set of operations that are performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Restriction of processing –
Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
Profiling –
Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular, to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.
Pseudonymization –
Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Controller or controller responsible for the processing –
Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law. In our case, Controller is the customer or the client of the iDenfy. iDenfy only acts as a controller when collecting cookies from non-customer/client needs, starts marketing campaign or if the possible candidate/employee enters the website.
Processor –
Processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
Recipient –
Recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
Third-party –
Third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
Consent –
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
Freemium version
– iDenfy provides free identity verification services for data controllers. These freemium accounts are with limited functions.
Premium version
– iDenfy provides paid identity verification services for data controllers. These premium accounts usually don’t have functionality limitations.
Trust service version
– iDenfy provides identity verification services compliant with trust service requirements. Trust service policies are being applied in this package according to policies outlined in eIDAS Regulation (EU) 910/2014 (“eIDAS”), ETSI Standards 119 461, 319 401
2. Name and Address of the processor
Processor for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is:
UAB “iDenfy” (Further in the text: iDenfy)
Baršausko street 59, 51423 Kaunas, Lithuania
Phone: +370 640 84466
Email: dpo@idenfy.com
Website:
www.idenfy.com
iDenfy may act in the role either as a Data Controller or Data Processor.
3. Cookies
The Internet pages of the UAB “iDenfy” use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser.
Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID.
Through the use of cookies, the UAB “iDenfy” can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. More is defined in
www.idenfy.com/cookie-policy
.
4. Collection of general data and information
The website of the UAB “iDenfy” collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website.
This general data and information are stored in the server log files
Processed data:
the person’s name;
surname;
gender;
identity document number;
personal code (if it is issued);
identity number (i.e. national identification number) (if it is issued);
birth date;
identity document expiry date;
identity document issued date ((if it is issued);
identity document photograph(s);
face photograph(s);
citizenship/nationality;
client id;
identification date and method.
IP address.
device fingerprint (“user-agent”).
Processed information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack, (5) provide products and services for our clients and fulfill the agreement conditions between the Parties
5. Data processing place
iDenfy stores data until retention only in the Amazon AWS Europe (Dublin, Ireland).
In some extra cases data can be sent outside the European union but only if additional and necessary safety guards would be ensured (Standard contractual clauses and similar).
6. Registration on our website
The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with an indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.
By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
iDenfy acts as a Data Processor when dealing with Customers/Clients collected data. iDenfy as a Data processor will cooperate with Data Controller to ensure that the data controller at any time could provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject.
7. Contact possibility via the website
The website of the UAB “iDenfy” contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If iDenfy as a Data processor receives request from the Data Subject, the obligation of iDenfy is to transfer such a request to the Data Controller and cooperate with Controller for answer granting, if needed.
8. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data
The data processor shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the processor is subject to.
If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
9. Rights of the data subject
Right of confirmation –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee from where services are bought/granted. iDenfy as a Data processor will act in the Agreement with Data Controller and will cooperate with Data Controller to fulfill this Data Subject request. All request regarding this Data subject right can be sent to dpo@idenfy.com.
Right of access,
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of the processing;
the categories of personal data concerned;
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations;
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period;
the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing;
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source;
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject.
Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organization. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller and  iDenfy as Data Processor will act accordingly Agreement made with Data Controller and support Controller with all known information.
Right to rectification –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller by sending an email to dpo@idenfy.com.
Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten)
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary:
The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.
The personal data have been unlawfully processed.
The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject.
The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR.
If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the UAB “iDenfy”, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller. An employee of UAB “iDenfy” shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately.
Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. Employees of the UAB “iDenfy” will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases.
Right of restriction of processing –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead of the restriction of their use instead.
The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the UAB “iDenfy”, he or she may at any time contact any employee of the controller. The employee of the UAB “iDenfy” will arrange the restriction of the processing.
Right to data portability –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of the UAB “iDenfy” by sending an email to dpo@idenfy.com.
Right to object –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The UAB “iDenfy” shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights, and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If the UAB “iDenfy” processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the UAB “iDenfy” to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the UAB “iDenfy” will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to the processing of personal data concerning him or her by the UAB “iDenfy” for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may contact any employee of the UAB “iDenfy”. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
Automated individual decision-making, including profiling –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorized by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) are not based on the data subject’s explicit consent. If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, the UAB “iDenfy” shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the UAB “iDenfy” by sending an email to dpo@idenfy.com.
Right to withdraw data protection consent –
Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the UAB “iDenfy”.
! Clarification:
All of the requests which are made in the case when iDenfy acts as a Data processor will be transferred to the Data Controller or iDenfy will act upon a Data Processing Agreement which is made with Data Controller and will support Data Controller upon request.
All of the requests which are made in the case when iDenfy acts as a Data Controller will be fulfilled regarding GDPR 2016/679 clauses (Data Subject rights; Data Controller obligations) and will be answered per 30 days.
10. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Facebook
On this website, there are integrated components of the enterprise Facebook. Facebook is a social network.
A social network is a place for social meetings on the Internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. A social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or experiences or enable the Internet community to provide personal or business-related information. Facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
The operating company of Facebook is Facebook, Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States. If a person lives outside of the United States or Canada, the controller is the Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet website, which is operated by the controller and into which a Facebook component (Facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding Facebook component from Facebook through the Facebook component. An overview of all the Facebook Plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. During the course of this technical procedure, Facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook, Facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-site of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the Facebook component and associated with the respective Facebook account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the Facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the “Like” button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then Facebook matches this information with the personal Facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
Facebook always receives, through the Facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on Facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the Facebook component or not. If such a transmission of information to Facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their Facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
The data protection guideline published by Facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by Facebook. In addition, it is explained there what setting options Facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. In addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to Facebook. These applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate data transmission to Facebook.
11. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics (with anonymization function)
On this website,  there are integrated component of Google Analytics (with the anonymizer function). Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising.
The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States.
For web analytics, through Google Analytics iDenfy uses the application “_gat. _anonymizeIp”. By means of this application, the IP address of the Internet connection of the data subject is abridged by Google and anonymized when accessing our websites from a Member State of the European Union or another Contracting State to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.
The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us.
Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such as personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/.
12. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google-AdWords
On this website, there is integrated Google AdWords. Google AdWords is a service for Internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google advertising network. Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google’s search results only then displayed when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords.
The operating company of Google AdWords is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES.
The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and an insertion of third-party advertising on our website.
If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shop system, were called up on our website. Through the conversion cookie, both Google and the controller can understand whether a person who reached an AdWords ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a sale of goods.
The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website. These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the success or failure of each AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads in the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the data subject.
The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google AdWords may be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs.
The data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest-based advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject must access from each of the browsers in use the link www.google.de/settings/ads and set the desired settings.
Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
13. Data protection provisions about the application and use of LinkedIn
There are integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible.
With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn. Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject. This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not. If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made.
LinkedIn provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame. The setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
.
14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of HubSpot
There is integrated components of the HubSpot Inc on this website. HubSpot is a developer and marketer of software products for inbound marketing and sales. It was founded in 2006. Its products and services aim to provide tools for social media marketing, content management, web analytics, and search engine optimization, sales data, contact storing and analyzation.
The operating company of Hubspot is Hubspot Inc, 25 First Street, 2nd Floor Cambridge, MA 02141, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES. Hubspot Inc is listed in the PrivacyShield framework that means it is safe to process data with Hubspot outside European Union jurisdiction.
Hubspot is used to collect traffic data, contact data, arrange meetings, to track the sales process.
15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of WP Engine INC
This page is hosted in the company WP Engine INC.
The vendor is hosting service provider in European Union jurisdiction, Germany.
16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Mailchimp
For some email subscriptions, we may use Mailchimp services to deliver news, and updates via email.
The operating company of Mailchimp is The Rocket Science Group, LLC 675 Ponce de Leon Ave NE Suite 5000 Atlanta, GA 30308 UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES.
The Rocket Science Group, LLC is listed in the PrivacyShield framework which means it is safe to process data with Mailchimp outside European Union jurisdiction. More regarding data security
https://mailchimp.com/en-gb/about/security/
17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Vonage
We may use Vonage to deliver call service, SMS, or other telephony services.
The operating company of Vonage is Vonage INC, 23 Main Street, Holmdel, NJ 07733, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES, the
company has implemented high-security standards ISO 27001, PCI-DSS, SOC, HITRUST, and CSA STAR
https://www.vonage.com/unified-communications/platform/security-reliability/
18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Typeform
We may use Typeform to deliver the form submission service.
The vendor is the forms service provider in the European Union jurisdiction, Spain. More regarding data security
https://www.typeform.com/help/a/security-at-typeform-360029259552/#h_01FDEP494ZGQY2TTCSJZ2BG4ZJ
19. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Cookiebot
We may use Cookiebot to deliver cookie consent.
The operating company of CookieBot is Cybot A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058, Copenhagen, Denmark. The vendor is the cookie consent service provider in European Union jurisdiction, Denmark, more regarding data security
https://www.typeform.com/help/a/security-at-typeform-360029259552/#h_01FDEP494ZGQY2TTCSJZ2BG4ZJ
20. Data protection provisions about the application and use of HotJar
We may use HotJar Ltd to deliver the freemium service.
The vendor is the forms service provider stores in European Union jurisdiction, Malta, more regarding data security
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/gdpr-commitment/
21. Data protection provisions about the application and use of G2.com
We may use G2.com, Inc. to track conversion from G2.com.
The operating company of G2.com is G2.com, Inc, 100 S. Wacker Dr., Suite 600 Chicago, IL 60606, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES
company has implemented high-security standards SOC I, SOC II
https://trust.g2.com/
22. Legal basis for the processing
Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR.
Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations that are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR).
23. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.
24. Period for which the personal data will be stored
The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period.
Mostly data retention periods are agreed upon with the Data Controller (
Customer
/
Client
of iDenfy) if premium or trust service versions are used and might vary:
1 day
30 days
60 days
5 years
8 years
10 years
If the freemium version is in use when the data retention period is 30 days.
After the expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.
If Data Controller considers data as required to archive iDenfy will act under Controller’s requirements and will store data upon Data Controller’s request.
25. Provision of personal data as a statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data
We clarify that the provision of personal data is partly required by law (e.g. tax regulations) or can also result from contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner).
Sometimes it may be necessary to conclude a contract that the data subject provides us with personal data, which must subsequently be processed by us. The data subject is, for example, obliged to provide us with personal data when our company signs a contract with him or her. The non-provision of the personal data would have the consequence that the contract with the data subject could not be concluded.
Before personal data is provided by the data subject, the data subject must contact any employee. The employee clarifies to the data subject whether the provision of the personal data is required by law or contract or is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide the personal data and the consequences of non-provision of the personal data.
26. Existence of automated decision-making
As a responsible company, we are transparent and share information about automated decision-making. Automated decision-making processing activity is made during identification process if biometrical identification were chosen. All relevant details, steps and decision are visible for the Data subject. If any additional questions:
dpo@idenfy.com
.
27. Document History
2020-03-02 Document created;
2020-03-02 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “Identifikaciniai Projektai”;
2021-01-08 Document re-viewed;
2021-02-10 Document updated;
2021-02-10 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “Identifikaciniai Projektai”;
2022-06-22 Changed company name from UAB “Identifikaciniai Projektai” to UAB “iDenfy”;
2022-06-22 Changed email from info@idenfy.com to dpo@idenfy.com;
2022-06-22 Added subprocessor Mailchimp Inc;
2022-06-22 Added subprocessor Vonage;
2022-06-22 Added subprocessor Typeform;
2022-06-22 Added subprocessor CookieBot;
2021-06-22 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “iDenfy”;
2022-12-27 Added freemium, premium, and trust service plans retention time;
2022-12-27 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “iDenfy”;
2023-03-17 Added subprocessor HotJar;
2023-03-17 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “iDenfy”;
2024-10-01 Added subprocessor G2.com;
2024-10-01 Document approved by Domantas Ciulde the director of UAB “iDenfy”;
X
NEW
Onboarded Company Information Crossmatch
Check a demo
Sub-policy 1
https://www.equifax.co.uk/privacy-hub:
Privacy Hub
Welcome to the Privacy Hub.
We want you to trust Equifax with your personal data, which is why it’s so important that you understand how and why we’re using it and also understand your rights in relation to it.
Through the Privacy Hub you can read our privacy notices, refer to our Privacy FAQs, and understand privacy specific terminology thanks to our Privacy Glossary.
MyEquifax and Website Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax processes personal data relating to consumer products and services, and users of the Equifax website. These processing activities usually relate to personal data that has been collected directly from the individual or their use of the website and consumer products and services.
Find out more
Equifax Credit Reference and Related Services Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax processes personal data as part of its core credit reference agency (CRA) activities. These processing activities often relate to personal data that has not been collected directly from the individual.
Find out more
Credit Reference Agency Information Notice (CRAIN)
This privacy notice, produced with Experian and Transunion (the other key CRAs), explains how personal data is processed for core credit referencing activities. This often relates to personal data that has not been collected directly from the individual.
Find out more
Equifax (TDX) Debt Services Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax’s group company, TDX Group Limited, processes personal data to support clients with debt management and recovery.
Find out more
Equifax and Consents Online Open Banking Privacy Notice
This privacy notice explains how Equifax’s group company, Consents Online Limited, processes personal data to provide clients with access to consumer transaction data held within payment accounts. This is known as open banking.
Find out more
Equifax Workforce Solutions Privacy Notice
This privacy notice describes how and why Equifax processes personal data to administer our Workforce Solutions database and related services.
Find out more
Cookie Notice
Find out more
Privacy Glossary
Find out more
Privacy FAQs
Find out more
Your Equifax Cookie Preferences
We use cookies and similar technologies, including from our partners, to enable certain functionality on our site, help tailor and improve our content, analyse how you use the site, and deliver adverts relevant to you on our site and third party platforms.
Click
"Accept All"
if you agree to our use of these cookies. Alternatively, you can reject any cookies that aren't strictly necessary by clicking
"Reject All"
or choose which types of cookies you would like us to use by clicking
"Let Me Choose"
.
For more information about how we use cookies, please see our
Cookie Notice
.
Accept All
Reject All
Let Me Choose
We use cookies and similar technologies, including from our partners, to enable certain functionality on our site, help tailor and improve our content, analyse how you use the site, and deliver adverts relevant to you on our site and third party platforms.
By clicking on the below selectors you can set your preferences for each category of cookies. Choosing not to enable cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To find out more about how we use cookies, visit our
Cookie Notice
.
Strictly Necessary
Strictly necessary cookies are essential to enable you to move around this website and use its features and/or services. These cookies allow this website to provide services at the request of users and can’t be turned off.
Functional cookies allow this website to remember the choices you make e.g. your user name, log in details, language preferences and any customisations you make to website pages during your visit. They are necessary to provide features and services specific to individual users.
Performance and Analytics
Performance cookies allow us to update this website to cater for user preferences and improve performance. They collect information about how this website is used, e.g. which pages users visit most often and where error messages are delivered. These typically collect and process information at an aggregated and often anonymous level. If you would like to disable these cookies, please select ‘no’ below and save your preferences.
Advertising and Targeting
These cookies do things like show you content and promotions that are relevant to you while browsing the Equifax UK website and other sites on the internet. It helps to limit the number of times those adverts are served to you and measure the effectiveness of campaigns. Switching off these cookies won’t reduce the number of promotions you see but will mean they are less personalised. If you would like to disable these cookies, please select ‘no’ below and save your preferences.
Save
Select all