Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
Introduction
Toki (“our”, “we”, or “us”) provides messaging, Internet calling, e-wallet and other services. Please read our Terms and Conditions so you understand the basic rights and obligations that you and us have between us when you use our Services.
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app.
If you are using Toki on behalf of a company, partnership, association, government or other organisation (your “Organisation”), you warrant that you are authorised to do so and thatyou are directed to make sure that your Organisation is following these Terms. In such circumstances, “you” will include your Organisation.
For the purposes of these Terms, any reference in these Terms to “Toki” refers to Toki and all Toki-related services provided by or on behalf of us or our affiliate companies from time to time, including the following services:
Toki;
Toki Business Portal;
Toki Chatbot platform;
Unitel Out; and
Toki e-wallet.
About our Service
NO ACCESS TO EMERGENCY SERVICES: There are important differences between TOKI and your mobile and fixed-line telephone and SMS services. Our Services do not provide access to emergency services or emergency services providers, including the police, fire departments, or hospitals, or otherwise connect to public safety answering points. You should ensure you can contact your relevant emergency services providers through a mobile, fixed-line telephone, or other service.
You must register for our Services using accurate data, provide your current mobile phone number, and, if you change it, update this mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature. You agree to receive text messages or emails (from us or our third-party providers) with codes to register for our Services.
You must be at least 14 years old to use our Services (or such greater age required in your country for you to be authorized to use our Services without parental approval). In addition to being of the minimum required age to use our Services under applicable law, if you are not old enough to have authority to agree to our Terms in your country, your parent or guardian must agree to our Terms on your behalf.
To create an e-wallet account, you must be a resident of Mongolia, be at least 14 years old and own your mobile number that you are currently using.
You should be aware that there are certain things that Toki will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but Toki cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
Acceptable use of our services
You are responsible for: (a) safeguarding your account details, including any passwords used to access your account and Toki, and (b) all use of Toki under your account, including any transfers of funds made and/or payment obligations arising under your account. We will regard all use of your account on Toki as being by you, except where we have received a valid and –properly received notification to us regarding your account or password being compromised.
You must use our Services according to our Terms and policies. If your account is disabled due to a violation of these Terms by you, you may not create another account without our permission.
You must access and use our Services only for legal, authorised, and acceptable purposes. You may not use (or assist others in using) our Services in ways that: (a) violate, misappropriate, or infringe the rights of Toki, other users of Toki, or others, including privacy, publicity, intellectual property, or other proprietary rights; (b) are illegal, obscene, defamatory, threatening, intimidating, harassing, hateful, racially, or ethnically offensive, or instigate or encourage conduct that would be illegal, or otherwise inappropriate, including promoting violent crimes; (c) involve publishing falsehoods, misrepresentations, or misleading statements; (d) impersonate someone; (e) involve sending illegal or impermissible communications such as bulk messaging, auto-messaging, auto-dialling, and the like; or (f) involve any non-personal use of our Services unless otherwise authorized by us.
In connection with your use of our wallet, you must not: (a) create or control more than one personal account for yourself without our express authorisation, through, among other methods, using a name that is not yours, using a temporary e-mail address or phone number, or providing any other falsified personal information; (b) act in a manner that is defamatory, trade libellous, threatening or harassing; (c) send or receive what we reasonably believe to be potentially fraudulent money or payments for advertising, marketing, or otherwise on an unsolicited and unauthorized basis; (d) refuse to cooperate in an investigation process or to provide confirmation of your identity or any information you provide to us; (e) control an account that is linked to another Toki wallet account that has engaged in any of these restricted activities; use the Toki services in a manner that results in or may result in: complaints, disputes; claims, reversals, chargebacks, fees, fines, penalties or other liability or losses to Toki, other customers, third parties or you; (f) use your Toki account or the Toki services in a manner that we, Visa, Mastercard, Partner banks, Central Bank of Mongolia or any other electronic funds transfer network reasonably believes to be an abuse of the card system or a violation of card association or network rules, or for the purpose of earning rewards, perks, points, etc. with your credit card, debit card, or bank account; (g) have any amounts owed to us; (h) make excessive or unexplainable transactions that deviate from the norm (i) circumvent any of our policies or determinations about your Toki account such as temporary or indefinite suspensions or other account holds, limitations or restrictions, including, but not limited to, engaging in the following actions: attempting to open new or additional Toki account(j) when you have amounts owed to us or when your Toki account has been restricted, suspended or otherwise limited; open new or additional Toki accounts using information that is not your own (e.g. name, address, e-mail address, etc.); or using someone else’s Toki account.
You must not (or assist others to) access, use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sublicense, transfer, display, perform, or otherwise exploit our Services in impermissible or unauthorized manners, or in ways that burden, impair, or harm us, our Services, systems, our users, or others, including that you must not directly or through automated means: (a) reverse engineer, alter, modify, create derivative works from, decompile, or extract code from our Services; (b) send, store, or transmit viruses or other harmful computer code through or onto our Services; (c) gain or attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Services or systems; (d) interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of our Services; (e) create accounts for our Services through unauthorized or automated means; (f) collect the information of or about our users in any impermissible or unauthorized manner; (g) sell, resell, rent, or charge for our Services; or (h) distribute or make our Services available over a network where they could be used by multiple devices at the same time.
Additional terms and policies
Your content
When you submit, upload, transmit or display any data, information, media or other content in connection with your use of Toki (“Your Content”), you understand and agree that:
you will continue to own and be responsible for Your Content;
we will not sell Your Content to any third party;
you are giving us and our affiliate companies a perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use Your Content (with no fees or charges payable by us to you) for the purposes of providing, promoting, developing and trying to improve Toki and our other services, including new services that we may provide in the future. All such use will, to the extent Your Content contains Personal Information, be in accordance with our Toki Privacy Policy. As part of this license, we and our affiliate companies may, subject to our Toki Privacy Policy, copy, reproduce, host, store, process, adapt, modify, translate, perform, distribute and publish Your Content worldwide in all media and by all distribution methods, including those that are developed in the future;
you grant other Toki users a non-exclusive license to access and use Your Content within Toki, in accordance with these Terms and Toki’s functionalities;
we may use the name that you submit in connection with Your Content (whether that be your account name, real name or otherwise); and
you will comply with these Terms, including our Toki Acceptable Use Policy, in your submission of Your Content.
Toki Wallet
Toki Wallet refers to the payment method via which you would transfer funds using the balance in the payment account that Toki has set up for you. You have the right to use the balance in Toki Wallet for spending and transferring. If there is not enough balance, you will be able to top-up your account with the payment methods provided in the application. You may also increase the balance in your wallet by receiving transfers from others.
If you have enabled the Toki fingerprint payment function, you are deemed to have agreed that, when you use such function, the Toki shall not need to verify your payment transaction pin or SMS dynamic code, and can carry out deduction and collection operations on your wallet balance and linked bank accounts following transaction instruction by you, the merchant, or the payee, in reliance on the fingerprint verification information sent by your mobile phone or other mobile devices.
You understand and agree that the Toki is not a bank or financial institution and cannot provide services that ensure immediate transfer of funds to your account. You acknowledge that it takes reasonable time for the transfer of funds to complete.
During the course of your use of Toki Wallet service, Toki is not responsible for any risks related to currency depreciation, exchange rate losses and interest losses related to your management, collection or payment of funds, and Toki is not required to pay or to reimburse you any proceeds of payment interests.
Payment
We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for. We may from time to time make available payment methods to you for automatic, recurring or subscription-based charges. Where we do so, you agree that (subject to applicable laws and regulations):
such purchases or payments are generally made by you on an advance basis. Unless the purchase was on a subscription basis, we will notify you prior to any automatic renewals;
you authorise us to: (a) save your chosen payment method’s information (e.g. credit card information) on partner bank’s systems; and (b) bill your chosen payment method for the relevant time-periods as chosen by or notified to you;
if any payment made via your chosen payment method is rejected, denied or returned unpaid for any reason: (a) we may not provide you with, or suspend our provision of, the relevant Toki product or service until payment is properly processed; and (b) you are liable to us for any fees, costs, expenses or other amounts we incur arising from such rejection, denial or return (and we may automatically charge you for such amounts).
Charges for Unitel out and Other Products or features
As a part of our Service, we offer you to call users of Unitel, a Mongolian telecommunication company, from the app. In order to Unitel phone numbers, user must register an e-wallet account. The rates for calling Unitel phones consist of a per-second rate with a minimum call charge which is equivalent to the cost of a one-minute phone call.
Toki may change the rates for calling phones at any time upon  noticing to you by making a public post on such change at www.toki.mn. The new rate will apply to your next phone call after the new rates have been published. Please check the latest rates before you make your call.
Changes
As TOKI and users experiences are constantly evolving, we may from time to time:
add, change or remove features or services from Toki (including in relation to whether a feature or service is free of charge or not); and/or
suspend, discontinue or terminate Toki altogether.
Licenses
We own all copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, trade secrets, patents, and other intellectual property rights associated with our Services. You may not use our copyrights, trademarks, domains, logos, trade dress, patents, and other intellectual property rights unless you have our express permission.
Advertising content on Toki
Toki may include advertising or commercial content. You agree that: (a) we may integrate, display and otherwise communicate advertising or commercial content in Toki and that (where reasonably practicable) we will identify such advertising or commercial content; and (b) as explained in more detail in our
Toki Privacy Policy
, we may use targeted advertising to try to make advertising more relevant and valuable to you.
Third Party Services
With respect to Toki’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you.
Toki cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from any third-party site or chatbot that links to or from Toki since the third-party sites or chatbots are owned and operated by independent retailers. Toki does not endorse any of the merchandise, nor has Toki taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained on such third-party sites or chatbots. Toki does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third-party, and you irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites or chatbots.
Disclaimers
YOU USE OUR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN RISK AND SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING DISCLAIMERS. WE ARE PROVIDING OUR SERVICES ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED BY US IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR USEFUL, THAT OUR SERVICES WILL BE OPERATIONAL, ERROR FREE, SECURE, OR SAFE, OR THAT OUR SERVICES WILL FUNCTION WITHOUT DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS, OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE DO NOT CONTROL, AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, CONTROLLING HOW OR WHEN OUR USERS USE OUR SERVICES OR THE FEATURES, SERVICES, AND INTERFACES OUR SERVICES PROVIDE. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR AND ARE NOT OBLIGATED TO CONTROL THE ACTIONS OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING CONTENT) OF OUR USERS OR OTHER THIRD PARTIES. YOU RELEASE US, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, AND OUR AND THEIR DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS, AND AGENTS (TOGETHER, THE “TOKI PARTIES”) FROM ANY CLAIM, COMPLAINT, CAUSE OF ACTION, CONTROVERSY, OR DISPUTE (TOGETHER, “CLAIM”) AND DAMAGES, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY SUCH CLAIM YOU HAVE AGAINST ANY THIRD PARTIES
Liability
THE TOKI WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES RELATING TO, ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH OUR TERMS, US, OR OUR SERVICES, EVEN IF THE TOKI PARTIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Toki from and against all liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs) relating to, arising out of, or in any way in connection with any of the following: (a) your access to or use of our Services, including information provided in connection therewith; (b) your breach or alleged breach of our Terms; or (c) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully as required by us in the defense or settlement of any Claim.
Other
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact us at info@toki.mn.
Please review the following documents, which provide additional information about your use of our Services:
TOKI PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Toki.mn unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to full name, phone number, email, national identification number. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Account Information
You must provide your mobile phone number to create a Toki account. You may provide us the phone numbers in your mobile address book on a regular basis, including those of both the users of our Services and your other contacts. You must confirm that you are authorized to provide us such numbers. You may also add other information to your account, such as a profile name, profile picture.
Messages
We do not retain your messages in the ordinary course of providing our Services to you. Once your messages (including your chats, photos, videos, voice messages, files, and share location information) are delivered, they are deleted from our servers. Your messages are stored on your own device. If a message cannot be delivered immediately (for example, if you are offline), we may keep it on our servers for up to 90 days as we try to deliver it. If a message is still undelivered after 90 days, we delete it. To improve performance and deliver media messages more efficiently, such as when many people are sharing a popular photo or video, we may retain that content on our servers for a longer period of time. We also offer end-to-end encryption for our Services. End-to-end encryption means that your messages are encrypted to protect against us and third parties from reading them.
Your Connections
You can use the contact upload feature and provide us, if permitted by applicable laws, with the phone numbers in your address book on a regular basis, including those of users of our Services and your other contacts. If any of your contacts aren’t yet using our Services, we’ll manage this information for you in a way that ensures those contacts cannot be identified by us. You can create, join, or get added to groups and broadcast lists, and such groups and lists get associated with your account information. You give your groups a name. You can provide a group profile picture or description.
We refer to those contacts as “Connections”. Learn more about our contact upload feature below:
Contact upload is an optional feature that allows us to identify which of your contacts in your device’s address book are also Toki users so that we can add them to your Toki contacts, and quickly update your Toki contacts in case your contacts who are not yet using Toki sign up later. It’s important to note that Toki does not share your contacts with any other third party. Your version of Toki on your device will display the names for your Toki contacts from your device’s address book so that you can easily connect with them.
When you use the contact upload feature and grant Toki access to your device’s address book, Toki will access and upload the phone numbers in your address book on a regular basis, including those of both the users of Toki and your other contacts. You can control the contact upload feature from your device-based settings.
Shared Information
Shared information refers to an information about you or relating to you that is voluntarily shared by you on Toki. Shared Information may include postings that you make on Toki (including your public profile, stories, ratings and reviews with photos).
Managing your information
Services settings
Toki enables certain information to be shared publicly with your Toki contacts and other users of Toki. At any time, you can hide your profile from the public search by unchecking “allow search by a display name” in your account settings. This means that other users of Toki will not be able to find you through a display name.
You can configure the privacy of your profile’s “about” field, profile picture, and stories from the privacy settings with options for public, connections only, and hide from a specific list of people. Moreover, you can manage your privacy further by using our ignore, mute or hide story, and block features.
You can manage status information by turning off your active status and read receipts from the settings. Please note that by turning off your active status, you will not be able to see other people’s active status as well. Read receipts configuration is not applicable for group chats.
Shared Information will remain publicly-available for so long as you or a user that has shared such information retains it. Even after you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us.
Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name and Picture, and About
You must change your mobile phone number using our in-app change number feature and transfer your account to your new mobile phone number. You can also change your profile name, profile picture, and about at any time.
Deleting Your Toki Account
You may delete your Toki account at any time (including if you want to revoke your consent to our use of your information) using our in-app delete my account feature. When you delete your Toki account, your undelivered messages are deleted from our servers as well as any of your other information we no longer need to operate and provide our Services. Be mindful that if you only delete our Services from your device without using our in-app delete my account feature, your information may be stored with us for a longer period. Please remember that when you delete your account, it does not affect the information other users have relating to you, such as their copy of the messages you sent them.
https://help.toki.mn/mon/main_set/006
Other Privacy Policy terms
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 14. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 14. In the case we discover that a child under 14 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@toki.mn.
Үйлчилгээ
Давуу тал
Мэдээ
Хамтран ажиллах
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.wechat.com/en/privacy_policy.html:
WECHAT PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated:
2024-12-16
SUMMARY
Thank you for using WeChat! We respect your concerns about privacy and appreciate your trust and confidence in us.
Here is a summary of the information contained in this privacy policy ("
Privacy Policy
"). This summary is to help you navigate the Privacy Policy and it is not a substitute for reading everything! You can use the hyperlinks below to jump directly to particular sections in the Privacy Policy.
DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLY TO YOU?
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a
WeChat user
, meaning that you have registered by linking a mobile number that uses an international dialing code other than +86 ("
non-Chinese Mainland mobile number
").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a
Weixin user
. You are a Weixin user if you have either:
registered by linking a mobile number that uses international dialing code +86 ("
Chinese Mainland mobile number
"); or
contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司(Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the
Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin
and
Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines
and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
WHAT INFORMATION DO YOU NEED TO PROVIDE WECHAT?
When you register for a WeChat account, we will need your mobile number and an alias. You can further refine and populate your profile with additional information. If you use certain functions available within WeChat (such as posting photos to your Moments), we will process your information to provide these functions.
More Information
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We use your information to provide WeChat to you, allow you to communicate with other users, allow you to use the features available on WeChat, and to improve and support your WeChat experience. If you are a parent or guardian who has granted permission for your child to use WeChat then we retain the contact information you have provided to ensure we can validate any requests or queries you may have in relation to your child's WeChat account.
More Information
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We do not share your information with third parties, except where we need to in order to provide the service (e.g., SMS service providers) or if we are instructed to by a court, authority or compelled by law. We use these third party services solely to process or store your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy . Any third party with whom we share user data is required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy.
More Information
WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
Our servers are located in Singapore and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region ("
Hong Kong SAR
"). We also have support, engineering and other teams that support the provision of WeChat to you, located around the world (including Singapore and the Netherlands), who will have access to your information. Rigorous internal control measures are in place to strictly limit access to your data by designated personnel.
More Information
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP HOLD OF YOUR DATA?
How long we retain information for depends on the type of information – for example, log-in data is retained for up to 90 days from the date the data is collected. We do not retain your information for longer than the time period prescribed by law.
More Information
HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR DATA?
Depending on where you live, you may have special rights over your data and how we can use it. These include how you can access the data, erase the data, restrict how your data can be used, object to our use, and get a copy of your information.
More Information
JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC ADDENDA
If you are a user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in Australia, Brazil, California, Canada, Chinese Taiwan, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macau SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom or Vietnam, there are additional jurisdictional-specific terms that apply to you. You can see these by visiting this
page
.
HOW WILL WE NOTIFY YOU OF CHANGES?
If there are any significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will update it here and notify you before the change becomes effective.
More Information
DATA CONTROLLER
If you are a WeChat user located in the European Economic Area ("
the EEA
"), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland ("
the UK
") or Switzerland:
Tencent International Service Europe B.V.,
a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands; and
If you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland:
WeChat International Pte. Ltd.
, a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@wechat.com
or via postal mail at
Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands
(
Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department
).
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
INTEROPERABILITY WITH WEIXIN
WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin
here
. When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “
Interoperable Interaction
”), we will share your information with Weixin to the extent necessary to facilitate the Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interactions will also be subject to the
Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines
.
1. INTRODUCTION
Welcome to WeChat!
When you use the WeChat mobile app, desktop app, or the websites
www.wechat.com
or
help.wechat.com
(together,
"WeChat"
), certain of your Personal Information (defined below) will be collected and processed by us.
This Privacy Policy explains the when, how and why when it comes to processing of your Personal Information in connection with WeChat, and sets out your choices and rights in relation to that Personal Information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to WeChat. If you use any other products or services please refer to the privacy policy for that particular product or service.
If you do not agree to the processing of your personal information in the way this Privacy Policy describes, please do not provide your information when requested and stop using WeChat. By using WeChat you are acknowledging how we process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
In this Privacy Policy,
"we"
,
"our"
or
"us"
refers to:
if you are a WeChat user located (as determined by your currently registered mobile number) in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland:
Tencent International Service Europe B.V.
, a Dutch company, located at Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands; and
if you are a WeChat user located outside of the EEA, the UK, Switzerland or the Chinese Mainland:
WeChat International Pte. Ltd.
, a Singaporean company located at 10 Anson Road, #21-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
Each of the above entities is also the
data controller
for users located in the abovementioned jurisdictions.
Any capitalised terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as the equivalent defined terms in the WeChat Terms of Service, unless they are defined otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information, please contact our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@wechat.com
or via postal mail at
Buitenveldertselaan 1-5, 1082 VA, Amsterdam, the Netherlands (Attention: Data Protection Officer, Legal Department)
. We have representatives for data protection purposes listed here.
Please note that if you are a resident in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland you have the right to lodge a complaint with your country's data protection authority.
2. SCOPE AND APPLICATION
This Privacy Policy only applies to you if you are a
WeChat user
.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to you if you are a
Weixin user
. You are a Weixin user if you had either:
registered by linking a Chinese Mainland mobile number; or
contracted with 深圳市腾讯计算机系统有限公司 (Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Limited) for Weixin.
If you are a Weixin user, you are subject to the
Weixin Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin
and
Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines
and not this Privacy Policy.
You can check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by clicking "Me" > "Settings" > "About" and then clicking the link to the "Terms of Service". If you see the WeChat – Terms of Service then you are a WeChat user. If you see the Agreement on Software License and Service of Tencent Weixin then you are a Weixin user. Alternatively, if you are using the latest version of WeChat, you can also check whether you are a WeChat or Weixin user by verifying the service name listed in the header at the top of the "Chats" screen. If you see "WeChat" in the header then you are a WeChat user, whereas a Weixin user will see "Weixin" (or "微信" for users viewing in a Chinese language interface).
If you subsequently change your phone number (either from a Chinese Mainland mobile number to a non-Chinese Mainland mobile number, or vice versa) you will be required to convert your account (to either a WeChat or Weixin account, depending on your new phone number). If you convert your Weixin account to a WeChat account, this Privacy Policy applies to you from the date our system records such conversion. If you convert your WeChat account to a Weixin account, this Privacy Policy ceases to apply to you from the date our system records such conversion.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected by third party services that you may access through the WeChat platform (e.g., features operated by Weixin such as Advanced Search, Channels, Top Stories, and WeBeans; Weixin Open Platform services including Official Accounts, Mini Programs, and Weixin Login;  Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay; or a third-party web site viewed via the internal browser), and Personal Information that you choose to share with a Weixin user. Please refer to the privacy policy of the relevant third party service. For more information, please see the section entitled
"Who do we share your data with?"
below.
If you are using WeChat on behalf of a company, partnership, association, government or other organisation (your "
Organisation
"), you agree to notify such persons in your Organisation whose Personal Information (defined below) we collect or you provide to us ("
Connected Persons
"), and you agree to obtain such Connected Persons' consent to the processing of their Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable laws and regulations. When this Privacy Policy refers to "you"or "your", this includes you and any Connected Persons. If you or any Connected Persons would like to request for your Personal Information to be removed from our database, please contact us at
dataprotection@wechat.com
.
3. DEFINITIONS
"Location Data"
is information that is derived from your GPS (GPS coordinates), WiFi (approximate city location), IP address (country location), or public posts that contain location information (the location you geo-tag). Location Data will be disclosed (either to us, to other users, or both):
when you use location-based features and when you share your location with other WeChat and/or Weixin users; and
when you access WeChat, we automatically derive Location Data from your IP address, device, or internet service for security purposes including to prevent fraudulent log-ins and connections to your account.
You may disable the collection and use of your location data through device-level settings.
"Log Data"
is information that is automatically collected when you use WeChat, including:
device attributes, such as your mobile carrier and network-related information, your device version and resettable identifiers, configuration information made available by your WeChat mobile app or desktop or web browser, and your IP address;
information about your viewing history on WeChat, such as social media profiles visited and details of other content accessed or requested by you;
general information about your communications on WeChat, such as the user that you have communicated with, the time, date and duration of your communications (but not the content of such communications), statistics about your use of WeChat, and traffic data; and
metadata, which means information related to items you have made available through WeChat, such as the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted.
"Personal Information"
is any information, or combination of information, that relates to you, that can be used (directly or indirectly) to identify you, which we process in connection with your use of WeChat. Please see the section entitled
"How do we use your information?"
below for examples.
"Shared Information"
is information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, information you make available to other users via WeChat (e.g., via your Moments and Status posts), information about you that is made available by another user via their use of WeChat or Weixin, and Location Data.
4. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
This section provides more detail on the types of Personal Information we collect from you, purpose of processing, and retention periods for each type of Personal Information.
Where applicable, it also identifies the legal basis under which we process your data under applicable data protection laws
We do not retain Personal Information for longer than is necessary unless we are required or permitted to do so under applicable laws. If we are required to retain your Personal Information beyond the retention periods set out below, for example to comply with applicable laws, we will store it separately from other types of Personal Information. Aggregated registration data (which does not contain Personal Information) is retained for spam prevention and system security purposes. For further details on how long we keep your data, please refer to the retention periods set out below.
Information
Purpose of Processing
Retention Period
Registration data and log in data.
Your name, alias, Apple ID, Facebook ID, IP address, account identifier, mobile number, region, location as determined by your currently registered mobile number, Facebook account, email address used to register a WeChat account and date of registration.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to create your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
- To set up your WeChat account and facilitate your log in;
- to facilitate communication between users of WeChat and Weixin;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to enforce our terms, conditions, and policies;
- to place VoIP calls using WeChat;
- to communicate with you to notify you about changes to WeChat;
- to provide you with personalised user support;
- to develop new and improve existing services as well as the tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of accounts;
- to provide language and location customisation;
- to protect any rights, property or safety of ours, our affiliate companies, or other users of WeChat; and
- to administer WeChat and for troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection, account management, and survey purposes.
Registration data
is retained until your account is deleted, or until you unlink your WeChat account from your Apple or Facebook account, whichever is earlier.
Log in data
is retained for a period of 3 months from the date of such log in.
Shared Information – profile data.
Any information that you include in your publicly-visible WeChat profile, which includes your WeChat ID, name, gender, region, and photo.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
- To allow your profile data to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users;
- to allow you to use your WeChat ID to log in to or otherwise connect with third party services;
- to facilitate your use of Weixin features;
- to provide you with personalised user support;
- to provide language and location customisation;
- to develop new and improve existing services and app experience;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform; and
- for troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management.
Until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may be cached on third party services and retained in accordance with their own privacy policies).
Shared Information – profile media.
This comprises all of the information you make available to other users or information about you that is made available by other WeChat and Weixin users, including Moments and Status posts.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide your WeChat profile and provide WeChat services.
- To allow your profile media to be shared with other WeChat and Weixin users;
- to provide location customisation;
- to develop new and improve existing services and app experience;
- to maintain and administer the WeChat platform;
- for troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud-detection and account management; and
- to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts.
Until you request removal of the Shared Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier (however, the data may be cached on third party services and retained in accordance with their own privacy policies).
Information for additional account security (if you choose to secure your account).
Password, Emergency Contacts, Managed Devices, email address, and QQ ID.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and secure your WeChat account.
To provide additional security for your account.
Until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
Personal settings.
These include personal account settings viewable to you but not shared with other users such as settings to customize your WeChat experience, personal annotations and details that you add to your own account and to your contacts.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to provide you with services customized to your preferences.
To provide you services customized to your preferences.
Until you request removal of the information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
Chat data.
Content of communications between you and another user or group of users.
We do not permanently retain chat data on our servers
and it only passes through our servers so that it can be distributed to your intended recipients.
Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to, unless your recipient adds any of your communications to their Favorites or it is a message that the owner or administrator of your group chat added as a Group Notice.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide the chat services of WeChat.
To provide our communication service.
Chat messages are automatically and permanently deleted from our servers within 3 hours of delivery to the recipient's device, and in any event, permanently deleted after 72 hours of you sending them. Chat media such as images, audio, videos, and files are automatically and permanently deleted from our servers after 120 hours of you sending them.
Contacts and friends list.
Your on-device contact list and your WeChat list of group chats and friends list.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat and connect you with your friends.
- To connect you with other WeChat and Weixin users;
- (in relation to your list of group chats and friends list) to develop and improve tools we use to detect account violations and enhance the safety and quality of WeChat accounts; and
- to facilitate your use of WeChat Out.
Until you request removal or amendment of the Personal Information or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
Log Data.
See definition above.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
It is in our legitimate interest to ensure the security of our services, manage registrations and improve our services.
- For troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, security, fraud detection, and account management.
Permanently deleted 3 months from the date of collection.
Location Data.
See definition above.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat location-based services.
Please note that your use of location-based services is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of third party service providers that power the location-based services of such services.
- To facilitate your use of location-based services such as:
• sharing your real time location via chat, which relies on your GPS;
• manually geo-tagging a location in a Moments or Status post;
• People Nearby and Shake, which rely on your GPS;
- for security, fraud detection and account management; and
- to provide language and location customisation.
Location data used for location-based services:
- Location data shared via chat is permanently deleted after 72 hours from the time of your sharing.
- Moments and Status when you manually choose to geo-tag a location in your post: retained until you delete such post or your account is deleted, whichever is earlier.
- People Nearby and Shake: permanently deleted after 1 hour from the time of you leaving the function.
Location data used for all other purposes is retained for a period of 3 months from the date of collection.
Payment card information – parental/guardian consent.
In order to comply with laws protecting children, payment card information of a parent/guardian is collected to verify parental/guardian consent where a Child attempts to create a WeChat account, and the payment card information is verified via a third party payment processing service. After a verification request has been performed by the third party payment processing service, WeChat only retains the date of verification and hashed payment card number.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
We process this data in accordance with our obligations under applicable laws.
To verify parental/guardian consent where a Child attempts to create a WeChat account.
Until the parent/guardian or user requests removal of the payment card information and only if the user has reached the age of majority under relevant local laws.
Text for which you request a translation.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you.
To provide you with translation of the text as requested by you.
Text to be translated and translated text is hashed and cached for 24 hours from the time you request for translation.
Customer Support Information
Communications with and any information that you or other users provide to our customer support team.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide and support WeChat.
- To investigate the issue and provide customised customer support;
- to develop new and improve existing services and app experience;
- for security, fraud detection, and account management; and
- for moderation of content or behaviour that is prohibited by applicable laws and regulations, or which otherwise violate WeChat's terms of service or other rules applicable to WeChat users.
Until your account is deleted, unless otherwise required by law.
Access tokens.
Access tokens that facilitate the linkage of your WeChat account with your third party social media accounts.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
Necessary to perform our contract with you to provide WeChat services.
If you connect third party social media accounts to your WeChat account, we process access tokens to facilitate your log ins and your sharing of content between these accounts.
Until you unlink your WeChat account from these third party social media accounts.
Surveys
If you participate in a survey, we may request certain Personal Information from you. The purpose of the survey and the identity of the service provider providing the survey (if we engaged a service provider), will be notified to you prior to you completing the survey.
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
We collect this information with your consent.
- To better understand how you access and use WeChat;
- to develop new and improve existing services and app experience;
- to improve WeChat and respond to customer requests and preferences; and
- and for any purposes enumerated in the survey itself.
Until your account is deleted or as otherwise stated in the survey itself, whichever is earlier.
Country/Region Data
unique identifier number (UIN) assigned to users, wuid, where you are located (as determined by your IP address and currently registered mobile number).
Legal Basis (Relevant Jurisdictions only):
It is in our legitimate interest to display adverts to you based on your country/region.
Note that such location-based ads are not available to users in the EU and UK.
Depending on where you are located, we use this information to display location-based advertising to you based on your country/region.
We do not store this information. We process this momentarily after which it is deleted.
We may also pseudonymise or aggregate Personal Information for analytical purposes. This helps us develop new and improve existing services, conduct fraud detection and account safety analysis, analyse usage trends, and provide third party service providers with basic statistics about how their service is being used by WeChat users.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
In some jurisdictions, certain types of Personal Information, such as information about your race, religious, political or philosophical views, sexual orientation, and health, are characterised as sensitive and are subject to stricter regulation than other types of Personal Information.
WeChat does not require you to provide sensitive Personal Information to use the service.  By posting or communicating any sensitive Personal Information within WeChat, you consent to such information being available within the privacy controls you have selected.
SHARED INFORMATION
You can control which Shared Information is made public to other users of WeChat and Weixin via the privacy settings in WeChat. After you delete Shared Information, it may still be separately cached, copied, or stored by, or remain public through, other users or third parties who are not affiliated with and not controlled by us. Please consider carefully what you post and communicate through WeChat.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHIN YOUR CONTENT
If any of your Personal Information comprises Your Content (as defined in the WeChat Terms of Service), we and our affiliate companies may (subject to this Privacy Policy) use such Personal Information in accordance with the "Your Content" section of the WeChat Terms of Service. Your Content will be processed to ensure compliance with the WeChat
Terms of Service
and
Acceptable Use Policy
.
WECHAT GUARDIAN MODE FUNCTION
All WeChat users will be able to use the WeChat Guardian Mode function, under which certain option for sending and receiving friend requests and visibility of Moments shared to non-friends will be restricted. WeChat Guardian Mode also enables the designation of an individual (called a "Guardian") who will have the ability to impose restrictions on a specific user's use of WeChat by suspending or restricting specific functions such as Official Accounts and Mini Programs. For a complete list of the relevant functions and more information in relation to the WeChat Guardian Mode function, please refer to the function's terms of use available
here
. We will not collect personal information of those functions that have been restricted as part of the WeChat Guardian Mode, for the duration that such relevant restrictions are active.
5. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH?
We will not transfer your Personal Information to third parties except as specified below, or where you consent to such transfer.
Only where necessary will we share your information with selected recipients, including:
related group companies.
We share your Personal Information within our group of companies, and these related group companies may only use your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. These related group companies include Tencent International Service Europe B.V. (located in the Netherlands), Aceville Pte. Ltd. (located in Singapore), and Oriental Power Holdings Limited (located in Hong Kong SAR) for the purposes of providing WeChat to you, assisting us in carrying out the purposes set out under the "
How do we use your information?
" section above, and carrying out our obligations and enforcing our rights under the WeChat Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy;
service providers.
We engage service providers to supply services to support or improve WeChat. These include SMS, VOIP, payment card processing and verification, translation, location and mapping, customer service, account data labelling and safety assurance (where applicable) and content delivery service providers. These service providers are required to provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this Privacy Policy and are prohibited from retaining, using, or disclosing your information except as necessary to provide services to us;
third party services.
When you:
log in to WeChat using third party authentication services;
share content from WeChat to third party services;
share content on WeChat from third party services;
log in to platforms of third party services using WeChat account;
access content of non-Weixin third party services from WeChat; or
link your WeChat contact list with your list on third party services,
we may receive information about you from such third party services and/or share your information with such third party services.
Third party services may collect information (including personal information and log data), and set cookies on your device.
This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected by us, and does not apply to information collected by third parties.
Interoperability with Weixin
WeChat is interoperable with Weixin, such that you are able to communicate with Weixin users and view one another's Moments and Status posts, in accordance with the applicable terms. You may also be able to use certain features operated by Weixin. You may view the list of features operated by Weixin
here
.
When you interact with a Weixin user (or vice versa), or use or receive notifications or invitations from any feature operated by Weixin, (together “Interoperable Interaction”), we will share your information with Weixin to the extent necessary to facilitate the Interoperable Interaction. Your Interoperable Interactions will also be subject to the
Weixin Privacy Protection Guidelines
.
Official Accounts and Mini Programs accessible via WeChat are developed, operated, and owned by third parties unrelated to WeChat (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Official Account or Mini Program). When you interact with such Official Accounts and Mini Programs, your information will be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Official Account or Mini Program in accordance with their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.
If available in your jurisdiction, you may be able to access Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay via the WeChat platform. Due to regulatory requirements, Weixin Pay and WeChat Pay are operated by different licensed entities in different jurisdictions. When you use any of the Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay payment services, your information will be collected, retained, shared and/or stored by the relevant Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay entity and/or their affiliates in accordance with their respective privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy. We will also share your information with these entities to the extent necessary to facilitate your use of these services.
You can control which third parties have access to your information and you can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of your information by following the instructions set out
here
. Please note however that if you ask us not to share your information with certain third parties, you may no longer be able to use those third party services;
third parties or related group companies in the event of a merger, acquisition, restructuring, or sale of assets, or by operation of law or otherwise,
we will transfer your information to such entity accordingly so that your service can continue. Under these circumstances, we will always require the third parties or related group companies to comply with this Privacy Policy;
government, public, regulatory, judicial and law enforcement bodies or authorities
. There are circumstances in which we are legally required to disclose your information, including (i) to comply with a legal obligation or request, such as a court order, subpoena or other legal process, (ii) to enforce our terms, (iii) to address issues relating to security or fraud, or (iv) where there is an imminent emergency involving risk of death, serious physical injury to a person or any risk of harm to a child, and in both cases, provided that the requesting entity has valid jurisdiction to obtain your Personal Information. Our Law Enforcement Data Request Guidelines are available
here
; and
third parties pursuant to your request
, for example, pursuant to your data portability request.
6. WHERE DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA?
WeChat is a global platform. Our engineering, technical, and other support teams are based in our offices around the world (including Singapore and the Netherlands), and may have incidental access to certain of your information, for example, in order to fix technical issues that you report. The Personal Information that we collect from you will be transferred to, stored at, or processed in Singapore and Hong Kong SAR. We rely on the European Commission's model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to maintaining the privacy and integrity of your Personal Information no matter where it is stored or accessed. We protect your Personal Information through the use of information security and access policies that limit unauthorised access to our systems, and technological protection measures such as encryption that ensure confidentiality of your Personal Information during transmission and in storage.
We do not permanently retain chat data between you and other users on our servers.
Chat data only passes through our servers so that it can be securely distributed to your intended recipients. Chat data is only stored on your device and the devices of the users that you have sent communications to,
unless any of you or your recipient adds any of your communications, shares the relevant chat externally such as by saving it to Favorites or including the chat history when reporting a chat for abuse, or when the administrator of your group chat has added a Group Notice, in which case the Group Notice will be retained so it can be accessed by group members in the future.
.
Although we will implement and maintain reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information, please note that as any transmission of information via the internet is never completely secure.
8. COMMUNICATIONS FROM US
We may send you service-related announcements via WeChat, email, or SMS when necessary, such as when we temporarily suspend WeChat for maintenance, or security, or privacy reasons. You may not opt-out from these service-related announcements which are not promotional in nature.
9. AGE RESTRICTIONS AND PARENTAL/GUARDIAN CONTROLS
Children under the age of 13 (or such applicable age of majority under relevant local laws of the user) ("
Child
") must not use WeChat for any purpose without first obtaining parental/guardian consent to and acknowledgment of this Privacy Policy (both for themselves and on their Child's behalf). In certain jurisdictions, you may be required to provide your date of birth; we will however only process the year and month of your birth. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any Child without such consent and acknowledgment. Please contact our Data Protection Officer if you believe we have any Personal Information from any Child without such parental/guardian consent and acknowledgment so that we can promptly investigate and remove such Personal Information.
10. YOUR RIGHTS
This Section 11 (Your Rights) only applies to users located in a Relevant Jurisdiction, unless otherwise specified.
If you are a user located in Australia, Brazil, California, Canada, Chinese Taiwan, Hong Kong SAR, Indonesia, Japan, Macau SAR, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Russia, Serbia, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Türkiye, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom and Vietnam, the terms set out under the name of your jurisdiction in this
page
apply to you in addition to the terms set out in our Privacy Policy.
You may have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances (as set out in more detail below). Please note that in order to protect your information, we will need to verify your identity before responding to any request to exercise your rights ("
DSR Request
"). To exercise any of your rights, please complete the request form
here
.
Access & Correction
This section also applies to users resident in Argentina, Canada and Russia.
You have the right to request access to your Personal Information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. We may not be able to provide you with certain Personal Information if providing it to you would interfere with another person's rights (e.g. where providing the Personal Information we hold about you would reveal information about another person).
You also have the right to correct that information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
You can access and correct your Personal Information by logging into your WeChat account at any time. For example, you can delete certain Location Data via your device settings or the "Clear Location" option within WeChat.
If you want us to correct your Personal Information that you are unable to correct using your account, please complete the request form
here
.
Where we agree to correct your Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can rectify the Personal Information too.
Erasure
This section also applies to users resident in Argentina, Canada and Russia.
You can delete your account, or remove certain Personal Information, by logging into your WeChat account and following the account deletion instructions
here
. Subsequent to account deletion, aggregated registration data is retained for spam prevention and systems security purposes.
Note that we will not be able to delete your account if you have a positive balance in your Weixin Pay or WeChat Pay account or are the administrator of an Official Account or Mini Program.
If there is any other Personal Information you believe we process that you would like us to erase, please complete the request form
here
.
You may request that we erase the Personal Information we hold about you where:
you believe that it is no longer necessary for us to hold your Personal Information;
we obtained your consent to process the Personal Information and you withdraw that consent (and we have no other valid legal grounds for processing the Personal Information);
you believe we are unlawfully processing your Personal Information; or
you are or were under the age of 13 (or such applicable age of majority under relevant local laws) when we collected the Personal Information and we can verify this.
You may exercise your right to restrict our processing your Personal Information (as described below) whilst we consider a request to erase your data.
We may retain the Personal Information if there are valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defence of legal claims, freedom of expression or some other legal obligation) but we will let you know if that is the case.
Where you have requested that we erase your Personal Information that we have made public and there are valid legal grounds for erasure, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can erase it too.
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only
This section also applies to users resident in Russia.
You have a right to require us to stop processing your Personal Information other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances. However, we may process it if there are other valid legal grounds for us to do so (e.g., for the defence of legal claims or for another's protection).
Where we agree to stop processing the Personal Information, we will use reasonable steps to inform any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can stop processing it too.
You may request we stop processing and just store the Personal Information we hold about you where:
you believe the Personal Information is not accurate (for the period it takes for us to verify whether it is accurate);
we wish to erase the Personal Information as the processing is now unlawful (but you want us to retain the Personal Information and just store it instead); or
we wish to erase the Personal Information as it is no longer necessary for our purposes (but you require it to be stored for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims).
Portability
You have the right to receive a copy of certain of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. This comprises any Personal Information we process on the basis of your consent (e.g., Shared Information and content saved to Favorites) or pursuant to our contract with you (e.g., profile data), as described in the section
"How do we use your information?"
. You can exercise your right to export your data by following the instructions
here
.
You also have the right to request that we transfer that Personal Information to another party. If you wish for us to transfer the Personal Information to a third party, please ensure you provide details of such party. Note that we can only make such transfers where it is technically feasible. We are not responsible for the security of the Personal Information or its processing once received by the third party.
Objection
This section also applies to users resident in Russia.
You may object to our use of your Personal Information that we use on the basis of our legitimate interests (e.g., when we use your Personal Information to ensure account security). If you object to such processing, please complete this
request form
.
To the extent provided by applicable laws and regulations, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us by following the instructions set out
here
.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may from time to time revise this Privacy Policy. We will update the revised version here along with the "last updated" date, and notify you via WeChat or other means, as appropriate, before the change becomes effective.
12. LANGUAGE
We have provided translations of this Privacy Policy, but in the event of any conflict between the local language version and the English version, unless otherwise prescribed by applicable laws, the English version shall prevail.
Our Representatives in Certain Jurisdictions
Jurisdiction
Representative
Address
Contact details
Korea
Tencent Korea Yuhan Hoesa
152, Taeheran-ro, Gangnam-gu (Gangnam Finance Center, Yeoksam-dong), Seoul, Korea
dataprotection@wechat.com
Serbia
Karanovic & Partners o.a.d. Beograd
Resavska 23, Belgrade, 11000, Serbia
local.representative@karanovicpartners.com
Thailand
Tencent (Thailand) Company Limited
8 T-One Building, Floor 10th, 11th & 12th (Unit 3-5), Soi Sukhumvit 40, Sukhumvit Road, Khwaeng Phra Khanong, Khet Khlong Toei, Bangkok 10110, Thailand
localrepresentative@tencent.co.th
Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı.
Nidakule Ataşehir Kuzey, Begonya Sok. No:3 Kat. 17 D: 162 / 34746 Ataşehir / İstanbul, Türkiye
Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is our data controller representative and its authority is limited to the authorities stipulated under the Law on Protection of Personal Data w. no 6698. Özdağıstanli Ekici Avukatlık Ortaklığı is not authorised for any other matters such as conduct in WeChat, bans, investigations, civil or criminal complaints.
tencent@iptech-legal.com
I have read and acknowledge the Privacy Policy
Next