Corporate
About
                                            us
Timeline
Megaplant
Sustainability
Brands
News
Insights
Contact us
Careers
Corporate
About
                                            us
Timeline
Megaplant
Sustainability
Brands
News
Insights
Contact us
Careers
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how
                                their Personally Identifiable Information is being used online. Please read our privacy
                                policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or
                                otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our
                                website.
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be
                                stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties. The Website Policies and
                                Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and
                                standards. Therefore the Customers’ are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in
                                order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on
                                the day they are posted.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe
                                to a newsletter or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign
                                up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website,
                                or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in
                                order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by
                                a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are
                                required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit
                                information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits,
                                or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed
                                on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your
                                computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or
                                service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain
                                information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in
                                your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on
                                previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved
                                services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and
                                site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you
                                can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet
                                Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help
                                menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features may be disabled. However, it won’t affect the
                                user’s experience, but some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise, transfer to outside parties your personally
                                identifiable information.
Third party links
We do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a
                                Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us via
                                nfpcgroup.com