English
Deutsch
Privacy Policy of
DARTS Scorer 20XX
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Policy summary
Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using
                    the following services:
Infrastructure monitoring
Sentry
Personal Data: app information, data communicated while
                      using the service, device information, device logs, Usage
                      Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy
                      policy of the service.
Hosting and backend
Firebase Realtime Database
Personal Data: app information, game data, player names
                      and ids, usernames, data communicated while using the
                      service, device information, Usage Data and various types
                      of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Firebase Cloud Firestore
Personal Data: app information, game data, player names
                      and ids, usernames, anonymized device identification, data
                      communicated while using the service, Usage Data and
                      various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy
                      of the service. The anonymized device identification is
                      used to check the eligibility for a free trial.
Firebase Cloud Functions
Personal Data: app information, app settings, game data,
                      player names and ids, usernames, anonymized device
                      identification, data communicated while using the service,
                      device information, Usage Data and various types of Data
                      as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Google Cloud Storage
Personal Data: app information, app settings, game data,
                      player names and ids, usernames, anonymized device
                      identification, data communicated while using the service,
                      device information, Usage Data and various types of Data
                      as specified in the privacy policy of the service. This
                      service is used for Cloud Backup and Restore feature of
                      the app.
In-App purchases
RevenueCat (Android & iOS)
Personal Data: app information, Data communicated while
                      using the service, device information, payment
                      information, Usage Data and various types of Data as
                      specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Ads
Google AdMob (Android & iOS)
Personal Data: Cookie, unique device identifier for
                      advertising (Google advertising ID or IDFA, for example),
                      app information, Data communicated while using the
                      service, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified
                      in the privacy policy of the service.
Full policy
Owner and Data Controller
Halil Göcer Softwareentwicklung
Schlossweg 10
88145 Hergatz
GERMANY
Email: privacy@hig.dev
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application
                  collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: app
                  information, app settings, game data, player names and ids,
                  usernames, data communicated while using the service, Usage
                  Data, device information, application executions, operating
                  systems, cookie, tracker, unique device identifier for
                  advertising (Google Advertising ID or IDFA, for example),
                  anonymized device identification and device logs.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are
                  provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or
                  by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data
                  collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case
                  of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this
                  Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this
                  Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may
                  make it impossible for this Application to provide its
                  services. In cases where this Application specifically states
                  that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to
                  communicate this Data without consequences to the availability
                  or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory
                  are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this
                  Application or by the owners of third-party services used by
                  this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service
                  required by the User, in addition to any other purposes
                  described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if
                  available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data
                  obtained, published or shared through this Application and
                  confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide
                  the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent
                  unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized
                  destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT
                  enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes
                  strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the
                  Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain
                  types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of
                  this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal,
                  system administration) or external parties (such as
                  third-party technical service providers, mail carriers,
                  hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies)
                  appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The
                  updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner
                  at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one
                  of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific
                    purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be
                    allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to
                    such processing ("opt-out"), without having to rely on
                    consent or any other of the following legal bases. This,
                    however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal
                    Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an
                    agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual
                    obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal
                    obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the
                    public interest or in the exercise of official authority
                    vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate
                    interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the
                  specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in
                  particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a
                  statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement
                  necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in
                  any other places where the parties involved in the processing
                  are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve
                  transferring the User's Data to a country other than their
                  own. To find out more about the place of processing of such
                  transferred Data, Users can check the section containing
                  details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data
                  transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any
                  international organization governed by public international
                  law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and
                  about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard
                  their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by
                  checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire
                  with the Owner using the information provided in the contact
                  section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as
                  required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the
                    performance of a contract between the Owner and the User
                    shall be retained until such contract has been fully
                    performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner's
                    legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to
                    fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information
                    regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner
                    within the relevant sections of this document or by
                    contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer
                  period whenever the User has given consent to such processing,
                  as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the
                  Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer
                  period whenever required to do so for the performance of a
                  legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be
                  deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure,
                  the right to rectification and the right to data portability
                  cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner
                  to provide its Services, as well as for the following
                  purposes: Beta Testing and Infrastructure monitoring, Hosting
                  and backend, Analytics, Ads and In-App purchases.
Users can find further detailed information about such
                  purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data
                  used for each purpose in the respective sections of this
                  document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and
                  using the following services:
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor
                        the use and behavior of its components so its
                        performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting
                        can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the
                        characteristics and mode of implementation of these
                        services, whose function is to filter the activities of
                        this Application.
Sentry
Sentry is a monitoring service provided by Functional
                        Software, Inc.
Personal Data collected: app information, Data
                        communicated while using the service, device
                        information, device logs, Usage Data and various types
                        of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
                        service.
Place of processing: United States -
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Hosting and backend
This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and
                        files that enable this Application to run and be
                        distributed as well as to provide a ready-made
                        infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this
                        Application.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work
                        through geographically distributed servers, making it
                        difficult to determine the actual location where the
                        Personal Data are stored.
Firebase Realtime Database
Firebase Realtime Database is a hosting and backend
                        service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data collected: app information, game data,
                        player names and ids, usernames, data communicated while
                        using the service, Usage Data and various types of Data
                        as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: Belgium -
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Firebase Cloud Firestore
Firebase Cloud Firestore is a hosting and backend
                        service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data collected: app information, game data,
                        player names and ids, usernames, anonymized device
                        identification, data communicated while using the
                        service, Usage Data and various types of Data as
                        specified in the privacy policy of the service. The
                        anonymized device identification is used to check the
                        eligibility for a free trial.
Place of processing: Belgium -
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Firebase Cloud Functions
Firebase Cloud Functions is a hosting and backend
                        service provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data collected: app information, app settings,
                        game data, player names and ids, usernames, anonymized
                        device identification, data communicated while using the
                        service, device information, Usage Data and various
                        types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
                        service.
Place of processing: Belgium -
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
Google Cloud Storage
Google Cloud Storage is a hosting and backend service
                        provided by Google Ireland Limited.
Personal Data collected: app information, app settings,
                        game data, player names and ids, usernames, anonymized
                        device identification, data communicated while using the
                        service, device information, Usage Data and various
                        types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
                        service. This service is used for Cloud Backup and
                        Restore feature of the app.
Place of processing: Belgium -
Privacy Policy
. Privacy Shield participant.
In-app purchases
This type of service has the purpose of handling In-App
                        purchases.
Some services among those listed below, if any, may work
                        through geographically distributed servers, making it
                        difficult to determine the actual location where the
                        Personal Data are stored.
RevenueCat (Android & iOS)
RevenueCat is service provided by RevenueCat, Inc.
Personal Data collected: app information, Data
                        communicated while using the service, device
                        information, payment information, Usage Data and various
                        types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the
                        service.
Place of processing: United States -
Privacy Policy
.
Ads
This type of service enables the use of user data for
                        advertising purposes. Promotional messages are displayed
                        in the form of banners and other advertisements are
                        displayed through this application and may be customized
                        based on behavior. This does not mean that all personal
                        data will be used for this purpose. Further information
                        and Terms of Use are listed below.
Some of the services listed below may use trackers to
                        identify users or use behavioral retargeting. This
                        method can also be used to identify the interests and
                        surfing behavior of users that do not take place via
                        this application in order to specifically tailor
                        advertisements to them. For more information, please
                        refer to the privacy statements of the respective
                        services.
Services of this type usually offer the possibility to
                        opt-out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out
                        feature offered by the services mentioned below, users
                        can learn more about how to opt-out of interest-based
                        advertising in general. See the relevant section
                        "Information on how to opt out of interest-based
                        advertising" in this document.
Google AdMob (Android & iOS)
Google AdMob is an advertising service provided by
                        Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on
                        the location from which this application is accessed.
Further information on Google's use of data can be
                          found in
Google's Partner Policy
.
Personal Data collected: Cookie, unique device
                        identifier for advertising (Google advertising ID or
                        IDFA, for example), app information, Data communicated
                        while using the service, Usage Data and various types of
                        Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States –
Privacy Policy
–
Opt Out
; Ireland –
Privacy Policy
.
Information on how to opt out of interest-based advertising
In addition to any opt-out provided by the services listed in
                  this document, users may follow the guidance provided by
YourOnlineChoices
(EU), the
Network Advertising Initiative
(USA) and the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(USA),
DAAC
(Canada),
DDAI
(Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow
                  users to choose their tracking settings for most advertising
                  tools. Thus, the Provider recommends users to make use of
                  these tools in addition to the information provided in this
                  document.
The Digital Advertising Alliance offers the „
AppChoices
“ App to control interest-based advertising in mobile apps.
Users can also object to certain advertising features via the
                  relevant device settings, e.g. via the device settings for
                  advertising on mobile devices or via the general advertising
                  settings.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data
                  processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time.
Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have
                    previously given their consent to the processing of their
                    Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data.
Users have the right to object to the processing of their
                    Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other
                    than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated
                    section below.
Access their Data.
Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by
                    the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of
                    the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing
                    processing.
Verify and seek rectification.
Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data
                    and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to
                    restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the
                    Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than
                    storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise
                      removed.
Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain
                    the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another
                      controller.
Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured,
                    commonly used and machine readable format and, if
                    technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another
                    controller without any hindrance. This provision is
                    applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated
                    means and that the processing is based on the User's
                    consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on
                    pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint.
Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent
                    data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the
                  exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for
                  the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner,
                  Users may object to such processing by providing a ground
                  related to their particular situation to justify the
                  objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be
                  processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to
                  that processing at any time without providing any
                  justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing
                  Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer
                  to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the
                  Owner through the contact details provided in this document.
                  These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be
                  addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within
                  one month.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the
                  Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal
                  action arising from improper use of this Application or the
                  related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required
                  to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy
                  policy, this Application may provide the User with additional
                  and contextual information concerning particular Services or
                  the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and
                  any third-party services may collect files that record
                  interaction with this Application (System logs) use other
                  Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of
                  Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time.
                  Please see the contact information at the beginning of this
                  document.
How "Do Not Track" requests are handled
This Application does not support "Do Not Track" requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses
                  honor the "Do Not Track" requests, please read their privacy
                  policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy
                  policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page
                  and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as
                  technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users
                  via any contact information available to the Owner. It is
                  strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to
                  the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on
                  the basis of the User's consent, the Owner shall collect new
                  consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection
                  with other information - including a personal identification
                  number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a
                  natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application
                  (or third-party services employed in this Application), which
                  can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers
                  utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI
                  addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the
                  request, the method utilized to submit the request to the
                  server, the size of the file received in response, the
                  numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer
                  (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the
                  features of the browser and the operating system utilized by
                  the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time
                  spent on each page within the Application) and the details
                  about the path followed within the Application with special
                  reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other
                  parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's
                  IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise
                  specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
                  body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the
                  Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other
                  body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the
                  purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data,
                  including the security measures concerning the operation and
                  use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise
                  specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected
                  and processed.
Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the
                  relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this
                  document to the European Union include all current member
                  states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are trackers that consist of a small data set stored
                  in the user's browser.
Tracker
The term tracker refers to any technology - e.g., cookies,
                  unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags, or
                  fingerprinting - by which users can be tracked, e.g., by
                  allowing access to or storage of information on the user
                  device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions
                  of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation
                  (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not
                  stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: February 5th, 2024
Datenschutzerklärung von
DARTS Scorer 20XX
Diese Anwendung erhebt personenbezogene Daten von ihren
                  Nutzern.
Zusammenfassung der Datenschutzerklärung
Personenbezogene Daten, die zu folgenden Zwecken und unter
                    Verwendung folgender Dienste erhoben werden:
Überwachung der Infrastruktur
Sentry
Personenbezogene Daten: Geräteinformationen,
                      Gerätelogs, Informationen über die Anwendung,
                      Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene Datenarten, wie in der
                      Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben und
                      Während der Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte
                      Daten
Hosting und Backend-Infrastruktur
Firebase Realtime Database
Personenbezogene Daten: Spieldaten, Benutzernamen und
                      Benutzeridentifikationen, Spielernamen,
                      Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                      über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                      Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                      Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                      Dienstes übermittelte Daten.
Firebase Cloud Firestore
Personenbezogene Daten: Spieldaten, Benutzernamen und
                      Benutzeridentifikationen, Spielernamen, anonymisierte
                      Geräteidentifikation, Geräteinformationen,
                      Gerätelogs, Informationen über die Anwendung,
                      Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene Datenarten, wie in der
                      Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben und
                      Während der Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte
                      Daten. Die anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation wird
                      zum Überprüfen der Berechtigkeit für einen
                      kostenlosen Testzeitraum verwendet.
Firebase Cloud Functions
Personenbezogene Daten: App-Einstellungen, Spieldaten,
                      Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen, Spielernamen,
                      anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation,
                      Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                      über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                      Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                      Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                      Dienstes übermittelte Daten
Google Cloud Storage
Personenbezogene Daten: App-Einstellungen, Spieldaten,
                      Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen, Spielernamen,
                      anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation,
                      Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                      über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                      Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                      Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                      Dienstes übermittelte Daten. Dieser Dienst wird für
                      die Cloud Backup & Wiederherstellung Funktion der App
                      verwendet.
In-App Einkäufe
RevenueCat (Android & iOS)
Personenbezogene Daten: Geräteinformationen,
                      Informationen über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten,
                      Zahlungsinformationen und verschiedene Datenarten, wie in
                      der Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben und
                      Während der Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte
                      Daten
Werbung
Google AdMob (Android & iOS)
Personenbezogene Daten: Cookie, Eindeutige
                      Gerätekennzeichnung für Werbung (Google-Werbe-ID oder
                      IDFA, beispielsweise), Informationen über die
                      Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten und verschiedene Datenarten, wie
                      in der Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben
                      und Während der Nutzung des Dienstes
                      übermittelte Daten
Vollständige Datenschutzerklärung
Anbieter und Verantwortlicher
Halil Göcer Softwareentwicklung
Schlossweg 10
88145 Hergatz
E-Mail: privacy@hig.dev
Arten der erhobenen Daten
Zu den personenbezogenen Daten, die diese Anwendung
                  selbstständig oder durch Dritte verarbeitet,
                  gehören: App-Einstellungen, Spieldaten, Benutzernamen und
                  Benutzeridentifikationen, Spielernamen, Während der
                  Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte Daten, Nutzungsdaten,
                  Informationen über die Anwendung,
                  Geräteinformationen, Anwendung-Ausführungen,
                  Betriebssysteme, Tracker, Cookie, Eindeutige
                  Gerätekennzeichnung für Werbung (Google-Werbe-ID oder IDFA,
                  beispielsweise), anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation und
                  Gerätelogs.
Vollständige Details zu jeder Art von verarbeiteten
                  personenbezogenen Daten werden in den dafür vorgesehenen
                  Abschnitten dieser Datenschutzerklärung oder punktuell
                  durch Erklärungstexte bereitgestellt, die vor der
                  Datenerhebung angezeigt werden.
Personenbezogene Daten können vom Nutzer freiwillig
                  angegeben oder, im Falle von Nutzungsdaten, automatisch
                  erhoben werden, wenn diese Anwendung genutzt wird.
Sofern nicht anders angegeben, ist die Angabe aller durch
                  diese Anwendung angeforderten Daten obligatorisch. Weigert
                  sich der Nutzer, die Daten anzugeben, kann dies dazu
                  führen, dass diese Anwendung dem Nutzer ihre Dienste
                  nicht zur Verfügung stellen kann. In Fällen, in
                  denen diese Anwendung die Angabe personenbezogener Daten
                  ausdrücklich als freiwillig bezeichnet, dürfen sich
                  die Nutzer dafür entscheiden, diese Daten ohne jegliche
                  Folgen für die Verfügbarkeit oder die
                  Funktionsfähigkeit des Dienstes nicht anzugeben.
Nutzer, die sich darüber im Unklaren sind, welche
                  personenbezogenen Daten obligatorisch sind, können sich
                  an den Anbieter wenden.
Jegliche Verwendung von Cookies - oder anderer Tracking-Tools
                  - durch diese Anwendung oder Anbieter von Drittdiensten, die
                  durch diese Anwendung eingesetzt werden, dient dem Zweck, den
                  vom Nutzer gewünschten Dienst zu erbringen, und allen
                  anderen Zwecken, die im vorliegenden Dokument und, falls
                  vorhanden, in der Cookie-Richtlinie beschrieben sind.
Die Nutzer sind für alle personenbezogenen Daten Dritter
                  verantwortlich, die durch diese Anwendung beschafft,
                  veröffentlicht oder weitergegeben werden, und
                  bestätigen, dass sie die Zustimmung zur Übermittlung
                  personenbezogener Daten etwaiger Dritter an diese Anwendung
                  eingeholt haben.
Art und Ort der Datenverarbeitung
Verarbeitungsmethoden
Der Anbieter verarbeitet die Nutzerdaten auf
                  ordnungsgemäße Weise und ergreift angemessene
                  Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, um den unbefugten Zugriff und die
                  unbefugte Weiterleitung, Veränderung oder Vernichtung von
                  Daten zu vermeiden.
Die Datenverarbeitung wird mittels Computern oder IT-basierten
                  Systemen nach organisatorischen Verfahren und Verfahrensweisen
                  durchgeführt, die gezielt auf die angegebenen Zwecke
                  abstellen. Zusätzlich zum Verantwortlichen könnten
                  auch andere Personen intern (Personalverwaltung, Vertrieb,
                  Marketing, Rechtsabteilung, Systemadministratoren) oder extern
                  - und in dem Fall soweit erforderlich, vom Verantwortlichen
                  als Auftragsverarbeiter benannt (wie Anbieter technischer
                  Dienstleistungen, Zustellunternehmen, Hosting-Anbieter,
                  IT-Unternehmen oder Kommunikationsagenturen) - diese Anwendung
                  betreiben und damit Zugriff auf die Daten haben. Eine aktuelle
                  Liste dieser Beteiligten kann jederzeit vom Anbieter verlangt
                  werden.
Rechtsgrundlagen der Verarbeitung
Der Anbieter darf personenbezogene Daten von Nutzern nur dann
                  verarbeiten, wenn einer der folgenden Punkte zutrifft:
Die Nutzer haben ihre Einwilligung für einen oder
                    mehrere bestimmte Zwecke erteilt. Hinweis: In einigen
                    Gesetzgebungen kann es dem Anbieter gestattet sein,
                    personenbezogene Daten zu verarbeiten, bis der Nutzer einer
                    solchen Verarbeitung widerspricht ("Opt-out"), ohne sich auf
                    die Einwilligung oder eine andere der folgenden
                    Rechtsgrundlagen verlassen zu müssen. Dies gilt jedoch
                    nicht, wenn die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten dem
                    europäischen Datenschutzrecht unterliegt;
die Datenerhebung ist für die Erfüllung eines
                    Vertrages mit dem Nutzer und/oder für vorvertragliche
                    Maßnahmen daraus erforderlich;
die Verarbeitung ist für die Erfüllung einer
                    rechtlichen Verpflichtung, der der Anbieter unterliegt,
                    erforderlich;
die Verarbeitung steht im Zusammenhang mit einer Aufgabe,
                    die im öffentlichen Interesse oder in Ausübung
                    hoheitlicher Befugnisse, die dem Anbieter übertragen
                    wurden, durchgeführt wird;
die Verarbeitung ist zur Wahrung der berechtigten Interessen
                    des Anbieters oder eines Dritten erforderlich.
In jedem Fall erteilt der Anbieter gerne Auskunft über
                  die konkrete Rechtsgrundlage, auf der die Verarbeitung beruht,
                  insbesondere darüber, ob die Angabe personenbezogener
                  Daten eine gesetzliche oder vertragliche Verpflichtung oder
                  eine Voraussetzung für den Abschluss eines Vertrages ist.
Ort
Die Daten werden in der Niederlassung des Anbieters und an
                  allen anderen Orten, an denen sich die an der
                  Datenverarbeitung beteiligten Stellen befinden, verarbeitet.
Je nach Standort der Nutzer können
                  Datenübertragungen die Übertragung der Daten des
                  Nutzers in ein anderes Land als das eigene beinhalten. Um mehr
                  über den Ort der Verarbeitung der übermittelten
                  Daten zu erfahren, können die Nutzer den Abschnitt mit
                  den ausführlichen Angaben zur Verarbeitung der
                  personenbezogenen Daten konsultieren.
Die Nutzer haben auch das Recht, sich über die
                  Rechtsgrundlage der Datenübermittlung in ein Land
                  außerhalb der Europäischen Union oder an eine
                  internationale Organisation, die dem Völkerrecht
                  unterliegt oder von zwei oder mehr Ländern gegründet
                  wurde, wie beispielsweise die UNO, sowie sich über die
                  vom Anbieter ergriffenen Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zum Schutz
                  ihrer Daten aufklären zu lassen.
Wenn eine solche Übermittlung stattfindet, kann der
                  Nutzer mehr darüber erfahren, indem er die entsprechenden
                  Abschnitte dieses Dokuments überprüft oder sich mit
                  dem Anbieter über die im Kontaktteil angegebenen
                  Informationen in Verbindung setzt.
Speicherdauer
Personenbezogene Daten werden so lange verarbeitet und
                  gespeichert, wie es der Zweck erfordert, zu dem sie erhoben
                  wurden.
Daher gilt:
Personenbezogene Daten, die zu Zwecken der Erfüllung
                    eines zwischen dem Anbieter und dem Nutzer geschlossenen
                    Vertrages erhoben werden, werden bis zur vollständigen
                    Erfüllung dieses Vertrages gespeichert.
Personenbezogene Daten, die zur Wahrung der berechtigten
                    Interessen des Anbieters erhoben werden, werden so lange
                    aufbewahrt, wie es zur Erfüllung dieser Zwecke
                    erforderlich ist. Nutzer können nähere
                    Informationen über die berechtigten Interessen des
                    Anbieters in den entsprechenden Abschnitten dieses Dokuments
                    oder durch Kontaktaufnahme zum Anbieter erhalten.
Darüber hinaus ist es dem Anbieter gestattet,
                  personenbezogene Daten für einen längeren Zeitraum
                  zu speichern, wenn der Nutzer in eine solche Verarbeitung
                  eingewilligt hat, solange die Einwilligung nicht widerrufen
                  wird. Darüber hinaus kann der Anbieter verpflichtet sein,
                  personenbezogene Daten für einen längeren Zeitraum
                  aufzubewahren, wenn dies zur Erfüllung einer gesetzlichen
                  Verpflichtung oder auf Anordnung einer Behörde
                  erforderlich ist.
Nach Ablauf der Aufbewahrungsfrist werden personenbezogene
                  Daten gelöscht. Daher können das Auskunftsrecht, das
                  Recht auf Löschung, das Recht auf Berichtigung und das
                  Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit nach Ablauf der
                  Aufbewahrungsfrist nicht geltend gemacht werden.
Zwecke der Verarbeitung
Personenbezogene Daten über den Nutzer werden erhoben,
                  damit der Anbieter die Dienstleistungen erbringen kann.
                  Darüber hinaus werden Daten zu folgenden Zwecken erhoben:
                  Beta-Tests und Überwachung der Infrastruktur, Hosting und
                  Backend-Infrastruktur, Analytik, Werbung und In-App Einkäufe.
Nutzer können in den entsprechenden Abschnitten dieses
                  Dokuments weitere detaillierte Informationen zu diesen
                  Verarbeitungszwecken und zu den für den jeweiligen Zweck
                  verwendeten personenbezogenen Daten vorfinden.
Ausführliche Angaben über die Verarbeitung
                  personenbezogener Daten
Personenbezogene Daten werden zu folgenden Zwecken unter
                  Inanspruchnahme folgender Dienstleistungen erhoben:
Überwachung der Infrastruktur
Mit dieser Art von Diensten kann diese Anwendung zur
                        Verbesserung der Leistung, des Betriebs, der Wartung und
                        der Fehlersuche die Nutzung und das Verhalten ihrer
                        einzelnen Bestandteile überwachen.
Welche personenbezogenen Daten verarbeitet werden,
                        hängt von den Eigenschaften und der Art der
                        Ausführung der Dienste ab, deren Funktion das
                        Filtern der über diese Anwendung stattfindenden
                        Aktivitäten ist.
Sentry
Sentry ist ein von Functional Software, Inc.
                        bereitgestellter Dienst für die Überwachung
                        von Applikationen.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten:
                        Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                        über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                        Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                        Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                        Dienstes übermittelte Daten.
Verarbeitungsort: Vereinigte Staaten -
Datenschutzerklärung
. Privacy Shield-Mitglied.
Hosting and backend
Diese Art von Diensten haben zum Zweck, Daten und
                        Dateien zu hosten, damit diese Anwendung verwaltet und
                        verwendet werden kann. Des Weiteren können diese
                        Angebote eine vorgefertigte Infrastruktur zur
                        Verfügung stellen, die spezifische Funktionen oder
                        ganze Bestandteile für diese Anwendung abwickelt.
Einige der unten aufgeführten Dienste können,
                        müssen aber nicht, über geografisch verteilte
                        Server funktionieren, was es schwierig macht, den
                        tatsächlichen Speicherort der personenbezogenen
                        Daten zu bestimmen.
Firebase Realtime Database
Firebase Realtime Database ist ein Webhosting und
                        Backend Dienst, bereitgestellt von Google Ireland
                        Limited.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten: Spieldaten,
                        Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen,
                        Spielernamen, Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs,
                        Informationen über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten,
                        verschiedene Datenarten, wie in der
                        Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben und
                        Während der Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte
                        Daten.
Verarbeitungsort: Belgien -
Datenschutzerklärung
. Privacy Shield-Mitglied.
Firebase Cloud Firestore
Firebase Cloud FireStore ist ein Webhosting und Backend
                        Dienst, bereitgestellt von Google Ireland Limited.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten: Spieldaten,
                        Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen,
                        Spielernamen, anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation,
                        Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                        über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                        Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                        Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                        Dienstes übermittelte Daten. Die anonymisierte
                        Geräteidentifikation wird zum Überprüfen
                        der Berechtigkeit für einen kostenlosen Testzeitraum
                        verwendet.
Verarbeitungsort: Belgien -
Datenschutzerklärung
. Privacy Shield-Mitglied.
Firebase Cloud Functions
Firebase Cloud Functions ist ein Webhosting und Backend
                        Dienst, bereitgestellt von Google Ireland Limited.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten: App-Einstellungen,
                        Spieldaten, Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen,
                        Spielernamen, anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation,
                        Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                        über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                        Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                        Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                        Dienstes übermittelte Daten
Verarbeitungsort: Belgien -
Datenschutzerklärung
. Privacy Shield-Mitglied.
Google Cloud Storage
Firebase Cloud Functions ist ein Webhosting und Backend
                        Dienst, bereitgestellt von Google Ireland Limited.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten: App-Einstellungen,
                        Spieldaten, Benutzernamen und Benutzeridentifikationen,
                        Spielernamen, anonymisierte Geräteidentifikation,
                        Geräteinformationen, Gerätelogs, Informationen
                        über die Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, verschiedene
                        Datenarten, wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des
                        Dienstes beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des
                        Dienstes übermittelte Daten. Dieser Dienst wird für
                        die Cloud Backup & Wiederherstellung Funktion der App
                        verwendet.
Verarbeitungsort: Belgien -
Datenschutzerklärung
. Privacy Shield-Mitglied.
In-App Einkäufe
Diese Art von Diensten haben zum Zweck, In-App Einkäufe
                        zu bewältigen.
Einige der unten aufgeführten Dienste können,
                        müssen aber nicht, über geografisch verteilte
                        Server funktionieren, was es schwierig macht, den
                        tatsächlichen Speicherort der personenbezogenen
                        Daten zu bestimmen.
RevenueCat (Android & iOS)
RevenueCat ist ein Dienst, bereitgestellt von
                        RevenueCat, Inc.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten:
                        Geräteinformationen, Informationen über die
                        Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten, Zahlungsinformationen und
                        verschiedene Datenarten, wie in der
                        Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes beschrieben und
                        Während der Nutzung des Dienstes übermittelte
                        Daten
Verarbeitungsort: Vereinigte Staaten -
Datenschutzerklärung
.
Werbung
Diese Art von Diensten ermöglicht die Nutzung von
                        Nutzerdaten zu Werbezwecken. Werbeansprachen werden in
                        Form von Bannern und anderen Anzeigen über diese
                        Anwendung eingeblendet und möglicherweise
                        verhaltensbasiert angepasst. Das heißt nicht, dass alle
                        personenbezogenen Daten für diesen Zweck benutzt werden.
                        Weitere Informationen und Nutzungsbedingungen sind
                        nachfolgend aufgeführt.
Einige der nachfolgend aufgeführten Dienste verwenden
                        möglicherweise Tracker ein, um Nutzer zu identifizieren,
                        oder setzen sogenanntes Behavioural-Retargeting ein. Mit
                        dieser Methode können auch Interessen und
                        Surfverhaltensweisen von Nutzern identifiziert werden,
                        die nicht über diese Anwendung stattfinden, um
                        Werbeanzeigen gezielt darauf abzustimmen. Weitere
                        Informationen entnehmen Sie bitte den
                        Datenschutzerklärungen der jeweiligen Dienste.
Dienste dieser Art bieten in der Regel die Möglichkeit,
                        ein solches Tracking abzulehnen. Zusätzlich zu jeder
                        Opt-Out-Funktion, die von den unten genannten Diensten
                        angeboten werden, können Nutzer mehr darüber erfahren,
                        wie sie generell interessenbasierte Werbung ablehnen
                        können, und zwar im entsprechenden Abschnitt
                        "Informationen zur Ablehnung von interessenbasierter
                        Werbung" in diesem Dokument.
Google AdMob (Android & iOS)
Google AdMob ist ein Werbedienst von Google LLC oder von
                        Google Ireland Limited, je nach Standort, von dem aus
                        auf diese Anwendung zugegriffen wird.
Weitere Informationen zur Verwendung von Daten bei
                          Google sind in der
Partner-Richtlinie von Google einsehbar
.
Erhobene personenbezogene Daten: Cookie, Eindeutige
                        Gerätekennzeichnung für Werbung (Google-Werbe-ID oder
                        IDFA, beispielsweise), Informationen über die
                        Anwendung, Nutzungsdaten und verschiedene Datenarten,
                        wie in der Datenschutzerklärung des Dienstes
                        beschrieben und Während der Nutzung des Dienstes
                        übermittelte Daten
Verarbeitungsort: Vereinigte Staaten –
Datenschutzerklärung
–
Opt Out
; Irland –
Datenschutzerklärung
.
Informationen zur Ablehnung von interessenbasierter Werbung
Zusätzlich zu jeder Opt-Out-Funktion, die von den in diesem
                  Dokument aufgelisteten Diensten zur Verfügung gestellt wird,
                  können Nutzer die Anleitungen von
YourOnlineChoices
(EU), der
Network Advertising Initiative
(USA) und der
Digital Advertising Alliance
(USA),
DAAC
(Kanada),
DDAI
(Japan) oder anderer ähnlicher Dienste befolgen. Solche
                  Initiativen ermöglichen es den Nutzern, ihre
                  Tracking-Einstellungen für die meisten Werbe-Tools
                  auszuwählen. Der Anbieter empfiehlt Nutzern somit, zusätzlich
                  zu den in diesem Dokument bereitgestellten Informationen auch
                  von diesen Mitteln Gebrauch zu machen.
Die Digital Advertising Alliance bietet zur Kontrolle
                  interessenbasierter Werbung in mobilen Apps die Applikation „
AppChoices
“ an.
Nutzer können bestimmten Werbefunktionen auch über die
                  entsprechenden Geräteeinstellungen widersprechen, z. B. über
                  die Geräteeinstellungen für Werbung auf mobilen Geräten oder
                  über die allgemeinen Werbeeinstellungen.
Die Rechte der Nutzer
Die Nutzer können bestimmte Rechte in Bezug auf ihre vom
                  Anbieter verarbeiteten Daten ausüben.
Nutzer haben insbesondere das Recht, Folgendes zu tun:
Die Einwilligungen jederzeit widerrufen.
Hat der Nutzer zuvor in die Verarbeitung personenbezogener
                    Daten eingewilligt, so kann er die eigene Einwilligung
                    jederzeit widerrufen.
Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung ihrer Daten einlegen.
Der Nutzer hat das Recht, der Verarbeitung seiner Daten zu
                    widersprechen, wenn die Verarbeitung auf einer anderen
                    Rechtsgrundlage als der Einwilligung erfolgt. Weitere
                    Informationen hierzu sind weiter unten aufgeführt.
Auskunft bezüglich ihrer Daten erhalten.
Der Nutzer hat das Recht zu erfahren, ob die Daten vom
                    Anbieter verarbeitet werden, über einzelne Aspekte der
                    Verarbeitung Auskunft zu erhalten und eine Kopie der Daten
                    zu erhalten.
Überprüfen und berichtigen lassen.
Der Nutzer hat das Recht, die Richtigkeit seiner Daten zu
                    überprüfen und deren Aktualisierung oder
                    Berichtigung zu verlangen.
Einschränkung der Verarbeitung ihrer Daten verlangen.
Die Nutzer haben das Recht, unter bestimmten Umständen
                    die Verarbeitung ihrer Daten einzuschränken. In diesem
                    Fall wird der Anbieter die Daten zu keinem anderen Zweck als
                    der Speicherung verarbeiten.
Löschung oder anderweitiges Entfernen der
                      personenbezogenen Daten verlangen.
Die Nutzer haben unter bestimmten Umständen das Recht,
                    die Löschung ihrer Daten vom Anbieter zu verlangen.
Ihre Daten erhalten und an einen anderen Verantwortlichen
                      übertragen lassen.
Der Nutzer hat das Recht, seine Daten in einem
                    strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format
                    zu erhalten und, sofern technisch möglich, ungehindert
                    an einen anderen Verantwortlichen übermitteln zu
                    lassen. Diese Bestimmung ist anwendbar, sofern die Daten
                    automatisiert verarbeitet werden und die Verarbeitung auf
                    der Zustimmung des Nutzers, auf einem Vertrag, an dem der
                    Nutzer beteiligt ist, oder auf vorvertraglichen
                    Verpflichtungen beruht.
Beschwerde einreichen.
Die Nutzer haben das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei der
                    zuständigen Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen.
Details zum Widerspruchsrecht bezüglich der
                    Verarbeitung
Werden personenbezogene Daten im öffentlichen Interesse,
                  in Ausübung eines dem Anbieter übertragenen
                  hoheitlichen Befugnisses oder zur Wahrung der berechtigten
                  Interessen des Anbieters verarbeitet, kann der Nutzer dieser
                  Verarbeitung widersprechen, indem er einen
                  Rechtfertigungsgrund angibt, der sich auf seine besondere
                  Situation bezieht.
Nutzer werden darüber informiert, dass sie der
                  Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten für
                  Direktwerbung jederzeit ohne Angabe von Gründen
                  widersprechen können. Ob der Anbieter personenbezogene
                  Daten für Direktwerbungszwecke verarbeitet, können
                  die Nutzer den entsprechenden Abschnitten dieses Dokuments
                  entnehmen.
Wie die Rechte ausgeübt werden können
Alle Anfragen zur Ausübung der Nutzerrechte können
                  über die in diesem Dokument angegebenen Kontaktdaten an
                  den Anbieter gerichtet werden. Anträge können
                  kostenlos ausgeübt werden und werden vom Anbieter so
                  früh wie möglich, spätestens innerhalb eines
                  Monats, bearbeitet.
Weitere Informationen über die Erhebung und Verarbeitung
                  von Daten
Rechtliche Maßnahmen
Die personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers können vom
                  Anbieter zu Zwecken der Rechtsdurchsetzung innerhalb oder in
                  Vorbereitung gerichtlicher Verfahren verarbeitet werden, die
                  sich daraus ergeben, dass diese Anwendung oder die
                  dazugehörigen Dienste nicht ordnungsgemäß
                  genutzt wurden.
Der Nutzer erklärt, sich dessen bewusst zu sein, dass der
                  Anbieter von den Behörden zur Herausgabe von
                  personenbezogenen Daten verpflichtet werden könnte.
Weitere Informationen über die personenbezogenen Daten
                    des Nutzers
Zusätzlich zu den in dieser Datenschutzerklärung
                  aufgeführten Informationen kann diese Anwendung dem
                  Nutzer auf Anfrage weitere kontextbezogene Informationen zur
                  Verfügung stellen, die sich auf bestimmte Dienste oder
                  auf die Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten
                  beziehen.
Systemprotokolle und Wartung
Diese Anwendung und die Dienste von Drittanbietern können
                  zu Betriebs- und Wartungszwecken Dateien sammeln, die die
                  über diese Anwendung stattfindende Interaktion
                  aufzeichnen (Systemprotokolle), oder andere personenbezogene
                  Daten (z. B. IP-Adresse) zu diesem Zweck verwenden.
Nicht in dieser Datenschutzerklärung enthaltene
                    Informationen
Weitere Informationen über die Erhebung oder Verarbeitung
                  personenbezogener Daten können jederzeit vom Anbieter
                  über die aufgeführten Kontaktangaben angefordert
                  werden.
Wie "Do Not Track" Anfragen behandelt werden
Diese Anwendung unterstützt keine
                  Nicht-Verfolgen-Anfragen ("Do Not Track") durch Webbrowser.
Die Information, ob integrierte Drittdienste das
                  Nicht-Verfolgen Protokoll unterstützen, entnehmen Nutzer
                  der Datenschutzerklärung des jeweiligen Dienstes.
Änderungen dieser Datenschutzerklärung
Der Anbieter behält sich vor, jederzeit Änderungen
                  an dieser Datenschutzerklärung vorzunehmen, indem sie
                  ihre Nutzer auf dieser Seite und gegebenenfalls über
                  diese Anwendung und/oder - soweit technisch und rechtlich
                  möglich - durch das Versenden einer Mitteilung an die
                  Nutzer über eine der dem Anbieter zur Verfügung
                  stehenden Kontaktdaten entsprechend informiert. Nutzern wird
                  daher nahe gelegt, diese Seite regelmäßig aufzurufen
                  und dabei das am Seitenende angegebene Datum der letzten
                  Änderung zu prüfen.
Soweit Änderungen eine auf der Einwilligung des Nutzers
                  basierte Datennutzung betreffen, so wird der Anbieter - soweit
                  erforderlich - eine neue Einwilligung einholen.
Begriffsbestimmungen und rechtliche Hinweise
Personenbezogene Daten (oder Daten)
Alle Informationen, durch die direkt oder in Verbindung mit
                  weiteren Informationen die Identität einer
                  natürlichen Person bestimmt wird oder werden kann.
Nutzungsdaten
Informationen, die diese Anwendung (oder Dienste Dritter, die
                  diese Anwendung in Anspruch nimmt), automatisch erhebt, z. B.:
                  die IP-Adressen oder Domain-Namen der Computer von Nutzern,
                  die diese Anwendung verwenden, die URI-Adressen (Uniform
                  Resource Identifier), den Zeitpunkt der Anfrage, die Methode,
                  die für die Übersendung der Anfrage an den Server
                  verwendet wurde, die Größe der empfangenen
                  Antwort-Datei, der Zahlencode, der den Status der
                  Server-Antwort anzeigt (erfolgreiches Ergebnis, Fehler etc.),
                  das Herkunftsland, die Funktionen des vom Nutzer verwendeten
                  Browsers und Betriebssystems, die diversen Zeitangaben pro
                  Aufruf (z. B. wie viel Zeit auf jeder Seite der Anwendung
                  verbracht wurde) und Angaben über den Pfad, dem innerhalb
                  einer Anwendung gefolgt wurde, insbesondere die Reihenfolge
                  der besuchten Seiten, sowie sonstige Informationen über
                  das Betriebssystem des Geräts und/oder die IT-Umgebung
                  des Nutzers.
Nutzer
Die diese Anwendung verwendende Person, die, soweit nicht
                  anders bestimmt, mit dem Betroffenen übereinstimmt.
Betroffener
Die natürliche Person, auf die sich die personenbezogenen
                  Daten beziehen.
Auftragsverarbeiter (oder Datenverarbeiter)
Natürliche oder juristische Person, Behörde,
                  Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die personenbezogene Daten im
                  Auftrag des Verantwortlichen verarbeitet, wie in dieser
                  Datenschutzerklärung beschrieben.
Verantwortlicher (oder Anbieter, teilweise auch
                    Eigentümer)
Die natürliche oder juristische Person, Behörde,
                  Einrichtung oder andere Stelle, die allein oder gemeinsam mit
                  anderen über die Zwecke und Mittel der Verarbeitung
                  personenbezogener Daten sowie die hierfür verwendeten
                  Mittel entscheidet, einschließlich der
                  Sicherheitsmaßnahmen bezüglich des sich auf diese
                  Anwendung beziehenden Betriebs und der Nutzung. Soweit nichts
                  anderes angegeben ist, ist der Verantwortliche die
                  natürliche oder juristische Person, über welche
                  diese Anwendung angeboten wird.
Diese Anwendung
Das Hardware- oder Software-Tool, mit dem die
                  personenbezogenen Daten des Nutzers erhoben und verarbeitet
                  werden.
Dienst
Der durch diese Anwendung angebotene Dienst, wie in den
                  entsprechenden Nutzungsbedingungen (falls vorhanden) und auf
                  dieser Seite/Anwendung beschrieben.
Europäische Union (oder EU)
Sofern nicht anders angegeben, beziehen sich alle Verweise in
                  diesem Dokument auf die Europäische Union auf alle
                  derzeitigen Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union und
                  den Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR).
Cookie
Cookies sind Tracker, die aus einem kleinen, im Browser des
                  Nutzers abgelegten Datensatz bestehen.
Tracker
Der Begriff Tracker bezeichnet jede Technologie – z.B.
                  Cookies, eindeutige Identifizierungen, Web Beacons,
                  eingebettete Skripts, E-Tags oder Fingerprinting – durch die
                  Nutzer nachverfolgt werden können, z. B. indem der Zugriff auf
                  oder die Speicherung von Informationen auf dem Nutzergerät
                  ermöglicht wird.
Rechtlicher Hinweis
Diese Datenschutzerklärung wurde auf der Grundlage von
                  Bestimmungen verschiedener Gesetzgebungen verfasst,
                  einschließlich Art. 13/14 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/679
                  (Datenschutz-Grundverordnung).
Diese Datenschutzerklärung bezieht sich
                  ausschließlich auf diese Anwendung, sofern in diesem
                  Dokument nicht anders angegeben.
Letzte Aktualisierung: 5. Februar 2024
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://sentry.io/privacy/:
This app works best with JavaScript enabled.
Back to all legal docs
Business Associate Amendment
Data Processing Addendum
Privacy Policy
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Version
/legal/privacy/3.3.1/
of This Agreement was created on
May 31, 2024
.
Read what has changed
This Privacy Policy sets out how Sentry collects, discloses, and uses personal information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you visit our website at sentry.io (“
Site
”), use our products and services (“
Service
”), or otherwise interact with us (e.g., by attending an event or communicating with us). If you do not agree with this policy, please do not access or use our Site or Service or interact with any other aspect of our business.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to data submitted to the Service (“
Service Data
”). A separate agreement (“
Customer Agreement
”) governs delivery, access, and use of the Service, including the processing of Service Data. With respect to any personal information included in Service Data, the organization (e.g., your employer or another entity or person) that entered into the Customer Agreement (“
Customer
”) controls its instance of the Service and any associated Service Data. If you have any questions about a Customer’s instance of the Service and any associated Service Data, please contact the Customer.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed.  However, if you only want to access a particular section of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
Table of contents
What does Sentry do?
What personal information does Sentry collect?
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
Legal basis for processing personal information
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
Cookies and similar tracking technology
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
International data transfers
Data retention
Your data protection rights
Children’s privacy
Third-party websites
Updates to this Privacy Policy
How to contact us
Supplemental notice for California residents
What does Sentry do?
Sentry offers an application monitoring solution designed to identify, monitor, and alert developers to errors, bugs, and other performance issues that are occurring in their applications.
For more information about Sentry, please see the “About Us” section of our Site at
https://sentry.io/about/
.
Return to top
What personal information does Sentry collect?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide
We collect information about you when you input it into our Site or the Service or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and profile creation
We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For example, you may provide your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, and password when you register for the Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Service, including marketing and notification settings.
Sign in via other platforms
Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with other platforms (currently Google, Github, or Azure Devops). We will not collect the password that you use for the relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the platform, such as username and email address.
Requests and inquiries
You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with our Service and send us screenshots to help in resolving the problem. You may submit your contact information to register for our events, to subscribe to receive marketing communications from us, or to make an inquiry through our Site. You may also provide content to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake, activity, or event, including via social media and other content platforms.
Purchases
If you register for a paid Service, we will collect purchase information, such as the Service plan that you purchase and information related to refunds, credits, and cancellations, and your billing address and payment information. Please note that any payment information you provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no access to and do not store your payment information.
Information that we collect from your device and usage
We collect certain information about your device and how you and your device interact with us and our Site or Service. In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (together, ”
Europe
”), this information may be considered personal data under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect will include information such as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, operating system, software installed on your device, product keys, general location information (such as inferred from an IP address), and referring URL.  We also collect information about how you and your device have interacted with our Site or Service or with us via email, including the pages you accessed, features you used, Service you purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.
Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading
“Cookies and similar tracking technology”
below.
Information that we obtain from third-party sources
From time to time, we receive personal information about you from third-party sources (including social media and other content platforms, public databases, and from our business and channel partners and service providers).
The types of information we collect from third parties include name, email addresses, job titles, and social media profiles. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, deliver personalized communications, and suggest services that may be of interest to you.
Return to top
What does Sentry use my personal information for?
We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as to:
Provide, maintain, and improve the Site and Service, including system administration, system security, and adding new features or capabilities;
Manage your account and send you related information, including confirmations, updates, technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide customer care and support services;
Communicate with you about the Service, products, offers, surveys, events, content, and other news and information we think may be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Site and Service and our communications to you;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Sentry and others, and comply with legal requirements;
Personalize and improve the Site and Service and provide advertisements, content, and features that match your profile and interests, and remember information about your preferences for the Site and Service;
Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other activities; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and others.
Return to top
Legal basis for processing personal information
If you are based in Europe, we collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable European laws. This means we collect and process your information only where:
We need it to provide the Site or Service, including to register you as a new user, operate the Site or Service, provide technical support, and to protect the safety and security of the Site or Service;
It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote the Service and to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden by your own interests, rights, and freedoms;
It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or subpoenas; or
You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing laws).
The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies. When we process your information based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on such consent before it is withdrawn. To exercise your rights, see
“Your data protection rights”
below. Where we are using your information because we or a third party (e.g., your employer) have a legitimate interest to do so, you have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Service.
Return to top
Who does Sentry disclose my personal information to?
We disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Affiliate companies
who help operate and improve our Site and Service (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Site and Service), offer other Sentry affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal information for the purposes described in this policy. The protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in these circumstances.
Third-party services providers
who provide hosting, storage, support, payment processing, billing, communication, analysis, and other services to us, which may require them to access or use information about you. If a service provider needs to access or use information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.
Third-party go-to-market partners
who provide referral, sale, resale, or similar go-to-market services. We may disclose your information, like your name, email address, and job title, in connection with their services. We may also disclose information to these third parties where you have agreed to that disclosure.
Third-party analytics partners
to provide analytics services. These entities may use Cookies in the same way we do, to among other things, track and analyze data, and better understand your online activity.
Third-party platforms
when you, your administrator or other Service users choose to install or enable third-party apps, add-ons or other platforms for use with the Service. Doing so may give the providers of those platforms access to your account and information about you, like your name and email address, and any content you choose to connect with those platforms. Please note that when you use third-party platforms, your use will be governed by their own terms and privacy policies.
Any
competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party
where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person.
An
actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger, or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this policy.
Any
other person with your consent
to the disclosure.
Return to top
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “
Cookies
”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to understand and save your preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Site and Service interaction.
We may also allow certain third parties (e.g., service providers such as Stripe) to access their own cookies or other tracking technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device you use to access the Site or Service. Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed, non-human-readable form.
You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies. You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider’s websites. You can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of our Site and Service may be affected.
We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals.
Return to top
How does Sentry keep my personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. However, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet, or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to or from Sentry may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
Return to top
International data transfers
In some cases your personal information is transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective).
Specifically, our Site and Service are hosted in the United States and Germany, and our affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the world, including in the United States, Canada and Europe. This means that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any of these countries.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of Europe and Switzerland, which have been formally recognised as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” from the European Commission and Swiss Federal Administration, and “adequacy regulations” from the Secretary of State in the United Kingdom.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers of personal information between our group companies and with our third-party service providers will be safeguarded.
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the
“Data Privacy Framework”
) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is transferred from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the U.S.  We have self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles for all information about you that is received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. We have also self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (together with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles, the
“Data Privacy Framework Principles”
) for all information about you that is received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles will govern.
As required under the Data Privacy Framework, when we receive information under the Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain liability under the Data Privacy Framework if the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Data Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under the Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework program, and to view Sentry’s certification, please see the
Data Privacy Framework website
.
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related) complaint and we commit to resolve any such complaint. We have further committed to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the Data Privacy Framework to JAMS, a U.S.-based alternative dispute resolution provider.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint from us, or if you are not satisfied with our response to your Data Privacy Framework-related complaint, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the
Data Privacy Framework website
, including when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke binding arbitration.
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Return to top
Data retention
We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).  In certain circumstances, we will need to keep your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual’s rights and property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The criteria we use to determine the retention period include:
How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service or operate our business?
This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
Is there an automated control, such as in your Sentry dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal information at any time?
If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
Is the personal information of a sensitive type?
If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?
If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
Is Sentry subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data?
Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Return to top
Your data protection rights
Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection rights.  To exercise any of them see specific instructions below or contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below.
You may
access, correct, update or request deletion
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
.
You have the right to
opt-out of marketing
communications we send you at any time.  You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you or otherwise following the directions in the emails.  You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing communications through the subscription settings in your account.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time by submitting a request at
https://sentry.io/contact/gdpr/
. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a supervisory authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
here
.) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Return to top
Children’s privacy
Sentry’s Site and Service are not directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details provided under the
“How to contact us”
heading below. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.
If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction’s age of majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.
Return to top
Third-party websites
The Site and Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies other than Sentry, such as to relevant online resources, social media platforms, our partners’ websites, payment processors, and other third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should review their policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Return to top
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this policy.
Return to top
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact by sending us an email at
compliance@sentry.io
.
The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software, Inc. d/b/a Sentry. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Return to top
Supplemental notice for California residents
The Supplemental notice for California residents can be found
here
.
Return to top
A peek at your privacy
Here’s a quick look at how Sentry handles your personal information (PII).
×
Who we collect PII from
We collect PII about people browsing our website, users of the Sentry service, prospective customers, and people who otherwise interact with us.
What if my PII is included in data sent to Sentry by a Sentry customer (e.g., someone using Sentry to monitor their app)? In this case you have to contact the Sentry customer (e.g., the maker of the app). We do not control the data that is sent to us through the Sentry service for the purposes of application monitoring.
Am I included?
PII we may collect about you
PII provided by you and related to your
Account, profile, and login
Requests and inquiries
Purchases
PII collected from your device and usage
PII collected from third parties (e.g., social media)
Tell me more
How we use your PII
To operate our site and service
To protect and improve our site and service
To provide customer care and support
To communicate with you
For other purposes (that we inform you of at collection)
How exactly?
Third parties who receive your PII
We may disclose your PII to the following type of recipients:
Subsidiaries and other affiliates
Service providers
Partners (go-to-market, analytics)
Third-party platforms (when you connect them to our service)
Governmental authorities (where necessary)
An actual or potential buyer
What do they do?
We use cookies (but not for advertising)
We do not use advertising or targeting cookies
We use necessary cookies to run and improve our site and service
You can disable cookies but this can impact your use or access to certain parts of our site and service
How can I choose?
Know your rights
You may have the following rights related to your PII:
Access, correct, and update
Object to or restrict processing
Port over
Opt-out of marketing
Be forgotten by Sentry
Withdraw your consent
Complain about us
What can I do?
If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy at Sentry, please email us at
compliance@sentry.io
.
If you are a California resident, see our
Supplemental notice
.
Read the full policy
Sub-policy 1
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 2
https://www.revenuecat.com/privacy:
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Policy for the website hosted at https://www.revenuecat.com/ (
“our site”
), our products and services, and for other RevenueCat activities at which you may provide your personal data, such as sponsored events or trade shows. The site is operated by or on behalf of RevenueCat, Inc. (
“we”
,
”us”
,
“our”
). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of service and any other documents referred to in it) sets out:
Information we collect
Cookies and other tracking technologies
How we use your information
Our promotional updates and communications
Lawful Bases
Who we share your information with
Where we store your information
How we respond to DNT signals
How we protect your information
How long we keep your information
EU Citizen Rights
Note to Users Outside the United States
Changes to this policy
Contact us
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By engaging in our site and services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this privacy policy. To the extent  applicable privacy law includes the European Economic Area General Data Protection Regulation, (the “GDPR”) with respect to personal data collected by us, the data controller for purposes of GDPR is: RevenueCat, Inc., 1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511
UNITED STATES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to external sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information we collect
We will collect and process the following personal data from you:
Information you give us, which may consist of:
Information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you register to use our site, subscribe to our service, search for a product, in discussion boards or other social media functions on or via our site, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, providing information at trade shows or sponsored events and when you report a problem with our site;
Your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details; and
Employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general inquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Technical information, which may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, operating system and platform;
Information about your visit, which may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
IP Location data, where IP addresses are collected and location is inferred based on IP location.
Information collected from other platform activities.
If you are using our products or services as a developer, the following information regarding your end users may be received and processed by us:
“End User Technical Information”: This refers to technical information related to an end user’s mobile device or computer, such as: device type, operating system,
“End User Transaction Information”: This refers to transaction information related to an end user’s activities with respect to your app or other digital product, and may include:
Last seen time that the end user used your app or digital product;
Apple receipt file; and
Google purchase token,
“Optional End User Information”: This refers to information that we may receive if you select or enable this option in our products, which may include:
User ID of the end user in your app or digital product; and
Additional attribution or metadata associated with an end user.
End User Technical Information, End User Transaction Information, and Optional End User Information are collectively referred to as “End User Information”.
Information we receive from other sources
We may receive other personal data about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we or our affiliates provide.
From third parties we work with:, which may include Zapier Lead Scoring.
Cookies and other tracking technologies
Our site uses cookies and/or other similar technologies such as device-IDs, in-app codes, pixel tags or web beacons to collect and store certain information. These typically involve pieces of information or code that a website transfers to or accesses from your computer hard drive or mobile device to store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content. Our site uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and use our service and also allows us to improve our site. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website if you do so. A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your web or app session and expire when you close your browser. Others are used to remember you when you return to the site and will last for longer. We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
How we use your information
Information we collect:
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
To keep our site safe and secure.
For measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and service, when you choose to do so.
To deliver and improve our products and services and your overall user experience.
Information we receive from other sources:
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
‍
End User Information:
We will only use End User Information to provide our services and products to you, in accordance with the agreement agreed to and signed by us.
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our products and services. You can object to further marketing at any time by checking and updating your contact details within your account, or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you, or by submitting your email address here.
Lawful Bases
We will only collect and process personal data where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g. to operate the site or deliver any products or services you have requested) and “legitimate interests”. We rely on our legitimate interests as our lawful basis only where those interests are not overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law). If you have questions about the lawful bases of how we process your personal information, contact us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
.
Who we share your information with
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy. If any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent.
Selected third parties which may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law. This includes organizations supporting the services we offer through the site, in particular organizations providing website and data hosting services, providing fulfillment services, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, and facilitating feedback on our services. These organizations (which may include third party suppliers, agents, sub-contractors and/or other companies in the RevenueCat group of companies) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our site and subject to the cookie section of this policy (this will not identify you as an individual).
Payment processing providers, such as Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. (Your payment card details are not shared with us by the provider.)
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If RevenueCat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of service, terms of use, and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RevenueCat, our customers, or others.
Where we store your information
The data that we collect from you will be stored securely on Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) in the USA.
How We Respond to DNT Signals
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a Do Not Track signal to websites and other online services you visit. We do not alter our practices when we receive a Do Not Track signal from a visitor’s browser because we do not track our visitors to provide targeted advertising. To find out more about Do Not Track, please visit
http://www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Public forums
The site may, from time to time, make chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to its users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when using these and avoid posting any personal information.
Child safety
The site is intended for use only by persons who are at least 16 years of age. By using the site, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement. If you are under the age of 16, you confirm you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using this site or sending us personal information.
Payment processing
Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted to us over the internet. Payments made on the site are made through our payment gateway provider. You will be providing credit or debit card information directly to the operator which operates a secure server to process payment details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorizing payment. Information which you supply is not within our control and is subject to the operator’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
How we protect your information
Security is one of our biggest priorities at RevenueCat. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
All application data is secured in transit using TLS.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL.
RevenueCat audits changes to the application throughout the development lifecycle: architecture reviews are performed as well as stringent automated and manual code review processes.
RevenueCat monitors application servers, infrastructure, and the RevenueCat network environment to detect potential abuse.
RevenueCat uses Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) to persistently store Customer data and does not host Customer data on its premises. AWS is a leading cloud provider, and holds industry best security certifications, such as SOC2 and ISO 27001. Customer data sent to RevenueCat from around the world is sent to AWS data centers located in the United States.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data during any period in which you have expressed an interest in our products and services, for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you, and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
EU Citizen Rights Under GDPR
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us.
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us.
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example).
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing.
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by emailing compliance@revenuecat.com.
Your right to withdraw consent:
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by going here.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at
compliance@revenuecat.com
. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law.
We would appreciate the opportunity to directly address any GDPR issues you may have. Please contact us at compliance@revenuecat.com. You do, however, have the right to approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html for data protection authorities in the EU).
Data processed on behalf of our Customers
RevenueCat may process End User Information on behalf of its customers. We are not the controllers of this data and act as data processors, and have no direct relationship with the individuals or end users whose personal information it processes. The processing of personal data sent from our Customers is governed by our
Terms of Use
,
Data Processing Addendum
or any other agreement agreed to and signed by us with our Customers. These agreements cover data transfers to third parties that may occur as part of RevenueCat’s provision of its services to the customer. We will process such data on behalf of the customer as prescribed in the respective agreements between RevenueCat and the customer. The customer’s privacy policy or other agreement between the customer and you (or your organization) will apply to such processing, and not this policy.
If your personal data is processed by RevenueCat on behalf of one of our customers and you wish to discontinue such processing, or if you seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, please contact the RevenueCat customer (the data controller) directly. The RevenueCat customer should then provide instructions to us, if necessary. If requested to remove data by the data controller we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain personal information pursuant to our retention policy and will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Note to users outside the United States
RevenueCat is based in the United States. The Site and our products and services are controlled and operated by us from the United States and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your personal data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal data.
Changes to this policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, in relation to substantive changes, will be notified to you by email.
Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Compliance Officer
RevenueCat, Inc.
1032 E BRANDON BLVD #3003 BRANDON, FL 33511 UNITED STATES
compliance@revenuecat.com
‍
Sub-policy 3
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語