Privacy Policy
This private policy is related to the Cloud Builder App, from now on «the application»
Who we are
We are independent iOS developers. Our website address is: https://cloudbuilderapp.com.
What (personal) data we collect
We do not collect any data (personal or not) in the application. All information you can see and the API token needed to connect with your infrastructure, is stored locally on your device or is acquired real-time from the servers of your Cloud Provider.
Cookies
The application don’t use or store any kind of cookies.
Service Providers
The application needs to connect with the servers of the Service Providers (your Cloud/Infrastructure provider). It is done using the public API that the Service Providers expose to perform programatic actions over your infrastructure.
To make this possible you have to create on your Cloud Provider an API Token that will allow to the Cloud Builder App to connect with the Provider and request the information that will be presented in the application or perform the actions needed.
Security
The application is secure and follows all Apple guidelines but we cannot assure that is 100% free of bugs. Because of this, we are not responsible of any action or harm that the Application can cause on your infrastructure because of misuse or any kind of error.
We strongly suggest to follow these advice:
Have always a backup of your servers
Generate API tokens only with the rights you really need
Contact with your Service Provider in case you have any question regarding your infrastructure
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about the Application or this Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
info@cloudbuilderapp.com
.