Privacy Policy
August 1, 2021
Disaster Science Pty Ltd (hereinafter ‘Disaster Science’) is a company incorporated within Australia and we are therefore subject to Australian laws.
We are a ‘small business operator’ within the meaning of the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
. This means the requirements of the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
do not apply to us. Despite this, we take our moral responsibility relating to privacy seriously and have set forth our Privacy Policy below.
Should you have any inquiries or complaints regarding how we deal with personal information and/or privacy, please contact us at
privacy@disasterscience.co
.
Collection of your personal information
We are committed to provide you with the best experience when using our product and services. There are many aspects of our service that can be accessed without providing personal information. However, we do passively collect certain information for technical, statistical, network protection and usage monitoring purposes, including:
user demographics, IP addresses, data and time accessed, pages accessed, operating system used, web browser type, version and language, page access times, referring website addresses etc.
For more advanced services, we may also collect information directly from individuals, though an opt-in process, which includes:
names, email addresses, mobile numbers, employer details, location data, and potentially things like health and medical information (for instance, if it was hard for you to leave your home) etc.
Further information on how we intend to use or disclose this information will be available to the individual to whom the personal information relates, depending on the service provided.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
We will use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected. There may be other circumstances where we disclose personal information, including with the permission of the person to whom the information relates, or for a secondary purpose that would also be permitted under the
Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)
.
We may also occasionally work with affiliates who assist us in providing services to you. These affiliates will only be permitted to access the personal information they need to deliver the service. Disaster Science takes reasonable steps to ensure that these organisations are bound by confidentiality and privacy obligations in relation to the protection of your personal information.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only, data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices.
If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should not access or continue using our services.
Accessing your personal information
If you would like to access your personal information held by Disaster Science, please let us know. We reserve the right to charge a fee for searching for, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis.
Facebook data deletion requests
If you would like to delete you personal information (name and email address) held by Disaster Science, please contact us at
privacy@disasterscience.co
. Please include your Facebook email address and Bushfire.io User ID, this is found on your My Account page, after logging in.
Other data deletion requests
Please contact us at
privacy@disasterscience.co
if you have any other deletion requests. We will need your Bushfire.io User ID, found on your My Account page after logging in.
Contacting us
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or would like further information, please contact us by the following means:
E-mail:
privacy@disasterscience.co