Aarogya Setu Privacy Policy
Aarogya Setu was primarily launched to aid in tracing the contacts with COVID-19 positive persons. Primarily, Aarogya Setu was Contact Tracing App and assisted citizens in getting useful information about COVID-19. As the covid-19 spread and infection has majorly subsided across the nation, the contact tracing feature of the application has been discontinued. However, the app still shares COVID statistics/updates/guidelines and facilitate in downloading COVID-19 Vaccination Certificates. It also displays user status as “You are COVID-19 positive”, if patient’s mobile number given in ICMR database matches with registered mobile number of Aarogya Setu.
After discontinuation of contact tracing feature, Aarogya Setu has now been transformed into a National Health Application and is already offering plethora of health services such as creation of ABHA (Unique Health ID), providing telemedicine services, booking online appointments at Government/Private hospitals, registering Potential Blood Donor, searching nearby blood banks, labs, hospitals, health service providers etc. It also supports services available at Health Portals like CoWIN, eSanjeevaniOPD etc.
Overall ownership of the health data remains with the citizen and Aarogya Setu application
          follows privacy and consent-based information sharing as a guiding principle. The
          aggregate and anonymous data collected in the application can be utilized by the
          Government for analysis and monitoring of healthcare programs to aid policy decisions in
          consonance with the applicable law of the land.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTED AND MANNER OF COLLECTION
Consent based Registration
At registration, users are requested to provide the consent for utilizing their
            aggregated & anonymous data for supporting national health programs and public policies.
A one-time consent for the terms of this Privacy Policy is taken from the user.
When you register on the App, the following information is collected from you and stored
            securely on a server operated and managed by the Government:
(i) Name
(Ii) Phone Number
(Iii) Age
(Iv) Sex
(V) Profession
CoWIN
User activities like Registration on CoWIN for generating Beneficiary ID, Scheduling /
            Cancellation / Rescheduling Appointment, Deletion of Beneficiary, correction in
            certificate, raising any issue, downloading certificate etc. would be governed by the
            privacy policy and other relevant notifications released and published at CoWIN portal
            from time to time.
Ayushman Bharat Health Account (ABHA) Number
Under the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM), Government of India has proposed
              ABHA (Ayushman Bharat Health Account) Address as a unique identifier (self-declared
              username) that enables you to share and access your health records digitally. ABHA
              number is a 14-digit number that will uniquely identify you as a participant in
              India’s digital healthcare ecosystem. The strong, secure and trustable ABHA number
              will be accepted by healthcare providers and payers across the country.
You can use your ABHA number to seamlessly sign up for an ABHA address in order to
              maintain longitudinal health records and share the health records. You can participate
              at your own free will and choose to create your ABHA number voluntarily. Also, at any
              time, you can also request for permanent deletion or temporary deactivation of your
              ABHA number.
If you opt for creation of Ayushman Bharat Health Account (ABHA) through Aarogya Setu,
              the App shall seek your consent to collect your name, age, date of birth, gender,
              mobile number and Aadhar number for the purpose of creation of the ABHA. The
              registration for ABHA is voluntary in nature and the data shall only be collected &
              processed with your consent.
The App shall facilitate the verification of your identity using your Aadhaar Number
              which will only be used for the purpose of the creation of your ABHA. Your Aadhaar
              number shall not be stored by the App.
The App will make it possible for you to download and cache your ABHA. You will need
              to grant the App media access permission on your device in order to avail this
              facility.
A valid Aarogya Setu user having ABHA Number will be able to create ABHA number and
              ABHA address for others in assisted mode.
Creation of Longitudinal health record
The ABHA will facilitate the user to link his/her health record with the ABHA account,
              thus creating a single point for viewing/accessing/deleting the health data as per
              user’s convenience.
The linking of ABHA ID will facilitate creation of longitudinal health record of the
              user which supports accurate diagnosis, precision medicine, increased quality of care,
              timely response in emergency, lower out of pocket expenses and overall continuum of
              care across the health spectrum.
All above mentioned ABHA related activities would be governed by the Health Data
              Management Policy and privacy policies and other relevant notifications released and
              published by ABDM) from time to time.
Outcomes for Citizen
The Aarogya Setu will provide equitable access and availability of multiple healthcare
            services to citizens. Citizen will be able to generate ABHA ID which can be linked to
            the health data of the citizen. The linking of ABHA ID will facilitate creation of
            longitudinal health record of the user which supports accurate diagnosis, precision
            medicine, increased quality of care, timely response in emergency, lower out of pocket
            expenses and overall continuum of care across the health spectrum.
The user will be facilitated to book online appointment in health facilities easing
            registration process, can avail tele-consultation services with medical professionals
            and specialists from their mobile phones and can get information about government
            healthcare services. The storage services are provisioned through secured DigiLocker and
            consent-based framework under this application.
Timely sharing of health record by citizen with medical professionals will support
            informed clinical decisions further reducing dependency on repeat diagnostics and
            ensures customized and quality care to patients. With utilization of Telemedicine and
            remote healthcare interventions, the continuity of treatment to patient can be ensured
            limiting the repeated visits to health facility by citizen.
eSanjeevaniOPD
User activities like Registration on eSanjeevani Portal for generating Patient ID, Token
            Generation, Token Cancellation, downloading ePrescription etc. would be governed by the
            privacy policy and other relevant notifications released and published at eSanjeevaniOPD
            portal from time to time.
2. USE OF INFORMATION
The personal information collected from you at the time of registration, will be
              stored on Government of India approved ICT Infrastructure and shall be used by the
              Government of India in anonymized, aggregated datasets for the purpose of generating
              reports, heat maps, statistical visualizations and for supporting overall healthcare
              services by Government of India.
The information collected for ABHA generation shall be used for the sole purpose of
              facilitating the creation of your ABHA, download and caching of ABHA only. The ABHA
              will be linked with the health services availed by user through this app to create the
              longitudinal health record of the patients.
The Information collected from the Users shall be used for providing health related
              services to the user based on user’s consent.
3. RETENTION
All information collected at the time of registration will be retained for as long as
              your account remains in existence.
Nothing set out herein shall apply to the anonymized, aggregated datasets or any
              reports, heat maps or other visualization created using such datasets.
The data related to ABHA would be governed by the relevant notifications released and
              published by ABDM (Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission) from time to time.
4. DEVICE PERMISSION
To provide various features and functionalities, the Aarogya Setu app requires the
            following permissions on your device:
Camera: For scanning QR Codes, documents, Face Authentication etc. as required
Location: GPS Location data for showing location specific health information including
              nearby labs, blood banks, health service providers etc.
Read and Write in Device Storage (including External Storage): Upload/Download of
              Files or Images related to health record for linking with ABHA
5. RIGHTS
As a registered user, you have the right to access your profile at any time and to add,
            modify or remove any information as applicable. The users will receive notifications as
            per the notification policy set by users in their mobile phone.
6. DATA SECURITY
The App is equipped with standard security features to protect the confidentiality and
            security of your information. Data is encrypted in transit as well as at rest. Personal
            information provided at the time of registration is encrypted before being uploaded to
            the server, where it is stored in an encrypted format.
7. DISCLOSURES AND TRANSFER
Users can share their health-related information and health status with the
            practitioner/doctors or anyone duly following the consent framework.
8. GRIEVANCES
For any concerns or questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, you may address the
            same to:
Sh. Kiran Gopal Vaska,
Director, ABDM
Email: support[dot]aarogyasetu[at]gov[dot]in