Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
We at Farend are strongly committed to protecting the private information of our customers and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. Our purpose in retaining information you have supplied is solely to help manage services you have with us. We will not send you unwanted e-mail messages or junk mail, and under no circumstances will your details be passed to any organisation beyond Farend companies without your explicit permission.
We will use e-mail to send you messages about outstanding orders, renewals and service issues. We may also use e-mail to keep you up to date with news about your current services, as well as anything you show an interest in. We will occasionally post you material which, as a customer of Farend, might be of interest to you.
Please note that in the process of registering for a domain name InterNIC and each registry publish basic information relating to every domain name on the internet. This information includes the name, address and email address supplied by the administrative contact, the technical contact and the billing contact. This information is then freely available on the internet.
As domain name owners e-mail addresses are made public in the WHOIS query tool and are included in Bulk WHOIS data, there is a potential for misuse of this publicly available information. If you have received unsolicited emails (spam) soon after registering a new domain name it is most likely that the sender has "harvested" your details from this publicly available information.
2. Information Collected
2.1 Personal Data
This is data that identifies you including your name, address and telephone number. It also includes your email address and billing information. We use this data to provide you with the services you have ordered from us. We may also use this data to contact you regarding your orders or to keep you informed of services we offer. A person who has submitted personal data through our web forms can request a copy of their personal data. They may also request that this data be deleted or amended. To request this information please send an email to
info@farend.net
2.2 Non-Personal Data
This is statistical and analytical data that cannot be used to identify the visitors to our website. This data is used to improve our website.
3. Disclosure of information to third parties
We will not disclose your personal data to third parties except where you have given us specific consent to do so or where the third party needs the information to complete your order. Where the third party requires your personal data to complete your order we will supply them with the data but hold them responsible for the protection of this data.
4. Security
We take our security responsibilities seriously. We employ the appropriate physical and technical measures to protect your personal data.
5. Change of Ownership of Farend.
We reserve the right to transfer all of the data we collect to a third party in the event of a sale of the business, a merger with another company or a transfer of the part of the business that requires the data to continue to provide you with the services you have ordered. In the event of any such change you will be notified in advance and you will be given the opportunity to be excluded from any such transfer.
6. Change to the Privacy Policy
Any changes to the Privacy policy will be posted on this website.