Home
Features
Features
Features
Online Booking
Custom-branded, client-friendly online booking
Payments
Online and in-person PCI-compliant payments
Reporting & Analytics
Custom reporting and real-time business insights
Staff & Appointment Scheduling
Manage services, rooms and resources with multi-location support
Online Appointments
HIPAA, PIPEDA and GDPR-compliant telehealth for 1 - 12 clients
Support & Training
Unlimited, award-winning phone, email and chat support — with free data migrations
Charting
Custom forms, charts, SOAP notes, and 1000+ templates
Billing & Insurance
Manage and track cash or insurance-based billing
Security
Fully compliant with remote data storage and 99.9% uptime
More from Jane
Jane Payments
Come see how Jane can help you get paid
Integrations
Discover more options with integrations
Websites
Flexible website builder for healthcare practitioners
Feature Overview
Pricing
Videos
Guide
Blog
New
About
Careers
Sign In
Book a Demo
Sign Up
Sign Up
Book a Demo
Features
Online Booking
Custom-branded, client-friendly online booking
Payments
Online and in-person PCI-compliant payments
Reporting & Analytics
Custom reporting and real-time business insights
Staff & Appointment Scheduling
Manage services, rooms and resources with multi-location support
Online Appointments
HIPAA, PIPEDA and GDPR-compliant telehealth for 1 - 12 clients
Support & Training
Unlimited, award-winning phone, email and chat support — with free data migrations
Charting
Custom forms, charts, SOAP notes, and 1000+ templates
Billing & Insurance
Manage and track cash or insurance-based billing
Security
Fully compliant with remote data storage and 99.9% uptime
More from Jane
Jane Payments
Come see how Jane can help you get paid
Integrations
Discover more options with integrations
Websites
Flexible website builder for healthcare practitioners
Feature Overview
Policies
Service Level Agreement
Terms of Use
Data Processing Addendum
Community Standards
Trademark Usage
Privacy Notice
Appuyez ici pour la version française
Welcome to Jane! This Privacy Notice describes how personal information is collected, used and stored through use of the  clinic management platform by Jane Software Inc. (“Jane” or “we” or “us” or “our”)  and through use of our websites and web-based resources. We refer to our platform, websites and web-based resources as the “Services”.
In this Notice, we use the word “Subscriber” to refer to anyone who has subscribed to and paid for use of our clinic management platform (for example, a health clinic or health practitioner), and also includes their individual sub-users. We use the word “you”  and “your” to refer to any individual user of our Services, such as a practitioner, staff member or patient of a Subscriber, or an individual browsing or using our websites and web-based resources. We use the word “Patient” to refer to any individual that interacts with Jane’s clinic management platform to book or use the services of a Subscriber.
Notice to Patients
If you are a Patient at any of our Subscriber clinics or practitioners,
your clinic or practitioner controls your patient information
, including your contact information, billing details and patient records. The only exception is if you setup an account for booking appointments using the Jane Mobile App, your Jane ID authentication credentials (user ID or email and password) are controlled by Jane.  Please contact your clinic or practitioner for any questions about your patient information or contact Jane for any questions about management of your Jane ID authentication information. See the section titled
Patient Data
below for further information.
Why Jane Collects Personal Information
Jane collects personal information in order to provide our Services to our Subscribers and their users, for our own business purposes (such as managing your subscription and payments), to learn about use of our Services (for improvement, accessibility and relevant content), and to provide you with information about our Services, including features and promotions. We collect only the minimum amount of personal information needed for these purposes. We do not sell or trade personal information, and we will only share your personal information with third parties in the ways that are described in this Privacy Notice.
Information Jane Collects from You
Contact Information. We collect your contact information, such as your name, email address and organization, when you fill out our online forms or set up your user account for our Services. We use your contact information to activate your user account, give you access to the Services, and to send you notices about your user account. We may also use your contact information for marketing purposes, such as promotional emails, direct mail and sales contacts. You can opt-out of our marketing communications at any time by unsubscribing or contacting us at support@jane.app. Please note that other than email addresses used in authentication credentials, Jane does not collect or manage the contact information of patients, or any marketing or other communications between a Subscriber and its patients.
Patient Authentication Information. We collect your authentication credentials (user ID or email and password) (“Patient Authentication Information”) when you create an account to link, book and obtain services from one or more Subscriber clinics as a Patient. We manage the authentication process to allow you to use the same authentication credentials for the different Subscriber clinics you elect to have an account with.
Billing Information. When a Subscriber subscribes to our Services, we also ask them to provide credit card information to process payments. We do not keep your credit card information. Credit card information is provided directly to our payment processor who is PCI-compliant. We receive a ‘token’ from the payment processor that replaces sensitive information and acts as a non-sensitive identifier which can be used by the payment processor to reference your credit card information when future payments need to be processed.
Log and Device Information. When you access and browse our Services, we collect information about how you are accessing our Services, such as your internet or mobile network connection, your browser or the type of mobile device you are using (if applicable). We use this log and device information to identify how our Services are being accessed and used so we can optimize them for the types of connections, browsers and devices being used. This information is not used to market or send promotions at an individual user level.
Cookies and Tracking Information. Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small data files that are downloaded to your computer or device by a website. Your web browser lets you manage cookies through its “settings” or “options” menus. You can change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie or to refuse all cookies other than essential cookies required for the functioning of the Services. You can also delete cookies at any time; however, please note that certain cookies must remain in order to use certain portions of the Services. We also use web beacons, which are tiny graphic objects embedded in a web page or an email which allows us to determine if a user has viewed the web page or email.
We use cookies and web beacons:
To learn about use of our websites, such as user traffic patterns and the effectiveness of our navigational structure
To identify email open rates in order to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications or marketing campaigns to clinics
To allow you to login to secure areas of our Services
To store your login credentials for easy access to our Services
For more information about cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
Social Media. If you login to our Services using a third-party sign-in service, such as Google, Facebook Connect or Twitter, we will receive personal information from those services, such as your name and email address in order to pre-populate our online forms. We also include social media “Like” and “Share” buttons on our websites. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our website. They may also set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties who provide them.
Legal Basis (GDPR EU/UK)
For personal information that is subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we rely on the following legal bases for collecting and using your personal information:
Your consent
The performance of the contract between the Subscriber or user and us, as the provider of the Services
Our legitimate interests (which are not overridden by your privacy rights), such as operating our business, understanding and improving our Services, direct marketing related to our Services, communicating with Subscribers and users about our Services, events or related resources, improving our websites and protecting our legal rights and interests.
You may withdraw your consent at any time. Where we are using your personal information for our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to that use. See below under
Your Rights
for how to withdraw consent or object.
If you are a Patient of one of our Subscriber clinics, please contact your clinic or practitioner if you have any questions about the legal basis for collecting and using your personal information other than your Jane ID authentication information, about which you can contact us. Our Subscribers may have a different legal basis for collecting and using a Patient’s personal information, such as providing health care or treatments as a regulated healthcare professional.
Patient Data
Patient Data. Subscribers use our clinic management platform to collect personal information from their patients and create patient records. These records may include a patient’s name, address, health insurance and billing information, medical charts, appointment history and other patient data (“Patient Data”). This information is sometimes referred to as “personal health information”, “protected health information”, “data concerning health” or “sensitive data” depending on the location of the Subscribers and the privacy laws applicable to them. If you are a Patient, Patient Data is collected from you when you visit your Subscriber clinic or practitioner and when you create a profile or book appointments with the Subscriber clinic through our online booking Service.
Subscriber’s Role. Subscribers retain sole control over Patient Data and may be referred to as a “health information custodian”, a “covered entity” or a “controller” depending on their location and the privacy laws applicable to them.
Subscribers determine:
What Patient Data to collect;
How the Subscriber will use the Patient Data;
Who has access to Patient Data;
How long the Subscriber will store Patient Data; and
On what basis the Subscriber may delete Patient Data.
Subscribers are responsible for complying with laws and regulations governing the use of Patient Data, and for determining the legal basis for such use.
Jane’s Role. Jane is a service provider to Subscribers and may be referred to as an “agent”, “business associate” or “processor” of the Subscriber. Jane stores Patient Data in its secure data centers and makes it available to Subscribers and their users through our clinic management platform. Therefore, except in relation to Patient Authentication Information, Jane otherwise has no control over Patient Data. Jane will only access Patient Data on the instructions of the Subscriber or its representatives or, in rare cases, where needed in order to prevent or address technical problems, your requests for support, or if required by law or court order. Please note that in order for Jane to verify that we have true consent to access your account and its data, that we may verify the person requesting that we access. We may store and access non-identifiable usage data in connection with managing your subscription and licenses.
Patient Authentication Data. In the interest of facilitating a more convenient and comprehensive experience to Patients, Jane allows Patients to use their Patient Authentication Information to link, book and obtain services from multiple Subscribers; the user ID, email, phone number and password for these unified accounts used by Patients are referred to as Patient Authentication Data. Jane shall be considered a “personal information custodian” or a “controller” of Patient Authentication Data for the purpose of administration of authentication and access to the clinic management platform and to each of the Subscriber accounts that the Patient is linked to. Patient Authentication Data shall not be considered Subscriber Data. Furthermore, for the purpose of Patient Authentication Data, Jane does not qualify as a “covered entity” because Patient Authentication Data is not deemed to be personal health information. Jane assumes responsibility for the safeguarding of Patient Authentication Data and will not disclose Patient Authentication Data to any Subscriber without the prior consent of the Patient. Jane shall be responsible to ensure that only Patients who have successfully authenticated and are linked to a specific Subscriber account are allowed to access such Subscriber account.
Storage Location. Patient Data is stored in the regional data centre for the location chosen by the Subscriber during the sign-up process. We currently have regional data centres in Canada, the United States, UK, and Australia, though this may change from time to time. If we do not have a data centre in the Subscriber’s region, Patient Data will be stored in our Canadian data centre, unless otherwise requested by the Subscriber. Please note that we use US-based service providers for appointment reminders sent by SMS and, therefore, Patient Data contained in appointment reminders will go through and may be stored temporarily in the United States. Similarly, the group telehealth Service is facilitated by a provider which utilizes the nearest available data centre to ensure quality of calls; therefore, in such cases, we do not guarantee that the processing of your data will always remain within your chosen region. We require all our data centres and service providers to maintain a high level of security and to comply with applicable privacy laws.
Patient Rights. Patients have certain rights with respect to their Patient Data, which may include knowing what information your Subscriber clinic has about you, correcting any inaccurate Patient Data, obtaining a record of your Patient Data and, in certain circumstances, deleting or removing your Patient Data. Please note that Subscribers have strict legal and regulatory obligations around Patient Data and may not always be permitted to delete or remove Patient Data.
Questions about Patient Data. If you have any questions about your Patient Data or wish to exercise any or your patient rights, please contact your Subscriber clinic or practitioner. If your Subscriber clinic or practitioner has any questions about the management of Patient Data in the Services, they may contact us and we will support them as needed to respond to your request. Please note that, in order to maintain strict security of your Patient Data, we can only access Patient Data upon instruction from the Account Owner of the Subscriber. If your questions are about your Patient Authentication Data, you may contact us directly and we will respond to your request.
Sharing Your Information
We do not sell or distribute personal information to third parties for their own commercial or marketing purposes. We will only share personal information we collect in the following circumstances:
Suppliers and Service Providers. In order to operate our business and provide the Services to our Subscribers and their users, we may need to share a limited amount of personal information, including Patient Data, with our third-party suppliers and service providers. Before sharing personal information, we ensure that the third parties receiving the personal information have provided appropriate safeguards, and that privacy rights are protected and preserved. Some of the areas where we use third-party suppliers and service providers include:
Our data centers where all platform data is stored
Customer support services to help us collect feedback and manage our support services
Communication services to send out email and SMS notices or reminders
Payment processors
A list of the sub-processors we use for processing of Subscriber Data can be found
here
.
Corporate Transactions. We may share personal information in connection with negotiating or carrying out a financing or acquisition of our business, a merger or amalgamation with another business, or a sale of all or part of our company assets. Before sharing personal information, we will ensure that appropriate confidentiality and non-disclosure undertakings are in place. We will not share Patient Data in these circumstances.
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose personal information to governmental or judicial authorities (to respond to a request, subpoenas, registrations, or legal processes) or other third parties (as required by law, to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, or to protect and secure our interests, rights, and our assets), to enforce security requirements, or to respond to an emergency which we believe, in good faith, requires us to disclose personal information. . We may also be required to disclose personal information to enforce our legal rights, to enforce security requirements, or to respond to an emergency which we believe, in good faith, requires us to disclose personal information. In such instances, we carefully review a request to make sure it complies with applicable law; if we consider the request to be too broad, we may try to narrow it to minimize the scope of the request, and, if permissible, we will make every reasonable effort to give you as much notice and detail as we can regarding the disclosure of your personal information, what information was disclosed and why. We will not disclose Patient Data unless legally required to do so.
Patient Authentication Data. Jane shall not share your Patient Authentication Data with any of the Subscribers that you, as a patient, elect to link your account to.
Anonymized / Aggregated Data. Jane may use computer-generated algorithms to gather anonymous and aggregated information from Subscriber Data in order to assist in our continued development and improvement of the Services, and for the purpose of analysis or compiling statistical data. We will ensure that such anonymized individualized information is not shared outside of Jane without the consent of the Subscriber, but we are permitted to share aggregated analysis about the use of the Services.
Security
We take reasonable measures, including firewall barriers, SSL/TLS encryption techniques, and authentication procedures, to help protect personal information from accidental loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. In addition, we limit access to Subscriber Data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. We protect your personal information, including Patient Data stored in our platform, by:
Using industry standard security controls such as encryption and an SSL (Secured Sockets Layers) certificate to ensure information is transmitted over a secured connection between your browser and our web server.
Using state-of-the-art data centres with appropriate security and compliance certifications, such as ISO-27001, SOC 2, etc.
Having our personnel sign strict confidentiality agreements in addition to completing periodic training to ensure they understand the confidential nature of the data we process, and only accessing your account when you request assistance from us.
Requiring password protection of your user account with a password set by you. We cannot access or identify your password. The only way to recover a password is for you to initiate a reset via the email address or mobile phone number you use for the Services.
While we employ industry standard measures to protect your information, no electronic communication can ever be completely secure. You share responsibility for protection of your personal information by setting a strong password and by keeping your username and password confidential, along with utilizing the security features available to you and according to your needs.
Storage Period
We retain personal information only for as long as necessary to achieve our stated purposes, or as required by applicable law. For example, Contact and Billing information is kept for as long as a Subscriber account is active and for a reasonable period after it has been deactivated in the event you or your Subscriber wish to re-activate the account as well as for Jane to meet legal requirements and internal record retention policies. User account information may also be retained as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or maintain our relationship with a Subscriber.
If you are a patient of one of our Subscriber clinics, please contact your clinic or practitioner for information regarding the storage period for your Patient Data.
International Transfers
Personal information may be transferred to and processed in Canada and the United States. Before transferring your personal information, we ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place and that your privacy rights are protected and preserved. Such safeguards may include the existence of an EU adequacy decision, certification and adherence to EU-US Data Privacy Framework, Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework and the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Frameworks, the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, the International Data Transfer Agreement approved by the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK, binding corporate rules, or other legal mechanisms to safeguard the personal information being transferred.
Your Rights
Individuals have certain rights with respect to their personal information. These rights are set out below. If you are a patient of one of our Subscriber clinics, please contact your clinic or practitioner to exercise any of these rights with respect to your Patient Data. To exercise your rights over your Patient Authentication Data, please
Contact Us
.
Correction and Deletion. We will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the personal information we collect from you is accurate and complete. You may update, correct or delete your account information at any time by logging into your user account and modifying your personal information, including your preferences to receive messages from us. You may also update, correct or delete your personal information by contacting us as noted below.
Withdrawing Consent. Where we have relied on your consent to use your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us as noted below, which we will give effect to promptly. In addition, all our marketing email messages contain the ability to automatically “opt-out” or unsubscribe from our mailing lists and marketing messages.
Access and Portability. You have the right to request a record of the personal information that we have collected about you and to ask that the information be provided in a structured, used electronic format (where applicable and technically feasible). There may be some cases where we cannot provide you with certain information about you if it would mean disclosure of personal information of another person or other confidential information, or if it would compromise our security systems. If you require access to your personal information, please
Contact Us
. We will respond to you within thirty (30) days of receiving your request. We may charge a fee where permitted by applicable law.
Restriction and Objection. In certain limited circumstances, individuals in the EU, Switzerland or the UK may request that we restrict our use of their personal information and, where we rely on legitimate interests as the legal basis for using your personal information, you have the right to object to such use. In these cases, we can be required to no longer use your personal information; however, this may mean that certain components of our Services cannot be made available to you. If you wish to exercise your right to restrict or object, please
Contact Us
.
Complaints. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (i.e., the independent public authority responsible for monitoring data protection laws in your country). You may also contact the Information and Privacy Commissioner of British Columbia (for British Columbia matters) (
http://www.oipc.bc.ca/
) or the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (for international matters and inter-provincial matters) (
http://www.priv.gc.ca/
).
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice and our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Jane Software Inc. 
500 - 138 13th St E.  
North Vancouver, BC
V7L 0E5 Canada 
Tel: 844-310-5263
Email: privacy@jane.app

Attention: Privacy Officer - Jonathan Friesen, Director of Operations
privacy@jane.app
Updated:  Feb 2025
Avis en matière de confidentialité
Bienvenue chez Jane ! Le présent avis de notre politique en matière de confidentialité décrit la façon dont les renseignements personnels sont recueillis, utilisés et stockés dans le cadre de l’utilisation de la plateforme de gestion de cliniques de soins de santé de Jane Software Inc. (“Jane” ou “nous” ou “notre”) et de l’utilisation de nos sites internet et de nos ressources en ligne. Nous désignons notre plateforme et nos sites web et nos ressources basées sur l’internet par le terme “Services”.
Dans le présent avis, nous utilisons le terme “Abonné ou Abonnée” pour désigner toute personne qui s’est abonnée et a payé pour utiliser notre plateforme de gestion de cliniques (par exemple, une clinique ou un praticien de santé), et aussi leurs sous-utilisateurs individuels. Nous utilisons les mots “vous” et “votre” pour désigner tout utilisateur individuel de nos services, tel qu’un praticien, un membre du personnel ou un Patient, ou une personne qui navigue ou utilise nos sites internet et nos ressources basées sur internet. Nous utilisons le mot “Patient” pour désigner toute personne qui interagit avec la plateforme de gestion de cliniques de Jane pour réserver ou utiliser les services d’un Abonné.
Avis aux Patients
Si vous êtes un Patient de l’un de nos Abonnés (cliniques ou praticiens), votre clinique ou praticien contrôle les informations vous concernant. Ceci comprend vos coordonnées, les détails de la facturation et votre dossier de Patient. La seule exception est la création d’un compte pour la prise de rendez-vous à l’aide de l’application mobile Jane. Les données d’authentification de votre Identifiant Jane (Jane ID) (Identifiant utilisateur ou adresse de courriel et mot de passe) sont contrôlées par Jane. Veuillez contacter votre clinique ou votre praticien pour toute question concernant les informations à votre sujet à titre de Patient ou contactez Jane pour toute question concernant la gestion de vos informations d’authentification de votre Identifiant Jane (Jane ID). Pour plus d’informations, voir la section ci-dessous intitulée :
Données relatives aux Patients
.
Pourquoi Jane recueille-t-elle des informations personnelles
Jane recueille des informations personnelles afin de fournir ses services à ses Abonnés et à leurs utilisateurs, à des fins commerciales (telles que la gestion de votre abonnement et de vos paiements), pour connaître l’utilisation de ses Services (à des fins d’amélioration, d’accessibilité et de pertinence du contenu) et pour vous fournir des informations sur ses Services, y compris sur les fonctionnalités et les promotions. Nous ne recueillons que le minimum d’informations personnelles nécessaires à ces fins. Nous ne vendons ni n’échangeons d’informations personnelles, et nous ne partagerons vos informations personnelles avec des tiers que de la manière décrite dans le présent avis de confidentialité.
Informations que Jane recueille auprès de vous
Informations de contact. Nous recueillons vos coordonnées, telles que votre nom, votre adresse électronique et le nom de votre organisation, lorsque vous remplissez nos formulaires en ligne ou que vous créez votre compte d’utilisateur pour nos Services. Nous utilisons vos coordonnées pour activer votre compte d’utilisateur, vous donner accès aux Services et vous envoyer des avis concernant votre compte d’utilisateur. Nous pouvons également utiliser vos coordonnées à des fins de marketing, telles que des courriels promotionnels, du publipostage et des contacts commerciaux. Vous pouvez à tout moment vous désabonner de nos communications marketing en vous désinscrivant ou en nous contactant à l’adresse
support@jane.app
. Veuillez noter qu’à l’exception des adresses de courriel utilisées pour l’authentification, Jane ne recueille pas et ne gère pas les coordonnées des Patients, ni aucune communication marketing ou autre entre un Abonné et ses Patients.
Informations d’authentification des Patients. Nous recueillons vos informations d’authentification (identifiant ou adresse de courriel et mot de passe) (“Informations d’authentification du Patient”) lorsque vous créez un compte pour établir un lien, réserver et obtenir des services auprès d’une ou de plusieurs cliniques abonnées de Jane en tant que Patient. Nous gérons le processus d’authentification pour vous permettre d’utiliser les mêmes Informations d’authentification du Patient pour les différentes cliniques Abonnées auprès desquelles vous choisissez d’avoir un compte.
Informations relatives à la facturation. Lorsqu’un Abonné s’abonne à nos Services, nous lui demandons de fournir des informations sur sa carte de crédit afin de traiter les paiements. Nous ne conservons pas les informations relatives à votre carte de crédit. Les informations relatives aux cartes de crédit sont fournies directement à notre prestataire de services de paiement, qui respecte la norme PCI. Nous recevons un “jeton” du processeur de paiement qui remplace les informations confidentielles et agit comme un identifiant non- confidentiel qui peut être utilisé par le processeur de paiement pour référencer vos informations de carte de crédit lorsque des paiements futurs doivent être traités.
Informations sur le type d’accès  et l’appareil. Lorsque vous accédez à nos Services et que vous les parcourez, nous recueillons des informations sur la manière dont vous y accédez, telles que votre connexion au réseau internet ou mobile, votre navigateur ou le type d’appareil mobile que vous utilisez (le cas échéant). Nous utilisons ces informations pour identifier la manière par laquelle les utilisateurs  accèdent à et utilisent nos Services afin de les optimiser en fonction des types de connexions, de navigateurs et d’appareils utilisés. Ces informations ne sont pas utilisées pour faire du marketing ou envoyer des promotions à un utilisateur individuel.
Cookies et informations de suivi. Notre site web utilise des cookies (fichiers témoins). Les cookies sont de petits fichiers de données informatiques qui sont téléchargés sur votre ordinateur ou votre appareil par un site. Votre navigateur  vous permet de gérer les cookies par le biais de ses menus “paramètres” ou “options”. Vous pouvez modifier les paramètres de votre navigateur pour afficher un avertissement avant d’accepter un cookie ou pour refuser tous les cookies autres que les cookies essentiels au fonctionnement des services. Vous pouvez également supprimer les cookies à tout moment ; toutefois, veuillez noter que certains cookies doivent être conservés pour que vous puissiez utiliser certaines parties des services. Nous utilisons également des balises web, qui sont de minuscules objets graphiques intégrés dans une page web ou un courrier électronique et qui nous permettent de déterminer si un utilisateur a consulté la page web ou le courrier électronique.
Nous utilisons des cookies et des balises web:
pour en savoir plus sur l’utilisation de nos sites, tels que les schémas de trafic des utilisateurs et l’efficacité de notre structure de navigation;
pour identifier les taux d’ouverture des courriels afin d’évaluer l’efficacité de certaines communications ou campagnes de marketing auprès des cliniques;
pour vous permettre de vous connecter à des zones sécurisées de nos Services;
pour stocker vos identifiants de connexion pour faciliter l’accès à nos Services;
Pour plus d’informations sur les cookies, consultez notre
Politique en matière de cookies
.
Médias sociaux. Si vous vous connectez à nos Services à l’aide d’un service de connexion tiers, tel que Google, Facebook Connect ou Twitter, nous recevrons des informations personnelles de ces services, telles que votre nom et votre adresse de courriel, afin de pré-compléter nos formulaires en ligne. Nous incluons également des boutons “J’aime” et “Partager” dans les médias sociaux sur nos sites internet. Ces fonctionnalités peuvent collecter votre adresse IP et la page que vous visitez sur nos sites. Elles peuvent également installer un cookie pour permettre à la fonction d’agir correctement. Vos interactions avec ces fonctionnalités sont régies par les politiques de confidentialité des tiers qui les fournissent.
Base juridique (RGPD UE/Royaume-Uni)
Pour les informations personnelles soumises au Règlement général sur la protection des données (RGPD), nous nous appuyons sur les bases juridiques suivantes pour collecter et utiliser vos informations personnelles:
* Votre consentement;
* L’exécution du contrat entre l’abonné ou l’utilisateur et nous, en tant que fournisseur des services;
* Nos intérêts légitimes (sur lesquels vos droits à la vie privée ne prévalent pas), tels que l’exploitation de notre entreprise, la compréhension et l’amélioration de nos Services, le marketing direct lié à nos Services, la communication avec les Abonnés et les utilisateurs au sujet de nos Services, des événements ou des ressources connexes, l’amélioration de nos sites web et la protection de nos droits et intérêts légaux.
Vous pouvez retirer votre consentement à tout moment. Lorsque nous utilisons vos informations personnelles dans le cadre de nos intérêts légitimes, vous avez le droit de vous opposer à cette utilisation. Pour savoir comment retirer votre consentement ou vous opposer, reportez-vous à la section :
Vos droits
ci-dessous.
Si vous êtes un Patient de l’une des cliniques Abonnée à nos Services, veuillez contacter votre clinique ou votre praticien si vous avez des questions sur la base juridique de la collecte et de l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles autres que vos Informations d’authentification Jane ID, à propos desquelles vous pouvez nous contacter. Nos Abonnés peuvent avoir une base juridique différente pour collecter et utiliser les informations personnelles d’un Patient, comme la fourniture de soins de santé ou de traitements en tant que professionnel de santé réglementé.
Données relatives aux Patients
Données relatives aux Patients. Les Abonnés utilisent notre plateforme de gestion de clinique pour collecter des informations personnelles auprès de leurs Patients et créer des dossiers de Patients. Ces dossiers peuvent inclure le nom, l’adresse, les informations relatives à l’assurance maladie et à la facturation, les dossiers médicaux, l’historique des rendez-vous et d’autres données relatives au Patient (les “Données relatives au Patient”). Ces informations sont parfois appelées “informations personnelles sur la santé”, “informations protégées sur la santé”, “données concernant la santé” ou “données sensibles”, en fonction du lieu où se trouvent les Abonnés et des lois sur la protection de la vie privée qui leur sont applicables. Si vous êtes un Patient, les Données relatives au Patient sont collectées auprès de vous lorsque vous vous rendez dans la clinique ou chez le praticien Abonné et lorsque vous créez un profil ou prenez rendez-vous avec la clinique de l’Abonné par l’intermédiaire de notre Service de réservation en ligne.
Rôle de l’Abonné. Les Abonnés conservent le contrôle exclusif des Données relatives au Patient et peuvent être désignés comme “dépositaire d’informations sur la santé”, “entité couverte” ou “contrôleur” en fonction de leur emplacement et des lois sur la protection de la vie privée qui leur sont applicables. Les Abonnés déterminent:
les Données relatives au Patient à collecter;
comment l’Abonné utilisera les Données relatives au Patient;
qui a accès aux données relatives au Patient;
la durée pendant laquelle l’Abonné conservera les Données relatives au Patient; et
sur quelle base l’Abonné peut supprimer les Données relatives au Patient.
Il incombe aux Abonnés de se conformer aux lois et règlements régissant l’utilisation des Données relatives aux Patients et de déterminer la base juridique de cette utilisation.
Rôle de Jane. Jane est un fournisseur de Services aux Abonnés et peut être désignée comme un “agent”, un “partenaire commercial” ou un “sous-traitant” de l’Abonné. Jane stocke les Données relatives aux Patients dans ses centres de données sécurisés et les met à la disposition des Abonnés et de leurs utilisateurs par le biais de notre plateforme de gestion des cliniques. Par conséquent, sauf en ce qui concerne les Informations d’authentification du Patient (Jane ID), Jane n’a aucun contrôle sur les Données relatives aux Patients. Jane n’accède aux Données relatives aux Patients que sur les instructions d’un Abonné ou de ses représentants ou, dans de rares cas, lorsque cela est nécessaire pour prévenir ou résoudre des problèmes techniques, pour répondre à vos demandes d’assistance ou si la loi ou une décision d’un tribunal l’exige. Veuillez noter que pour que Jane puisse vérifier que nous disposons d’un véritable consentement pour accéder à votre compte et à ses données, il se peut que nous vérifiions la personne qui demande l’accès. Nous pouvons stocker et accéder à des données d’utilisation non identifiables dans le cadre de la gestion de votre abonnement et de vos licences.
Données d’authentification des Patients. Dans le but de faciliter une expérience plus pratique et plus complète pour les Patients, Jane permet aux Patients d’utiliser leurs données d’authentification pour se connecter, réserver et obtenir des services auprès de plusieurs Abonnés ; l’ID utilisateur, l’adresse de courriel, le numéro de téléphone et le mot de passe pour ces comptes unifiés utilisés par les Patients sont appelés “Données d’authentification du Patient”. Jane est considérée comme un “dépositaire de renseignements personnels” ou un “contrôleur” des données d’authentification du Patient aux fins de l’administration de l’authentification et de l’accès à la plateforme de gestion des cliniques et à chacun des comptes d’Abonné auxquels le Patient est lié. Les Données d’authentification du Patient ne sont pas considérées comme des Données d’Abonné. En outre, en ce qui concerne les Données d’authentification du Patient, Jane n’est pas considérée comme une “entité couverte”, car les Données d’authentification du Patient ne sont pas considérées comme des informations personnelles sur la santé. Jane assume la responsabilité de la protection des Données d’authentification du Patient et ne divulguera pas ces Données à un Abonné sans le consentement préalable du Patient. Jane est responsable de veiller à ce que seuls les Patients qui se sont authentifiés avec succès et qui sont liés à un compte d’Abonné spécifique soient autorisés à accéder à ce compte d’Abonné.
Lieu de stockage. Les données du Patient sont stockées dans le centre de données régional de l’endroit choisi par l’Abonné au cours du processus d’inscription. Nous disposons actuellement de centres de données régionaux au Canada, aux États-Unis, au Royaume-Uni et en Australie, mais cela peut changer de temps à autre. Si nous n’avons pas de centre de données dans la région de l’Abonné, les Données relatives au Patient seront stockées dans notre centre de données canadien, sauf demande contraire de l’Abonné. Veuillez noter que nous utilisons des fournisseurs de services basés aux États-Unis pour les rappels de rendez-vous envoyés par SMS et que, par conséquent, les Données relatives au Patient contenues dans ces rappels de rendez-vous transiteront et pourront être stockées temporairement aux États-Unis. De même, le service de télésanté de groupe est facilité par un fournisseur qui utilise le centre de données disponible le plus proche pour assurer la qualité des appels ; par conséquent, dans de tels cas, nous ne garantissons pas que le traitement de vos données restera toujours dans la région que vous avez choisie. Nous exigeons de tous nos centres de données et fournisseurs de services qu’ils maintiennent un niveau élevé de sécurité et qu’ils se conforment aux lois applicables en matière de protection de la vie privée.
Droits des Patients. Les Patients ont certains droits en ce qui concerne leurs Données, qui peuvent inclure la connaissance des informations dont dispose votre clinique Abonnée à votre sujet, la correction de toute Donnée  inexacte, l’obtention d’un enregistrement de vos Données, et, dans certaines circonstances, la suppression ou le retrait de vos Données. Veuillez noter que les Abonnés ont des obligations légales et réglementaires strictes en ce qui concerne les Données relatives aux Patients et qu’ils ne sont pas toujours autorisés à supprimer ou à retirer les Données relatives aux Patients.
Questions sur les Données relatives aux Patients. Si vous avez des questions sur vos Données relatives aux Patients  ou si vous souhaitez exercer l’un de vos droits en tant que Patient, veuillez contacter votre clinique ou praticien Abonné. Si votre clinique ou praticien Abonné a des questions sur la gestion des Données relatives au Patient dans les Services, il peut nous contacter et nous l’aiderons si nécessaire à répondre à votre demande. Veuillez noter que, afin de maintenir une sécurité stricte de vos Données Patient, nous ne pouvons accéder aux Données relatives aux Patients que sur instruction du titulaire du compte de l’Abonné. Si vos questions concernent les Données d’authentification de vos Patients, vous pouvez nous contacter directement et nous répondrons à votre demande.
Partage de vos informations
Nous ne vendons ni ne distribuons les informations personnelles à des tiers à des fins commerciales ou de marketing. Nous ne partagerons les informations personnelles que nous recueillons que dans les circonstances suivantes:
Fournisseurs et prestataires de services. Afin d’exploiter notre entreprise et de fournir les Services à nos Abonnés et à leurs utilisateurs, nous pouvons être amenés à partager une quantité limitée d’informations personnelles, y compris les données relatives aux Patients, avec nos fournisseurs et prestataires de services tiers. Avant de partager des informations personnelles, nous nous assurons que les tiers qui les reçoivent ont mis en place des garanties appropriées et que les droits à la vie privée sont protégés et préservés. Voici quelques-uns des domaines dans lesquels nous faisons appel à des fournisseurs et prestataires de services tiers:
nos centres de données où sont stockées toutes les données de la plateforme;
les services d’assistance à la clientèle qui nous aident à recueillir les commentaires et à gérer nos services d’assistance;
les services de communication pour l’envoi d’avis ou de rappels par courrier électronique ou par SMS;
les processeurs de paiement.
Une liste des sous-traitants que nous utilisons pour le traitement des données des Abonnés est disponible
ici
.
Transactions d’entreprise. Nous pouvons partager des informations personnelles dans le cadre de la négociation ou de la réalisation d’un financement ou d’une acquisition de notre entreprise, d’une fusion ou d’un regroupement avec une autre entreprise, ou d’une vente de tout ou partie des actifs de notre entreprise. Avant de partager des informations personnelles, nous nous assurerons que les engagements de confidentialité et de non-divulgation appropriés sont en place. Nous ne partagerons pas les données des Patients dans ces circonstances.
Respect des lois. Nous pouvons divulguer des informations personnelles à des autorités gouvernementales ou judiciaires (pour répondre à une demande, à des citations à comparaître, à des enregistrements ou à des procédures légales) ou à d’autres tiers (comme l’exige la loi, pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales et réglementaires, ou pour protéger et sécuriser nos intérêts, nos droits et nos actifs), pour appliquer des exigences de sécurité ou pour répondre à une urgence dont nous pensons, en toute bonne foi, qu’elle exige que nous divulguions des informations personnelles. Nous pouvons également être amenés à divulguer des informations personnelles pour faire respecter nos droits, pour appliquer les exigences de sécurité ou pour répondre à une situation d’urgence qui, selon nous et en toute bonne foi, exige que nous divulguions des informations personnelles. Dans de tels cas, nous examinons attentivement la demande pour nous assurer qu’elle est conforme à la législation applicable ; si nous considérons que la demande est trop large, nous pouvons essayer de la restreindre pour minimiser la portée de la demande et, si cela est autorisé, nous ferons tous les efforts raisonnables pour vous donner autant de préavis et de détails que possible concernant la divulgation de vos informations personnelles, les informations qui ont été divulguées et les raisons de cette divulgation. Nous ne divulguerons pas les données relatives aux Patients à moins d’y être légalement obligés.
Données d’authentification du Patient. Jane ne partagera pas vos Données d’authentification du Patient avec les Abonnés auxquels vous avez choisi, en tant que Patient, de lier votre compte.
Données anonymisées / agrégées. Jane peut utiliser des algorithmes générés par ordinateur pour recueillir des informations anonymes et agrégées à partir des Données d’un Abonné afin de contribuer au développement et à l’amélioration continus des services, ainsi qu’à des fins d’analyse ou de compilation de données statistiques. Nous veillerons à ce que ces informations anonymes et individualisées ne soient pas communiquées à l’extérieur de Jane sans le consentement de l’Abonné, mais nous sommes autorisés à partager des analyses globales sur l’utilisation des services.
Sécurité
Nous prenons des mesures raisonnables, y compris des barrières pare-feu, des techniques de cryptage SSL/TLS et des procédures d’authentification, pour aider à protéger les informations personnelles contre la perte accidentelle, le vol, l’utilisation abusive et l’accès, la divulgation, l’altération et la destruction non autorisés. En outre, nous limitons l’accès aux données des Abonnés aux employés, agents, sous-traitants et autres tiers qui ont un besoin professionnel de les connaître. Nous protégeons vos informations personnelles, y compris les Données relatives aux Patients stockées sur notre plateforme:
en utilisant des contrôles de sécurité standard tels que le cryptage et un certificat SSL (Secured Sockets Layers) pour s’assurer que les informations sont transmises via une connexion sécurisée entre votre navigateur et notre serveur web;
en utilisant des centres de données à la pointe de la technologie et disposant des certifications de sécurité et de conformité appropriées, telles que ISO-27001, SOC 2, etc.;
en faisant signer à notre personnel des accords de confidentialité stricts et suivre des formations périodiques pour s’assurer qu’il comprend la nature confidentielle des données que nous traitons et qu’il n’accède à votre compte que lorsque vous nous demandez de l’aide;
en exigeant que votre compte d’utilisateur soit protégé par un mot de passe que vous définissez vous-même. Nous ne pouvons pas accéder à votre mot de passe ni l’identifier. Le seul moyen de récupérer un mot de passe est d’initier une réinitialisation via l’adresse de courriel ou le numéro de téléphone portable que vous utilisez pour les services.
Bien que nous utilisions des mesures standard pour protéger vos informations, aucune communication électronique ne peut être totalement sécurisée. Vous partagez la responsabilité de la protection de vos informations personnelles en définissant un mot de passe fort et en gardant votre nom d’utilisateur et votre mot de passe confidentiels, ainsi qu’en utilisant les fonctions de sécurité à votre disposition et en fonction de vos besoins.
Période de stockage
Nous ne conservons les informations personnelles que pendant la durée nécessaire à la réalisation des objectifs que nous nous sommes fixés, ou pendant la durée requise par la législation applicable. Par exemple, les informations de contact et de facturation sont conservées aussi longtemps que le compte d’un Abonné est actif et pendant une période raisonnable après sa désactivation, au cas où vous ou votre Abonné souhaiteriez réactiver le compte, ainsi que pour Jane, afin de satisfaire aux exigences légales et aux politiques internes de conservation des dossiers. Les informations relatives aux comptes d’utilisateurs peuvent également être conservées si cela s’avère nécessaire pour se conformer à nos obligations légales, résoudre des litiges ou maintenir notre relation avec un Abonné.
Si vous êtes un Patient de l’une des cliniques Abonnées, veuillez contacter votre clinique ou votre praticien pour obtenir des informations sur la période de stockage de vos Données relatives au Patient.
Transferts internationaux
Les informations personnelles peuvent être transférées et traitées au Canada et aux États-Unis. Avant de transférer vos informations personnelles, nous nous assurons que des garanties appropriées sont en place et que vos droits à la vie privée sont protégés et préservés. Ces garanties peuvent inclure l’existence d’une décision d’adéquation de l’UE, la certification et l’adhésion au cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis, au cadre de protection des données Suisse-États-Unis et à l’extension britannique du cadre de protection des données UE-États-Unis, aux clauses contractuelles types approuvées par la Commission européenne, à l’Accord international de transfert de données approuvé par le bureau du Commissaire à l’information du Royaume-Uni, à des règles d’entreprise contraignantes ou à d’autres mécanismes juridiques visant à protéger les informations à caractère personnel transférées.
Vos droits
Les individus ont certains droits en ce qui concerne leurs informations personnelles. Ces droits sont énoncés ci-dessous. Si vous êtes un Patient de l’une des cliniques Abonnées, veuillez contacter votre clinique ou votre praticien pour exercer l’un de ces droits concernant vos Données relatives au Patient. Pour exercer vos droits sur vos Données d’authentification du Patient, veuillez nous contacter.
Correction et suppression. Nous fournirons des efforts raisonnables pour nous assurer que les informations personnelles que nous recueillons auprès de vous sont exactes et complètes. Vous pouvez mettre à jour, corriger ou supprimer les informations de votre compte à tout moment en vous connectant à votre compte d’utilisateur et en modifiant vos informations personnelles, y compris vos préférences pour recevoir des messages de notre part. Vous pouvez également mettre à jour, corriger ou supprimer vos informations personnelles en nous contactant comme indiqué ci-dessous.
Retrait du consentement. Lorsque nous nous sommes basés sur votre consentement pour utiliser vos informations personnelles, vous avez le droit de retirer ce consentement à tout moment en nous contactant comme indiqué ci-dessous, ce que nous ferons rapidement. En outre, tous nos messages électroniques de marketing contiennent la possibilité de se désinscrire automatiquement de nos listes de diffusion et de nos messages de marketing.
Accès et portabilité. Vous avez le droit de demander un relevé des informations personnelles que nous avons collectées à votre sujet et de demander que ces informations soient fournies dans un format électronique structuré et utilisé (lorsque cela est applicable et techniquement possible). Dans certains cas, nous ne pouvons pas vous fournir certaines informations vous concernant si cela implique la divulgation des informations personnelles d’une autre personne ou d’autres informations confidentielles, ou si cela compromet nos systèmes de sécurité. Si vous souhaitez accéder à vos informations personnelles, veuillez nous contacter. Nous vous répondrons dans les trente (30) jours suivant la réception de votre demande. Nous pouvons facturer des frais lorsque la loi applicable le permet.
Restriction et objection. Dans certaines circonstances limitées, les personnes résidant dans l’UE, en Suisse ou au Royaume-Uni peuvent nous demander de restreindre l’utilisation de leurs informations personnelles et, lorsque nous nous appuyons sur des intérêts légitimes comme base juridique de l’utilisation de vos informations personnelles, vous avez le droit de vous opposer à une telle utilisation. Dans ces cas, il peut nous être demandé de ne plus utiliser vos informations personnelles ; toutefois, cela peut signifier que certains éléments de nos services ne peuvent pas être mis à votre disposition. Si vous souhaitez exercer votre droit de restriction ou d’opposition, veuillez
nous contacter
.
Réclamations. Vous avez le droit de déposer une plainte auprès d’une autorité de contrôle (c’est-à-dire l’autorité publique indépendante chargée de surveiller les lois sur la protection des données dans votre pays). Vous pouvez également contacter le commissaire à l’information et à la protection de la vie privée de la Colombie-Britannique
pour les questions relatives à la Colombie-Britannique
ou le Commissaire à la protection de la vie privée du Canada
pour les questions internationales et interprovinciales
.
Nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions ou préoccupations relativement à notre Énoncé de confidentialité et nos pratiques concernant la protection de la vie privée, veuillez nous contacter au:
Jane Software Inc. 
500 - 138 13th St E.  
North Vancouver, BC
V7L 0E5 Canada 
Tel: 844-310-5263
Email: privacy@jane.app

Attention: Privacy Officer - Jonathan Friesen, Director of Operations
privacy@jane.app
Mis à jour en février 2025