Get earthquake and tsunami alerts.
Signup now (FREE)
If you like this content, help us spread awareness
If you like this content, like us on Facebook :)
or follow us on Twitter!
This policy covers user privacy, system security, and information collection practices. This Privacy Policy Statement applies only to the SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com website. Some websites linked to SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com may have other information collection practices. You are encouraged to check Privacy Policies when going to another web site.
These World Wide Web pages of the SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com site are provided as a public service by AccountsPal Inc.(Owner), a company with main office located in 6 Plymouth Drive, Livingston NJ 07039, United States.
Information presented on these pages is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of appropriate byline/photo/image credits is requested.
Data Management
SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com web server automatically collects information for site management and for statistical purposes. This computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
When visiting the Site, a record of your visit is logged. The following information provided by your browser is recorded:
the type of browser you are using;
the date and time of your visit;
your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc.);
the address of the referring site;
your IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet: usually one of your service providers' machines);
the address of the pages accessed and any documents downloaded.
No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, unless disclosure is required by law or due to a mandatory requirement of a Court, Government Agency or Regulatory Authority in the course of a legally enforced investigation.
Mobile Phone/SMS Privacy Terms
No mobile information will be shared with third parties/affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. All the above categories exclude text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties.
The use of "cookies"
A cookie is an electronic token that is passed between browser and server to transfer small amounts of information. They are used to maintain site information as you navigate different pages on a web site or return to the web site at a later time.
SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com does not use "persistent cookies" or other persistent tracking technology.
Collection of Personal Information
All the information users submit to SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com is done on a voluntary basis. When users submit personal information by filling any web form on the site, they are indicating voluntarily consent to the conditions outlined in this policy. We do not collect personally identifiable information (e.g., name, address, phone number, e-mail address) unless you provide it. In all cases, the information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
On request, we will provide you with access to any information collected about you through this  website in accordance with Information Privacy Principle 6, Privacy Act 1988. Users may revise the personal information submitted to the website in their User Account page; users may add / modify / delete such information anytime, at their sole discretion. If users fail to login to their account, they may contact us to request support to the account.
When users subscribe to one of our membership Plans (Free, Solo, You&Me,Family) and / or interact with any of our web forms:
we will record the personal information provided by users (for example first name, surname, address, telephone number, etc.);
we will only use this information for the purpose for which you provided it.
only The Owner authorized staff will have access to this;
we will not disclose it without your consent, except where The Owner may be required by law to disclose certain information.
How e-mail is handled
We use information you send us by e-mail only for the purpose for which it is submitted (e.g., to answer a question, to send information). In addition, if you do choose to provide information, it is only used to respond to your or to provide a service you are requesting (e.g., email notifications). Information we receive by e-mail is disclosed to the public only pursuant to the laws and policies governing the dissemination of information.
Users must be aware that, when they e-mail us:
we will record their e-mail address;
we will only use their e-mail address for the purpose for which users  provided it;
the email address will not be added to a mailing list unless users requested it;
we will not disclose it without their consent, except where The Owner may be required by law to disclose certain information.
How information is used
The information collected on the website is used for a variety of purposes (e.g., account creation, subscription to newsletters, message postings on forms, feedback forms). We make every effort to clearly disclose at the point of collection how information is used and allow our Web site visitor
                            to determine whether they wish to provide the information.
How long information is retained
We destroy the information we collect when the purpose for which it was provided has been fulfilled unless we are required to keep it longer by statute, policy or both.
Interaction with Children
The website offers educational content to children under 13. No personally identifiable information is collected from these visitors unless voluntarily submitted as a request for information or services. The information collected is used to respond to user inquiries or to provide services requested by our users.
Privacy Act System of Records
The website does not maintain and retrieve information submitted to it based upon personal identifiers (name, email addresses, etc.). Consequently, we do not use or collect information for any Privacy Act System of Records.
Facebook & Social Networks
The website administrators maintain official webpages on Facebook and other social networks. Our intention with these Pages is to encourage conversation between SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com and the public as well as sharing real time information. Your use of Facebook and other websites is subject to the privacy policies of Facebook's (
www.Facebook.com/privacy/
) and the other sites'. Facebook provides a number of privacy settings and controls to allow you to manage how your personal information is shared with others.
Information Protection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the information on our Web
                            sites. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20.
Dispute Resolution
If for some reason you believe this site has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at
info@SMS-Tsunami-Warning.com
. If our web pages are not fully in compliance with our stated policies, they will be corrected.
Last updated on 23th of March, 2018.
{{title}}
{{magnitude}} Richter
{{depth}} km
{{time}}
{{title}}
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgot account?
Create new account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies