Effective Date: March 21, 2020
Welcome to Mature app - the EXCLUSIVE mature dating app for mature singles looking for online dating / friendship or marriage.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") explains how  information is collected, used and disclosed by Mature. With respect to your  access and use of Mature's services, whether through our websites (located at https://maturedating.app), Mature's mobile applications (Mature) or in connection  with social networking services (together referred to below as "Mature"  or the "Service").
We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding  the personal information that we collect from Users of the Mature Services.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and forms part of our
Terms of Service
, which outline the terms and conditions you agree to when  accessing and using the Mature Services. By accessing and using the Mature  Software and/or by registering and using the Mature Services, you agree and  consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as  outlined in this Privacy Policy.
1. The personal information we collect when you using our service:
a) Information You Provide.
We may collect personal information from you when you  voluntarily provide it to us through a number of features available on the Mature  Software. For example, when you register, use, pay to use or subscribe to any  of our Mature Services or take part in any interactive features of the Mature  Services (such as any contests, games, promotions, quizzes, surveys, research  or other services or features), we collect a variety of personal information  directly from you or when you authorize us to access certain personal information. This  information includes your birth date, name, age, gender, photographs,  lifestyle, physical appearance, relationship intentions, bio, religion,  political views, dating gender preference, education, language, interests  (movies, TV shows, books, etc.) and profile pictures, valid email address and  phone number, and your choice of username and password when you register for a Mature  Account via email, etc. You may also be asked to validate your Mature  Account via email, SMS or photo with required posture. We  retain passwords in hashed format only.
b) We  may also ask for other personal information as indicated on the relevant forms  on the Mature Services. Where possible, on these forms we will indicate  which fields are required and which fields are optional.
c) In  addition, as you use the Mature Services, you can from time to time enter or  send to us personal information such as sending us feedback via email. Our  primary purpose in collecting personal information from you is to provide you  with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to  provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to  customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect  personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this  purpose. Once registered, you are no longer anonymous to us and you can review  and change certain personal information such as your bio and gender in the Edit  Profile settings area.
d) Information From Content You Post.  When you post  photos or other content to the Mature Services, we collect information such  as the time and date the content was taken or uploaded. We reserve the right to  collect data on how you use them, who views them or with whom you share.
e) Geolocation Data.  When you use the Mature  Services, we will collect your location information to determine your distance  from other Users (" Distance Information ") through GPS, Wi-Fi and  other cellular technology in your mobile device or through an Internet Protocol  (" IP address ") address (which is a number that is automatically  assigned to your computer or mobile device when you use the Internet, which may  vary from session to session). Your last known location is stored on our  servers for the purpose of calculating Distance Information between you and  other Users. We will also collect your mobile device's geographic location data  (including GPS) or your computer's geographic location data while the Mature  Service is actively running.
f) Information Automatically Collected.  When you access  the Mature Services, we automatically record information from your computer  and/or mobile device and its software, such as your IP address, browser type,  Internet service provider, platform type, the site from which you came and the  site to which you are going when you leave, date and time stamp and one or more  Cookies (as defined below) that may uniquely identify your browser or your Mature  Account. Your mobile device's unique device ID is unique to the mobile device  on which you install the Mature Services (" Device ID " and "  Mobile Device ", respectively). For example, if you installed the Mature  app on an Apple Device, we store your identifier for vendor. We create a hashed  version of your Device ID and use your hashed Device ID to log you into the Mature  Services. We store your Device ID and/or your hashed Device ID with other  information we collect about you, including your Mature Account and profile  information and your Message information. We will also collect certain software  and hardware information about your Mobile Device. When applicable, we will  also receive or collect identification numbers associated with your Mobile  Device (such as an Open UDID), mobile carrier, device type, firmware version  and manufacturer and other diagnostic Mobile Device information.
g) Information About How You Use The Mature Services.   Additionally, we also automatically track certain personal information  about you based upon your behaviour on the Mature Services, including  information about your computer or Mobile Device and your activities. We create  a tracking ID unique to each Mature Account for internal tracking purposes.  We use this information to do internal research on our Users' demographics,  interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve you and our  community. This may include information such as the pages and profiles you  view, how you browse the Mature Services, your Mature Coin balance and  purchases you make through the Mature Services. It can also include the  various functions and features that you use, such as Messages (as defined  below), the connections you make, other friends or contacts you invite to the Mature  Services and profile searches you perform, or your general use of the Mature  Services.
h) Log Files.  To make the Mature Services more useful  to you, our servers or analytic partners, when applicable, collect log files  that contain personal information listed in Section 1(e) for diagnostic  purposes. We reserve the right to also use Cookies (as described below) and URL  information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and  the information for which you searched and which you viewed. " Cookies  " are tiny computer files that a website sends to your computer or Mobile  Device while you are viewing a website. We may use Cookies to provide you with  a more personal and interactive experience on the Mature Services. If you  choose to disable Cookies, some areas or features of the Mature Services may  not work properly.
i) Messages.  When you send a message (which may include  text, photos, audio or video) to other Users of the Mature Services, we will  retain the messages (" Messages ") as required by the operation of  the Mature Services.
j) Surveys.  When you participate in one of our surveys  (which may be provided by a third party service provider), we may collect  additional personal information that you provide through the survey. The third  party survey provider's privacy policy applies to its collection, use and  disclosure of your personal information.
k) Purchases.  If you purchase any of the Paid Mature  Services (as defined in our
Terms  of Service
) through your  Google Play account and/or Apple iTunes account, Mature will collect the  iTunes unique transaction IDs and receipts data. Mature does not receive or  process credit card information and asks you to use your Apple iTunes account  to purchase Paid Mature Services on Apple devices. If you wish to use your  Apple iTunes to purchase Paid Mature Services, please review Apple's privacy  policies at
http://www.apple.com/privacy
or as  otherwise available to better understand Apple's privacy practices.
l) Your Communications With Us And Other Users.  We  collect communications you send to us (such as emails), comments that you post  on the pages that we have on a third-party service such as our Instagram,  Pinterest, Twitter and Facebook channels, and messages or communications you  send to us directly through those services. We may also collect any comments,  photos, messages or other content or communications you and other Users share  on the Mature Services. If you provide us feedback or contact us via email  (e.g., for support), we will collect your name and email address, as well as  any other content included in the email in order to send you a reply. If you  contact us for support, we may also collect and retain certain technical  diagnostic data (e.g., your Mobile Device model).
m) Third-Party Social Networking Sites. When you have enabled  the use of the Mature Services through a third-party social networking site  or similar site or mobile site or other application (a " Social Networking  Site "), such as Facebook, Google+ or Twitter, you permit Mature to  access certain personal information about you that is made available to Mature  through or from that Social Networking Site. The personal information obtained  by Mature varies by Social Networking Site and may be affected by the  privacy settings that you establish at that Social Networking Site, but can  include information such as your name, profile picture, network, gender,  username, user ID, age or birthday, language, location, country, interests,  contacts list, friends lists or followers and other information. By accessing  or using the Mature Services through a Social Networking Site, you are authorizing  Mature to collect, use, store, and disclose, in accordance with this Privacy  Policy, any and all of your information that Mature has obtained from the  Social Networking Site, including to create a profile and Mature Account for  you. Depending on the Social Networking Site and your privacy settings, Mature  may also post information to your Social Networking Site. Mature is able to  access this information when you click or otherwise agree to " accept  " or " allow " or " go to " (or other similar terms)  the Mature Services on a Social Networking Site or otherwise permit the  transfer of information to Mature from such site. If there is information  about your " friends " or people you are associated with in your  Social Networking Site account, the information that we obtain about those  persons may also depend on the privacy settings that such people have with the  applicable Social Networking Site. You acknowledge and agree that Mature is  not responsible for, and has no control over, your Social Networking Site  account or any applicable privacy settings on any Social Networking Sites  (including any settings related to any messages or advertisements about Mature  that the Social Networking Site may send to you or your friends). You should  always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on Social  Networking Sites before getting or using applications such as ours or linking  or connecting your Social Networking Site account to the Mature Services.  You may also unlink your Social Networking Site account from the Mature Services  by adjusting your settings on the Social Networking Site.
n) Information Provided By Others.  We may be provided  with information relating to you or your conduct on the Mature Services by  other Users of the Mature Services. We also collect information that  third-party organizations may provide to us, such as demographic information or  fraud prevention information.
2. How do we use the information that we collect?
We use your personal information for the purposes described  in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you in connection with the Mature  Services. These purposes include:
a) Providing the Requested Mature Services:  We use  your personal information to administer and maintain your Mature Account and  generally provide the functions and features that are part of the Mature  Services (including providing communications as described below).
b) Analyzing and Develop Our Products and Services:  We  use your personal information to develop, deliver, measure, monitor, analyze  and improve the Mature Services and develop new products and services.
c) Communicate With You:  We use your personal  information to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer  service, to provide any messaging or communications associated with the  functions and features of the Mature Services (including by email), to keep  you posted on our latest product or service announcements or updates, software  updates, security alerts and any technical notices and to provide you with  support and administrative messages. If you do not wish to receive email from Mature  you may opt-out by following the instructions included in each communication or  by contacting Mature support at contact us section of our app.
d) Protect the Mature Services and Mature's Property:   We use your personal information to detect and prevent abusive,  fraudulent, malicious or potentially illegal activities, and to protect the  rights, safety or property of Mature and our Users.
e) Geographical Or GPS Location-Based Services:  We may  use your personal information to provide features of the Mature Services  that may be relevant to you and your geographical location or GPS information.
f) Additional Uses:  We may use your personal  information to perform other functions as may otherwise be described to you at  the time of collection or as enabled by you in relation to the Mature  Services.
3. How do we disclose your information?
The Mature Services allow you to share personal  information about yourself with other individuals and other companies,  including other Users and potential Users of the Mature Services. Please  consider your own privacy and personal safety when sharing your information  with anyone, including information you share through your profile. Profiles may  include certain personal information that was provided at registration, and  other information added by you (e.g., your bio), as well as information about  your use of the Mature Services (e.g., whether you were recently logged in  to the Mature Services).  for tips on using the Mature  Services.
Please be advised that information on your profile, including any personal  information, is viewable by other Users. We do not control who reads the  information that you share or what others may do with this information, so we  encourage you to use discretion and caution with respect to your personal  information. Also, if you wish to share information about other Users, please  consider their safety and privacy and get their consent before sharing.
Except as described below, we do not sell, transfer or otherwise disclose to  third parties the personal information we collect through the Mature  Services. At times we may share personal information with third parties as  follows:
1.With third party vendors, consultants, business partners and  other service providers (" Third Party Providers ") that perform  services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may  include identifying and serving advertisements, providing fraud detection  services or providing analytics services;
2.With Third Party Providers that offer a service to you  jointly with us, for example, if we run a contest or promotion.
Any Third Party Providers that have access to personal  information are chosen carefully by us and are required to have privacy and  security standards that meet our requirements. We use contracts and other  measures with our Third Party Providers to maintain the confidentiality and  security of Users' personal information and to prevent personal information  from being used for any other purpose, including for any advertising or other  commercial purposes. However, you should know that Third Party Providers  performing services on our behalf may store, transfer and process personal  information on servers located outside of Canada, in jurisdictions (including  the United States) whose data protection laws differ from those of Canada. As a  result, personal information may be subject to access requests from  governments, courts, or law enforcement in those jurisdictions according to  laws in those jurisdictions. For example, information may be shared in response  to valid demands or requests from government authorities, courts and law  enforcement officials in those countries. Subject to applicable laws in such  other jurisdictions, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that appropriate  protections are in place to require our Third Party Providers to maintain  protections on personal information that are equivalent to those that apply in  Canada.
We also reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about  you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or  assets to a third party, in connection with any company transaction, such as a  merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control  or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third  party or in the event of bankruptcy, dissolution, divestiture or any related or  similar proceedings.
We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose to which you  consent.
We reserve the right to share aggregated information (not linked to your  personal information) with others that is not personal information or that is  in an aggregated or anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you  directly as an individual.
Note that the term " third party " does not include  companies in the same group of companies as Mature, which includes our  subsidiaries (that is, any organization we own or control) or our ultimate  holding company (that is, any organization that owns or controls us) and any  subsidiaries that our holding company owns. Unless otherwise indicated, these  companies will use your personal information as described under this Privacy  Policy.
4. Our retention of your information
We retain personal information for only as long as required  to fulfill the identified purposes for which it was collected, and for a  reasonable time thereafter, or as required by law. Mature has retention  standards which meet these requirements. Mature destroys your personal  information following the end of our retention period, when it is no longer  needed, or when we remove your name from the information. We assume no  obligation or guarantee to archive any information and do not warrant that any  archived information will later be made available to you.
You may deactivate your Mature Account at any time by accessing  "Settings" and selecting deactivate account or by emailing our  support team at contact us section on our app.
For greater clarity, Messages, photos, videos, text, comments and certain other  information sent to Users may remain on the Mature Services after you  deactivate your Mature Account.
5. Legal requests; emergencies; jurisdictions:
We cooperate with bona fide law enforcement inquiries and  demands for information as required by law. We are also cognizant of the need  to address emergencies. Therefore, we may disclose your personal information  (a) to any governmental authority as part of an investigation to determine our  compliance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation (including privacy  laws, rules, and regulations); (b) in response to a court order, subpoena,  discovery request, or other lawful judicial or administrative proceeding; (c)  as otherwise required under any applicable law, rule, or regulation; (d) in  good faith, to protect or defend our rights or property or those of other Users  or investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or  allegations; (e) enforce our Terms of Service, including the investigation of  potential violations thereof; or (f) detect, prevent or otherwise address  criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.
In some cases, personal information that we collect may be stored or processed  by us outside of Canada in jurisdictions whose data protection laws may differ  from Canada. In such cases, we will continue to protect the information with  appropriate safeguards through contract and otherwise use reasonable efforts to  ensure that appropriate protections are in place, but you acknowledge that your  personal information may be subject to the governments, courts, law enforcement  officials, national security authorities and laws of those countries.
6. Security:
Mature takes your privacy concerns seriously and strives  to protect your personal information against unauthorized access, disclosure,  inappropriate alteration and misuse. For security we use the Secure Sockets  Layer (SSL/TLS) protocol for any transactions that send personal information.  This encryption process protects your information, by scrambling it before it  is sent to us from your Mobile Device or computer. We also make reasonable  effort to ensure the security of your personal information on our system using  available protection technology. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the  Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we make no  representations or warranties as to the security of any information that you  submit to us electronically in connection with the Mature Services, which  you do at your own risk.
7. Advertising and Third Party Advertising Networks
We may use or share certain information with online  advertising networks or similar third party vendors that display ads through  the Mature Services, or to our Users. Typically, the information we share is  provided through Cookies or similar technologies and is used to recognize the  device or browser you are using. We or the online advertising networks use this  information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your  interests.
8. Access to your information and account management
You may access and change your Mature Account information  at any time by visiting the " Edit Profile " and " Settings  " sections of your Mature Account or the Social Networking Sites that  you have connected to the Mature Services. You may also contact us for assistance  using the details below if you want to access or change your Mature Account  information or close your Mature Account.
9. Age restrictions
You are required to be at least 18 years old to use Mature  so we do not intentionally collect personal information from anyone under 18,  and no one under 18 should attempt to submit any personal information to Mature.  If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please immediately click on  the Report button located in the drop down menu on a User's profile or contact  us using the details of the user.
10. Links to third party websites
Use of the Mature Services may allow you to access links  to websites or apps of our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants,  retailers or affiliates and/or to other sites that are independently owned and  operated by third parties. They may have their own privacy policies and are not  governed by this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy  practices or the content of any site(s) owned and operated by any such subsidiaries,  affiliates or third parties and accept no responsibility or liability for their  policies. Please always check the privacy policies that apply to a third party  site before you provide any information to any third party site.
11. YOUR RIGHTS
We want you to be in control of your information, so we have  provided you with the following tools:
·
Access  / Update tools in the service.
Tools  and account settings that help you to access, rectify or delete information  that you provided to us and that’s associated with your account directly within  the service. If you have any question on those tools and settings, please contact our customer care team for help
·
Device  permissions.
Mobile  platforms have permission systems for specific types of device data and  notifications, such as phone book and location services as well as push  notifications. You can change your settings on your device to either consent or  oppose the collection of the corresponding information or the display of the  corresponding notifications. Of course, if you do that, certain services may  lose full functionality.
·
Deletion.
You can delete your account by using the corresponding  functionality directly on the service.
We want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Here are a few  key points to remember:
·
Reviewing  your information.
Applicable  privacy laws may give you the right to review the personal information we keep  about you (depending on the jurisdiction, this may be called right of access,  right of portability or variations of those terms). You can request a copy of  your personal information by sending us an email.
·
Updating  your information.
If  you believe that the information we hold about you is inaccurate or that we are  no longer entitled to use it and want to request its rectification, deletion or  object to its processing, please contact us
For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we  may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above  requests.
Keep in mind, we may reject requests for certain reasons,  including if the request is unlawful or if it may infringe on trade secrets or  intellectual property or the privacy of another user. If you wish to receive  information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you  received from him or her through our service, the other user will have to  contact our Privacy Officer to provide their written consent before the information  is released.
Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to  object to the processing of personal information, notably where such requests  would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we  cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth.
·
Uninstall.
You can stop all information collection by an app by  uninstalling it using the standard uninstall process for your device. If you  uninstall the app from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated  with your device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application  on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to  your previous transactions and activities.
·
Accountability.
In certain countries, including in the European Union,  you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection  authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information.  The data protection authority you can lodge a complaint with notably may be that  of your habitual residence, where you work or where we are established.
12. RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA
If you are a California resident, you can request a notice  disclosing the categories of personal information about you that we have shared  with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding  calendar year. To request this notice, please submit your request via contact us section on our app. Please allow 30 days for a response. For your protection and  the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity  before we can answer such a request.
13. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We work hard to protect you from unauthorized access to or  alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information. As with all  technology companies, although we take steps to secure your information, we do  not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information will  always remain secure.
We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities  and attacks and regularly review our information collection, storage and  processing practices to update our physical, technical and organizational  security measures.
We may suspend your use of all or part of the services without  notice if we suspect or detect any breach of security. If you believe that your  account or information is no longer secure, please notify us immediately
14. HOW LONG WE RETAIN YOUR  INFORMATION
We keep your personal information only as long as we need it  for legitimate business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. To protect  the safety and security of our users on and off our services, we implement a  safety retention window of six months following account deletion. During this  period, account information will be retained although the account will of  course not be visible on the services anymore.
In practice, we delete or anonymize your information upon  deletion of your account (following the safety retention window) or after two  years of continuous inactivity, unless:
1. we must keep it to comply with applicable law (for  instance, some “traffic data” is kept for one year to comply with statutory  data retention obligations);
2. we must keep it to evidence our compliance with  applicable law (for instance, records of consents to our Terms, Privacy Policy  and other similar consents are kept for five years);
3. there is an outstanding issue, claim or dispute  requiring us to keep the relevant information until it is resolved; or
4. the information must be kept for our legitimate  business interests, such as fraud prevention and enhancing users' safety and  security. For example, information may need to be kept to prevent a user who  was banned for unsafe behavior or security incidents from opening a new  account.
Keep in mind that even though our systems are designed to carry  out data deletion processes according to the above guidelines, we cannot  promise that all data will be deleted within a specific timeframe due to  technical constraints.
15. Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is Mature's privacy commitment to you  with respect to the Mature Services. If you have questions about this  Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer as described in Section 12  below. Mature reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time  without specific notice or obligation to you. If we make changes to this  Privacy Policy, we will change the " Last Updated " date above and  will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page. We may also provide other  methods of notice or request your consent depending on the circumstances.
Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised  Privacy Policy. Your continued access to, or use of, the Mature Services  after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the Privacy Policy as  revised.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.apple.com/privacy:
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
Privacy. That’s Apple.
Privacy.
That’s Apple.
Privacy is a fundamental human right. It’s also one of our core values. Which is why we design our products and services to protect it. That’s the kind of innovation we believe in.
Apple Intelligence.
Great powers come
with great privacy.
Apple Intelligence is the personal intelligence system that helps you write, express yourself, and get things done effortlessly. With groundbreaking privacy protections, it gives you peace of mind that no one else can access your data — not even Apple.
On-device
processing
allows Apple Intelligence to be aware of your data without collecting your data.
On-device processing
The cornerstone of Apple Intelligence is on‑device processing, which gives Apple Intelligence the ability to fulfill many of your requests without leaving your device.
Deeply integrated into your iPhone, iPad, and Mac
Powered by Apple silicon
Designed to protect your privacy at every step
Private Cloud Compute
extends the privacy of Apple devices for more complex requests.
Private Cloud Compute
Some requests require more computational power than what fits in your pocket. For these more complex requests, Apple Intelligence can draw on Private Cloud Compute and extend the privacy of your Apple devices to Apple silicon servers.
Your data is only used for your requests
Your data is never stored or made accessible to anyone
Independent experts can verify its privacy promise
Available now
*
Learn more about Apple Intelligence
Discover everyday privacy protections.
Locked and Hidden Apps.
Choose
what’s
visible.
Locked and Hidden Apps
Locked apps allow you to show your screen to someone while protecting sensitive areas of your phone. For additional privacy, you can hide a locked app. This removes the hidden app’s name and icon from the Home Screen and search results, and pauses its notifications. You can access locked or hidden apps with Face ID, Touch ID, or a passcode.
Private Browsing.
Powerfully
private.
Private Browsing
When you turn on Private Browsing, Safari won’t save the sites you visit, your searches, or any information from forms you fill out. Advanced tracking and fingerprinting protections help prevent websites from tracking or identifying your device. And your private browsing windows automatically lock when you’re not using them.
Passkeys.
Simple.
Secure.
So not a
password
.
Passkeys
A passkey eliminates the need for a password by using a unique digital key that only works from the site or app it was created for, so you don’t have to worry about website leaks or phishing. Passkeys are securely synced across Apple devices. Just use Touch ID or Face ID to authenticate and you’re done.
Lock Hidden Albums.
Keep Hidden
and Recently
Deleted
photos
private.
Lock Hidden Albums
Your Hidden and Recently Deleted albums in Photos are locked by default and can be unlocked using your device’s authentication method — Face ID, Touch ID, or your passcode.
Safety Check.
Take
control
in times of crisis.
Safety Check
Safety Check is a section in Settings that helps people in domestic or intimate partner violence situations quickly reset the access they’ve granted to others. It also helps you manage which people and apps you’ve given access to.
Learn more about personal safety with Apple devices
App Tracking Transparency.
Decide which
apps are
allowed to
track
track
track
track
you.
App Tracking Transparency
Make more informed choices about the apps you use and the permissions you grant them. Apps are required to ask your permission when they want to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies. And you can change your preference for any app or prevent apps from asking for permission entirely in Settings.
Mail Privacy Protection.
Read
Read
,
delete
,
and
reply
with peace
of mind.
Mail Privacy Protection
Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email.
Our apps mind their business. Not yours.
Safari throws trackers off your trail.
Safari
Some websites allow hundreds of different data collection companies to watch you, build a profile of you, and serve you ads as you browse the web. Intelligent Tracking Prevention in Safari uses on-device machine learning to help block those trackers. And you can get a snapshot of all the cross-site trackers Safari is blocking by visiting your Privacy Report in the Safari toolbar.
When you use Private Browsing, the details of your browsing aren’t saved, and the websites you visit aren’t shared with your other Apple devices. And starting with iOS 17, iPadOS 17, and macOS Sonoma, Private Browsing locks your private browsing windows when you’re not using them, completely blocks known trackers from loading on pages, and removes tracking added to URLs as you browse.
View all privacy features
Health keeps your records under wraps.
Health
From your heart rate to your menstrual cycle, apps and devices for your health can give you insight into some of your most personal details. With the Health app, you’re in charge of what information you’d like to include, what not to, and who has access to it.
When you do want to securely share your health data from the Health app with your doctors, they’ll see the data you shared in a dashboard in the provider’s health records system.
All of your data is encrypted and only accessible with your passcode, Touch ID, or Face ID. So however you use the Health app, you’re always in control of your data.
Wallet and Apple Pay help hide what you buy.
Wallet and Apple Pay
When you make a purchase, Apple Pay uses a device-specific number and unique transaction code. So your card number is never stored on your device or on Apple servers. And when you pay, your card numbers are never shared by Apple with merchants.
When you pay with a debit or credit card, Apple Pay doesn’t keep transaction information that can be tied back to you. And when you use Apple Cash, information is stored only for troubleshooting, fraud prevention, and regulatory purposes.
Maps makes your location history, history.
Maps
Where you go says a lot about you. Maps delivers a great experience without Apple knowing which stores, neighborhoods, or clinics you visit. And because Maps doesn’t include a sign-in, where you go isn’t associated with your Apple Account at all.
Personalized features, like locating your parked car, are created right on your device. Data used to improve navigation, such as routes and search terms, is not associated with your identity. Instead, that information is based on random identifiers that are constantly changing.
Photos lets you choose who has the full picture.
Photos
Your photo and video albums are full of precious moments, friends, and your favorite things. Apple devices are designed to give you control over those memories.
Photos is also designed so that the face recognition and scene and object detection — which power features like For You, Memories, Sharing Suggestions, and the People album — happen on device instead of in the cloud. In fact, the A13 Bionic and later chips perform over 100 billion operations per photo to recognize faces and places without ever leaving your device. And when apps request access to your photos, you can share just the images you want — not your entire library.
Messages are only seen by who you send them to.
Messages
From inside jokes to invitations, a lot of life happens in text and video chats. Every blue-bubble message, picture, Animoji, and video is encrypted while being sent between devices.
Smart suggestions in Messages, like pulling up photos to send based on who you’re messaging, are all done on your device.
Siri learns what you need. Not who you are.
Siri
Siri was designed from the beginning to learn your preferences without sharing your identity with Apple or anyone else. You don’t sign in with your Apple Account to use Siri, and the audio of your requests is processed entirely on your device thanks to the power of the Apple Neural Engine.
When Apple does process or store data on our servers, it’s associated with a random identifier — a long string of letters and numbers. That data is used only to improve Siri, and we never share or sell it. Apple doesn’t retain audio of your requests unless you choose to share it with us to improve Siri.
Apple News leaves what you read off the record.
Apple News
Many news sources keep track of your identity and create a profile of you. Apple News delivers personalized content without knowing who you are. The content you read is associated with a random identifier, not your Apple Account.
You get editor-curated content and a personalized newsfeed so you can stay up to date with the latest news and stories. And because Apple News uses machine learning, the more you use it, the better your app gets to know what you like — without Apple ever knowing what you’re into.
App Store shows you what’s in store for your data.
App Store
Every one of the more than 1.8 million apps on the App Store is required to follow strict privacy guidelines and report how it uses your data. And every app is rigorously reviewed by a team of experts at Apple.
When you’re checking out an app, you’ll see its Privacy Nutrition Label to help you decide if it works for you. Apps you choose to download need your permission to access information like your photos or location — and you can always change your mind about what you share. iOS 14.5 and iPadOS 14.5 or later require developers to get your permission before tracking your activity across other companies’ apps and websites for ads or data brokers.
Get the latest on privacy.
Your other browser may be watching you.
Safari actually protects your privacy.
Watch the film
Drop by the Apple Store to learn more about privacy.
Join a 30-minute session and learn how to control your privacy on iPhone.
Join a free session
Discover how Apple Vision Pro protects your data.
Like every Apple product and service, Apple Vision Pro is designed to protect your privacy and keep you in control of your data.
View (PDF)
Protect your data from malware.
Apple’s layers of security and App Store protections help shield you from malware.
View (PDF)
Take charge of how apps use your data.
Every day, people go about their lives unaware that their personal information is being harvested.
View (PDF)
Learn more about privacy at Apple.
Review privacy features
Control what you share
See how apps from Apple
handle your data
Our values lead the way.
Accessibility
Our built-in accessibility features are designed to work the way you do.
Learn more
Environment
We’re committed to bringing our net emissions to zero across our entire carbon footprint by 2030.
Learn more
Racial Equity
and Justice Initiative
We’re addressing systemic racism by expanding opportunities for communities of color globally.
Learn more
Education
We empower students and educators to learn, create, and define their own success.
Learn more
Supply Chain Innovation
We prioritize providing safe, respectful, and supportive workplaces for everyone.
Learn more
Inclusion and Diversity
We’re holding ourselves accountable for creating a culture where everyone belongs.
Learn more