Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
1
Loading…
{"id": "1W74ja0BXxYl0OaydaixFjCY4DAF2S5H7", "title": "privacypolicy.rtf", "mimeType": "text\/rtf"}
Page 1 of 1
Privacy Policy
Giuseppe Migliore built the Bluetooth for Arduino app as a Free app. This
SERVICE is provided by Giuseppe Migliore at no cost and is intended for use as
is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use,
and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of
information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used
for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information
with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
The app does not collect any personally identifiable information.
The app does not use third party services that may collect information used to
identify you.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as
anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites
that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
Service Providers
I do not employ third-party companies and individuals
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to
use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method
of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure
and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you
will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me.
Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I
have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies,
or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review
this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting
the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately
after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate
to contact me at giumigdevelopment@icloud.com.
privacypolicy.rtf
privacypolicy.rtf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Page 1 of 1
Copy
Add a comment