Privacy Policy
Wasdesign, LLC built
Pencil Planner & Draw Calendar
as a Commercial iOS app. This SERVICE is provided by Wasdesign, LLC and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of User Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The User Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at pencilplanner.app unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to Ad attribution data.. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Links to privacy policies of third party service providers used by the app:
Apple
Firebase
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device’s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your User Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your User Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Collection of User Information
Certain information, such as account log-in data, is required to provide you with access to the Service, and other information may be collected automatically as discussed below.
Information collected which you provide to the Service:
The entries, including drawings, attachments, files, tasks, and other content submitted through the Service (collectively, the “Content”);
Information you provide as part of your account registration, which may include your name, organization name, address, telephone number, email address, username and password; optional information that you may choose to provide, such as a photograph or basic demographic data; and, with your permission, calendar information stored on your mobile device that you may elect to upload to your account (collectively, the “Account Information”); and
Information you provide in other interactions with us, such as requests or questions you submit to us via forms or email (e.g., support forms, sales forms, user research participation forms), information you provide in connection with sweepstakes, contests, or research studies in which you choose to participate; beta testing; and requests for customer support and technical assistance (collectively, “Other Information”).
Service Usage Information. As you use the Service, we collect a variety of information about how you use and interact with the Service (“Service Usage Information”). Such information includes:
Device information – when you access the Service using a mobile device, we collect certain device information, including the type of device you are using, its operating system, and mobile network information, which may include your mobile phone number. We may also collect your MAC address and other unique device identifiers.
Log files – when you use the Service, our servers automatically record certain information in server log files. These log files may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type and settings, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, date and time stamp information, language preferences, data from cookies and similar technologies, and other such information.
Location information – we collect and process general information about the location of the device from which you are accessing the Service (e.g., approximate geographic location inferred from an IP address).
Workspace Use Metadata – when you interact with the Service, metadata is generated that provides high-level (non-content) information about the way you work in your Workspace. For example, we may log the number of Workspaces you work in; the number of tasks to which you are assigned; the features and embedded Service content you interact with; the types of files you share; and what, if any, third party services and integrations you use.
Use of User Information
We may use the information collected to:
Maintain, provide, and improve the Service
Respond to your requests for information
Prevent or address technical or security issues and resolve support requests
Investigate in good faith alleged violations of our Terms of Use
Comply with a valid legal subpoena, request, or other lawful process that meets the requirements of our Law Enforcement Guidelines
Help us better understand user interests and needs, and customize the Service for our users
Engage in analysis, research, and reports regarding use of the Service
Protect the Service and our users
Communicate with you via email and through the Service about important notices and updates regarding the Service, such as to inform you about changes in the Service, our service offerings, and important services-related notices, such as about security and fraud. Because these communications are an important part of the Service, you may not opt out of them
In accordance with applicable legal obligations, communicate with you about promotions, offers, and news. You have the ability to unsubscribe from such promotional communications
Legal Bases for Use of Your Information
If you are located in the EU, please note that the legal bases under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) for using the information we collect through your use of the Service are as follows:
Where use of your information is necessary to perform our obligations under a contract with you (for example, to comply with the User Terms of Service which you accept by using the Service)
Where use of your information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (for example, to provide security for our Service; operate our Service; prevent fraud, analyze use of and improve our Service, and for similar purposes)
Where use of your information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation
Where we have your consent to process data in a certain way
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at
support@pencilplanner.app