Privacy Policy
Effective date: April 14, 2020﻿
SWORD AND SCALE (hereinafter, “S&S” and/or “Company”) is committed to safeguarding your privacy. This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes how S&S may collect, use, share, and keep information about you and what choices you have. This Policy applies to S&S’s websites, apps, software platforms, or online offerings (collectively, the “Platform”), and will be available by link on all sites and offerings which it covers. You should review the applicable privacy policy available. By using or accessing the Platform in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in accordance with this Policy.
Your continued use of S&S’s Platform is at all times subject to the Terms and Conditions, which incorporate this Policy. Any terms not defined in this Policy shall have the same definitions given to them in the Terms and Conditions.
S&S reevaluates this Policy on an ongoing basis and reserves the right to change its Policy at any time in its sole discretion. All changes to the terms of this Policy shall be effective as of the date on which they are posted on the Platform. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for any such changes or updates. Your continued use of or access to the Platform or our services following the posting of any changes, modifications, or updates constitutes your express acceptance thereof.
PRIVACY POLICY COVERAGE
This Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that S&S gathers when you are accessing or using our Platform. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally in connection with our Platform, including to enhance and personalize your experience with S&S, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Platform. S&S may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.
S&S’s Platform and offerings are directed to individuals over the age of eighteen (18). They are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age. S&S does not knowingly solicit data online from, or market online to, children under the age of thirteen (13) years. In addition, children under the age of thirteen (13) years are not permitted to submit any personal information to S&S or the Platform. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at
support@swordandscale.com
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USE OF INFORMATION
S&S may gather date, time, information about a user’s browser and system or device configuration and capabilities, navigation history, and IP address for all visitors to the Platform to monitor and track Platform use and traffic patterns in order to provide a more personalized experience on the Platform. S&S may use this information for its internal security audit log, for trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad information about its audiences. However, S&S does not routinely link IP addresses to anything that identifies you as an individual.
S&S may also use cookies and other commonly used data collection technologies on the Platform and in its newsletters and e-mails to collect information on both an aggregate and individual basis.
In addition to the above, we may use the following technologies to automatically collect information about your activities on our Platform: cookies, flash cookies, web beacons, clear pixels, or pixel tags, web server logs, and geo-location technologies.
Having accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via the Platform to:
Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests;
Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoena;
Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties;
Create and manage your account;
Place a product or service order;
Enable features that allow you to share information with other users;
Email you regarding your account;
Enable user-to-user communications;
Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to the Platform more personalized;
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Platform;
Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with the Platform;
Notify you of updates to the Platform;
Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you;
Perform other business activities as needed;
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity;
Process payments and refunds;
Request feedback and contact you about your use of the Platform;
Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
Respond to product and customer service requests;
Send you a newsletter;
Solicit support for the Platform;
“Personal Information” shall refer to information which you provide to us which personally identifies you, and includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, mailing and/or physical address, mobile device number, telephone number, date of birth, your photograph and other information or data that identifies you, which is collected and maintained by us if you have a Registered Account to use and access the Platform, and may otherwise be collected by us through your use and access of the Platform or if you otherwise directly provide such information to us. “Personal Information” may also include information you provide in connection with a payment or banking service (“Payment Service”) offered as a convenience to you in association with the Platform services, whereby you can maintain your credit card or bank account information (each a “Payment Account”) securely with us in connection with your Registered Account. Such information may also include, depending on whether it can be reasonably linked to your other Personal Information or used to identify you, your IP address, MAC address, device-specific information (including hardware information about any device you are using to access or use the Platform, such as your UDID or hardware model information), device type, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, mobile network information, file names and versions, preferred languages, operating system information (including your operating system version), browser type, location information, user preferences, dates and times of use of the Platform, browsing activity and browsing history, and features you have used (collectively, “Usage Data”). Personal Information may also include certain combinations of such information that meets the applicable statutory or other legal definition of “Personal Information” for purposes of breach notification (such information, “Statutory PII”).
Information You Provide to S&S:
We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. We may use any information you provide to us for our business purposes. S&S may collect Personal Information, which may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services. If you provide us your phone number, you may also receive messages that we send you via SMS as part of the normal business operation of your use of the Platform. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing
support@swordandscale.com
.
Information Collected Automatically:
Whenever you interact with our Platform, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, web beacons, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Platform, and the page or feature you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Platform are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. A “web beacon” is an object that is embedded in a page or email and is usually invisible to the user but allows checking whether a user has viewed the page or email.
We may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. We may also use it to improve the Platform as such data can provide us with how often users use a particular feature of the Platform, and S&S can use that knowledge to make the Platform interesting to as many users as possible.
If you click on a link to a third-party website or service, a third party may also transmit cookies to you. This Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and S&S shall not be responsible for third parties’ privacy policies and practices. S&S does not access or control these third-party cookies or web beacons; however, we may have access to data generated from their use, such as when we view analytics reports provided by such third-party tools and services. Please note that cookies placed by third parties may continue to track your activities online even after you have left our Platform, and those third parties may not honor the “Do Not Track” requests you have set using your browser or device.
Collection of Location Information:
When you use the Platform, we collect precise location data that tracks your location when the mobile application is running in the foreground (mobile application open and on-screen) of your device. We may deliver information or content specific to your location to you via the Platform as a result of the location data we collect. If you disable the collection of geolocation information, the Platform may not function as intended. Additionally, the opt-out mechanism on some operating systems may not be persistent, which will require you to opt-out of such collection each time you access the Platform through your device.
Transaction Information:
We collect transaction details and information related to your use of the Platform, including the types of services you requested, any memberships subscribed for, and other related transaction details and information.
Device Information:
We may collect information about the devices you use to access our Platform, including any related Usage Data.
Log Information:
When you interact with our Platform, we collect server logs, which may include Usage Data and information like device IP address, access dates and times, application features or pages viewed, application crashes and other system activity, browser type, and the third-party site or service you were using before interacting with our Platform.
S&S's E-mail Announcements and Newsletters:
S&S uses e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions, and informational newsletters. Announcements via email are on an opt-in basis only. By posting material on any of our interactive areas, you are opting in to receiving these e-mail announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe from S&S e-mail at any time by sending an email to
support@swordandscale.com
or by following the detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail. S&S may also send replies to users e-mail via e-mail. Finally, if you have sent a request to S&S about which we need to communicate with you, we may do so by e-mail.
Information Collected from Third-Party Websites and Do Not Track Policy:
Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Platform. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Platform and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this Policy. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Platform does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Platform and after you leave our Platform.
If you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from S&S, that website will submit to us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook or Twitter applications or a similar application or feature on a third party website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including usage information and Personal Information such as lists of your friends, "likes", comments you have shared, groups and location. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their "connections" or information about you is otherwise accessible through your "connections'" web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. We may supplement the information we collect about you through the Platform with such information from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and/or to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Google Adsense:
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our Platform and other sites/platforms on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
.
Calls and Text Messages:
In addition to our communications with you, we enable users to communicate with each other directly through communications initiated by them through the Platform. S&S may use this information for customer support services (including to resolve disputes between users), for safety and security purposes, and for analytics. Additionally, in order to provide the services to you, S&S will communicate with you with communications or through its alert service, which includes contacting or messaging you by telephone, email, short message service or text message. Additionally, S&S and its partners and affiliates may contact you at any telephone number(s) you provide in connection with your use of the Platform. By providing your contact information, you consent to receive communications (including communications containing an artificial voice or prerecorded message or made using an automatic telephone dialing system) from us, our affiliates and partners, including your wireless number, even if that number is registered on a corporate, state, or national do-not-call registry.
S&S’s Interactive Areas:
S&S is not liable for any information posted in interactive areas. S&S provides interactive areas such as discussion forums to enhance the user experience and build a healthy community around our Platform's products and services. You acknowledge that should you participate in such interactive areas, the information you voluntarily post about yourself and third parties in such areas might be accessed, collected and used by third parties outside of S&S. DO NOT POST ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION SUCH AS YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS IN OUR PUBLIC AREAS. In addition, you may not post any defamatory, obscene, slanderous, or otherwise illegal material, or any material which infringes any third-party copyrights or other intellectual property rights on any interactive areas. Violators will be subject to termination of accounts and possible legal action. Although we employ advanced security technology, it cannot guarantee complete security in personal websites or password-protected areas, and S&S will not be held liable for any user's or other visitor's disclosure of personal information on S&S or any other website or platform operated by us.
PERSONAL INFORMATION RECEIVED
S&S does not rent or sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone, provided certain Personal Information may be transferred in connection with business transfers, as described below. We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:
Information that’s been de-identified.
We may de-identify your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Platform, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would identify you as an individual person.
Affiliated Businesses:
In certain situations, businesses or third-party websites S&S is affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with the Platform (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third-party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.
Agents:
We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you; for example, we may use a payment processing company, such as Stripe, Paypal, Apple Pay, and Google Pay, to receive and process your credit card transactions for us. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Note that an “agent” may also be considered a “partner” in certain circumstances and would be subject to the terms of the “Information that’s been de-identified” section in that regard.
User Profiles and Submissions:
Certain user profile information, including your name, location, and any video or image content that such user has uploaded to the Platform, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Platform or address your request for our services and/or products. Please remember that any content you upload to or make available on your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by any user of the Platform. Your username may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload images or videos through the Platform and other users can contact you through messages and comments.
Business Transfers:
We may choose to buy or sell assets and may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared:
While on our Platform, you may have the opportunity to opt-in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and the Personal Information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Protection of S&S and Others:
We may use or disclose personally identifying information if we have a good-faith belief that the disclosure is reasonably necessary (a) to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) to enforce agreements we have with you, (c) to address fraud or security issues, or (d) to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of the users, or our employees.
SECURITY
S&S uses reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your information. Because of the constitution of the Internet, however, the rules of data protection and the security measures mentioned above may not be observed by other persons or institutions beyond S&S’s control. Especially unencrypted data - even if sent via e-mail - can be read by third parties. S&S has no technical influence to avoid this. You have the responsibility to protect the information you provide, especially username and passwords, from misuse, whether by encryption or other means.
Your account is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
Through your account settings, you may access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us:
name and password;
email address;
mailing address;
phone number;
user profile information, including any image you have uploaded to the site.
The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Platform changes. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at
support@swordandscale.com
.
OPTIONS AVAILABLE TO USERS
Users can always opt not to disclose information to S&S, however some information may be needed to register with S&S or to take advantage of some of our features.
Users may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained in this Policy. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request a suspension of your account by submitting a request to
support@swordandscale.com
. When you suspend your account, you will no longer receive any of our e-mails, but your profile information may remain in our records. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
The Platform is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of, the United States, and is intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States. S&S makes no representation that the Platform is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States of America, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Platform, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the Platform is subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
RETENTION PERIOD
Personal Information shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for. S&S may be allowed to retain Personal Information for a longer period whenever you have given consent to such processing and for as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, S&S may be obliged to retain Personal Information for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Information shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification, and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
CONTACT
For questions or concerns regarding this Policy, practices of the Platform, or any other transaction issue, please send an e-mail to
support@swordandscale.com
.
If you feel that S&S is not following this stated Privacy Policy, please contact us through the above e-mail link.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps