EcoFlow Privacy Policy
Last Updated: March 5, 2025
EcoFlow Inc. and its affiliated companies (“EcoFlow”, “we,” “our” or “us”), are committed to protecting and preserving your privacy.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose
            your information through our websites, mobile applications,
            customer support and other services (collectively referred to as
            “Services”), and applies to all Services except for those that
            are specifically covered by a separate Privacy Policy. The
            separate Privacy Policy will supersede this Privacy Policy and
            anything that is not specifically covered in that Privacy Policy
            shall be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
By using our Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy
            Policy, and you consent to the use of the information that you
            provide to us as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We do update
            this Privacy Policy from time to time so please review this
            Privacy Policy regularly. If we materially alter our Privacy
            Policy, we will let you know of such changes by posting a notice
            on our website. Your continued use of the website will be
            considered your agreement that your information may be used per
            the new policy. If you do not agree with the changes, then you
            should stop using the website, and you should let us know that
            you do not want your information used per the changes.
This Policy describes:
Information
                        We Collect
How We
                        Collect Your Information
How We Use
                        Your Information
How We
                        Store Your Information
Email Marketing and Alerts
How We
                        Disclose and Share Your Information
Your
                        Rights
How We Use Cookies
Security
                        of Your Information
Children's
                        Information
California Residents
Privacy
                        Policies of Third-Party
                        Websites/Applications
European Union Residents
Changes to
                        Our Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Contact
                        Us
1.
Information We Collect
In operating our website, we may collect a variety of
            information, including:
Account Information.
Your EcoFlow account
                and related account details, including your country of
                residency, contact telephone number, email address,
                username, passwords, social media account and third-party
                avatar. If you are an installer, we additionally collect
                your name, company name and address.
Device Information.
Details of your visits
                to our website or use of our mobile applications and the
                resources that you access, including, but not limited to,
                traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication
                data, including your IP address, the date and time you
                accessed or left the website and which pages you viewed,
                Wi-Fi List Information, Mac address, CPU information, memory
                information, SD card information and operating system
                version. Some parts of our website use cookies and other
                technologies to collect this information about your general
                internet usage. See section below "How We Use Cookies" to
                learn more.
We may also collect data in
                relation to your IoT devices, including device serial
                number, location of the device, device log, usage history
                and device status.
Electricity Usage Information.
When you
                connect the EcoFlow device to your home grid, we may collect
                solar power generation and the flow of electricity between
                the grid, the home and the battery.
Contact Information.
We may need your
                contact information such as your name, email address,
                shipping address and telephone number when you place an
                order or contact us for customer service.
Photo and Video.
We may need to upload your
                personal photos and videos when dealing with certain issues
                and modifying personal information.
Location.
We may need your location
                information for installing, activating and managing your
                EcoFlow devices, Bluetooth connection, time zone setting,
                and obtain your latitude, longitude and altitude information
                for data analysis to provide better marketing promotion
                services.
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the time, topic and content of
                your
                communications with EcoFlow.
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have
            requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we
            will not be able to provide you with our products or services or
            respond to requests you may have.
2.
How We Collect Your Information
Here are the ways that we collect your information
:
A. Directly Collected from You
We may collect the following personal information that you
            provide to us directly, including your name, birthday, contact
            telephone number, email address, shipping address, passwords,
            social media account, location of your devices, your location
            information, your photos and videos.
B. Automatically Collected
We may collect your devices' information automatically within
            the necessary scope, including location information of the
            device, Wi-Fi List Information, Mac address, CPU information,
            memory information, SD card information and operating system
            version. See section below, “How We Use Cookies” for more
            information.
C. From the Third-Party Sources
We collect and use information obtained from Facebook, Google,
            and other social media accounts you use to login to the Services
            (“Third-Party Accounts”), such as your name, your username,
            avatar, social media account and other details you may have on
            your Third-Party Account profile. We do not have access to your
            Third-Party Account passwords.
D. Devices Permission
When you enable any permission(s) for access to your device, you
            authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information in
            order to provide you with corresponding Services. You can get
            your device permission list by contacting us as set forth in
            “Contact Us” below.
You can also choose to change the scope of consent or withdraw
            your authorization at any time. After the authorization is
            withdrawn, we will no longer collect personal information
            related to these permissions, however, we will not be able to
            continue to provide you with corresponding Services.
Please note that your decision to withdraw consent or
            authorization will not affect our previous collection and use of
            personal information based on your authorization. When we want
            to use the information collected prior to your withdrawal of
            your consent or authorization for purposes not specified in this
            Privacy Policy, we will ask for your prior consent, as required
            by applicable law(s).
By giving a telephone number to Ecoflow, you agree that a
            representative of Ecoflow can contact you at the number you
            provide, potentially using automated technology (including
            texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message. Your consent is
            not an obligation to receive any of our products and/or
            services.
3.
How We Use Your Information
EcoFlow uses personal data to power our Services, process
                your transactions, communicate with you, for security and
                fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use
                personal data for other purposes with your consent or as
                otherwise permitted or required by law.
EcoFlow may use your personal data for the following reasons:
Performance of a contract: Much of our processing of
                personal data is to meet our contractual obligations to our
                users, or to take steps at users' requests in anticipation
                of entering into a contract with them. For example, we
                handle personal data on this basis to allow you to use our
                Services.
Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we
                handle personal data on the basis of your implied or express
                consent.
Legitimate interests: In many cases, we handle personal data
                on the ground that it furthers our legitimate interests in
                commercial activities in ways that are not overridden by the
                interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected
                individuals. These legitimate interests include, but not
                limited to, operating our business and services; providing
                security for our websites, products, software, or
                applications; marketing; receiving payments; preventing
                fraud; and knowing the customer to whom we are providing
                services.
Legal compliance: We need to use and disclose personal data
                in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations (such
                as our obligation to share data with tax authorities), as
                required or permitted by law.
EcoFlow may use your personal data for the following purposes:
A. Provide Our Services
We use your information to fulfil our agreements with you
                and provide you with our Services. We process your personal
                data as necessary for the performance of a contract to which
                you are a party or in order to take steps at your request
                prior to entering into a contract, including but not limited
                to:
Account registration and management;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities,
                        and features of our Services, such as monitoring
                        your IoT device use in real time via your mobile
                        phone;
Processing orders and payments, as well as enabling
                        shipping and delivery services for goods;
On-site installation and maintenance services for
                        home energy storage products;
Sending emails, text messages, push notifications
                        and in-app messages to market or advertise EcoFlow
                        products, services, promotions, sweepstakes and
                        events;
Answering requests for customer or technical
                        support; and
Communicating with you about your account,
                        activities on our Services, and policy changes.
B. Administrative Purposes
We use your information for various administrative
                purposes, including but not limited to:
Pursuing our legitimate interests such as direct
                        marketing, research and development (including
                        marketing research), network and information
                        security, and fraud prevention;
Detecting security incidents, protecting against
                        malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal
                        activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that
                        activity;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving, upgrading or enhancing our Services;
Developing new products and Services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities,
                        including requests to exercise your rights under
                        this policy;
Debugging to identify and repair errors with our
                        Services;
Auditing relating to interactions, transactions and
                        other compliance activities;
Sharing information with third parties as needed to
                        provide the Services;
Enforcing our agreements and policies;
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture,
                        restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other
                        sale or transfer of some or all our assets, whether
                        as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy,
                        liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which
                        personal information held by us about our Services
                        and users is among the assets transferred.
Complying with our legal obligations.
Other Purposes
We also use your information for other purposes as requested by
            you or as permitted by applicable law.
Consent.
We may use personal information
                for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the
                time you provide personal information or with your consent,
                as required by law.
Automated Decision-Making.
We may engage in
                automated decision-making, including profiling. EcoFlow's
                processing of your personal information will not result in a
                decision based solely on automated processing that
                significantly affects you unless such a decision is
                necessary as part of a contract we have with you, we have
                your consent, or we are permitted by law to engage in such
                automated decision-making. If you have questions about our
                automated decision making, you may contact us as set forth
                in “Contact Us” below.
De-identified and Aggregated Information.
We may use personal information and other
                information about
                you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information,
                such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified
                location information, information about the device from
                which you access our Services, or other analyses we create.
Legal Obligations.
We may process your
                personal information to comply with our legal obligation in
                certain circumstances including but not limited to:
To law enforcement authorities, government or public
                        agencies or officials, regulators, and/or any other
                        person or entity with appropriate legal authority or
                        justification for receipt of such information, if
                        required or permitted to do so by law or legal
                        process;
When we believe disclosure is necessary or
                        appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial
                        loss, or in connection with an investigation of
                        suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity;
When the information is required for the prevention,
                        investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal
                        offenses or the execution of criminal penalties, or
                        for the enforcement of civil law claims.
4.
How We Store Your Information
The information that we collect from you will be processed
            primarily in the United States, European Union and China.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to
                fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including
                as described in this Privacy Policy or in our
                service-specific privacy notices, or as permitted or
                required by law.
5.
Marketing Emails and Alerts
You may
opt-out
of receiving marketing
            communications from EcoFlow at any time by clicking the
            “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an email or following other
            specific instructions in the marketing communication. Once you
            opt out, you will no longer be notified of EcoFlow products,
            services, promotions and events until you subscribe again. You
            may still see EcoFlow ads on other platforms, but such ads are
            not displayed on the basis of your personal information
            collected by EcoFlow.
When you use the EcoFlow mobile application, you may receive
            push notifications. If you prefer not to receive push
            notifications, you may adjust your settings on your mobile
            device to control whether you want to receive these alerts.
6.How We Disclose, Share and Transfer Your
                Information
A. Sharing of Your Information
We may share your personal data in the following
                cases:
Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your
                        explicit consent, we will share your personal
                        information with other parties.
Fulfilling legal obligations: We may share your
                        personal information externally in accordance with
                        laws and regulations or the mandatory requirements
                        of government authorities.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others: We may access,
                        preserve, and disclose any information we store
                        associated with you to external parties if we, in
                        good faith, believe doing so is required or
                        appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or
                        national security requests and legal processes, such
                        as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or
                        other individuals rights, property, or safety;
                        enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts
                        owed to us; or assist with an investigation or
                        prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other
                        Asset Transfers: If we are involved in a merger,
                        acquisition, financing due diligence,
                        reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase
                        or sale of assets, or transition of service to
                        another provider, your information may be sold or
                        transferred as part of such a transaction, as
                        permitted by law and/or contract.
Sharing with our affiliates: Where permitted by law,
                        we may share your information with our affiliates in
                        order to provide you with EcoFlow Services. We will
                        only share necessary personal information and
                        subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy
                        Policy. If the affiliated company wants to change
                        the purpose of processing personal information, it
                        will ask for your authorization again, as required
                        by applicable law.
Sharing with authorized partners: Some of our
                        Services will be provided by authorized partners
                        only for the purposes stated in this policy. We may
                        share some of your personal information with our
                        partners to provide better customer service and user
                        experience. We will only share your personal
                        information for legal, legitimate, necessary,
                        specific and explicit purposes, and only share
                        personal information necessary to provide services.
                        Our partners are not authorized to use the shared
                        personal information for any other purpose. Usually,
                        our partners are:
Third-party service providers: Provide us
                                with payment facilitation, package shipping,
                                application development, electronic message
                                processing and other services. Some of your
                                personal information may be collected
                                directly by third-party service providers
                                and is subject to their privacy policies.
Advertising providers: We partner with
                                third-party advertisers to assist us in
                                business marketing, which includes using
                                cookies and other technologies to deliver
                                personalized advertising on third-party
                                websites.
Installers (including the dealer and the
                                installer acting on behalf of dealer): The
                                information collected is shared between us
                                and partner installers so that the
                                installers can provide services to users
                                through EcoFlow's platform. Some of your
                                personal information may be collected
                                directly by installers and is subject to
                                their privacy policies.
B. Transfer of Your Information
We may transfer your personal information to another
                company, organization or individual where we obtain your
                express consent, as required by law, or as otherwise
                permitted or required by law, or when a merger, acquisition
                or bankruptcy liquidation is involved, and if the transfer
                of personal information is involved, we will require a new
                holder of your companies and organizations with personal
                information continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy,
                otherwise we will require the company and organization to
                seek your authorization and consent again, as required by
                applicable law.
International Data Transfers.
We may transfer to, process, and store the data
                        we collect about you in countries other than the country
                        in which the data was originally collected,
                        including the United States, European Union,
                        China or other destinations.
                        Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which
                        you provided the data. When we transfer your data to other countries,
                        we will protect the data as described in the Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the international data transfer.
                        For instance, if you are a European Economic Area (EEA) data subject and your personal information is shared with our affiliates, partners, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf outside of the EEA,
                        then it is done so pursuant to necessary means to ensure an adequate level of protection. This may be on the basis of approved EU standard contractual clauses per GDPR Art. 46
For more information, see here:
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en
For users residing in Japan, you may use the
Personal Information Protection
                            Commission's (“PPC”) report
                            on foreign countries
for more information on the relevant data protection law of
                        the United States, EU and China.
7.
Your Rights Related to Your Personal Data
If you are a resident of certain states and/or jurisdictions,
            you may have certain rights under applicable data privacy
            regulations including the rights to:
Request access to your personal data
You may have the right to obtain a copy of the personal
                data we hold about you and certain information relating to
                our processing of your personal data.
You may make such
                request by sending email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
.
Request correction of your personal data
You may have the right to have your personal data corrected
                if it is inaccurate or incomplete. You can update your
                personal data at any time by logging into your account and
                updating your details directly, or by emailing us
                at
privacy@ecoflow.com
.
Request to delete your personal data
You may request that EcoFlow delete your personal data by
                sending email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
. Note, however, that
                we may not always be able to comply
                with your deletion request for specific legal reasons of
                which you will be notified of, if applicable, at the time of
                your request.
Request restriction on certain processing of your
                    personal data
You may request to restrict the processing of your personal
                data in certain scenarios
by sending an email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
. Where the processing
                is restricted, we are allowed to
                retain sufficient information about you to ensure that the
                restriction is respected in the future.
Request the transfer of your personal data
You may request a digital copy of your personal data or
                request the transfer of your personal data to another
                company
by sending an email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
. Please note though
                that this right only applies to
                automated data which you initially provided consent for us
                to use or where we used the data to perform a contract with
                you.
Object to processing of your personal data for targeted
                    advertising
You may opt-out of our processing of your personal data for
                purposes of targeted advertising
by sending an email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
.
Withdraw your consent
You may withdraw your prior consent for the use of your
                personal data
by sending an email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
or using automatic electronic means provided in the user
                interface in different portals. If you withdraw your
                consent, we may not be able to provide you with access to
                certain specific functionalities of the services. Please
                note any use or disclosure of your personal data prior to
                your revocation of consent will not be subject to such
                withdrawal.
Request human intervention for automated
                    decision-making and profiling/opt-out of use of your
                    data for automated decision-making and profiling
You may request human intervention where we are carrying
                out automated decision-making or profiling when processing
                your personal data
by sending an email at
privacy@ecoflow.com
. This form of
                processing is permitted where it is
                necessary as part of our contract with you, provided that
                appropriate safeguards are in place, or your consent has
                been obtained, as required by law. You may also opt-out of
                such automated decision-making and profiling by notifying us
                at the email address below under “Contact Us.”
We will try to respond to all legitimate, validated
                requests within one month or as otherwise required by law.
                Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your
                request is particularly complex or you have made a number of
                requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you
                updated. We may need to request specific information from
                you to help us confirm your identity in accordance with
                applicable law. This is a security measure to protect
                against personal data being disclosed to an unauthorized
                person.
Right to lodge a complaint
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the way in
                which we process your data, please email us directly at
                privacy@ecoflow.com. You also have the right to make a
                complaint to the data protection regulator in the United
                States (in accordance with the laws that apply to you as a
                resident of a particular state) or European Union data
                protection authorities or any other competent authority.
                Please do contact us first if possible so that we can assist
                you in the most efficient manner.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please email us at
privacy@ecoflow.com
or
            call us at
+1(800)-368-8604
.
8.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from
            your web browser or your device's hard drive. Cookies typically
            contain the name of the domain (internet location) from which
            the cookies originated, the “lifetime” of the cookies (i.e.,
            when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or
            similar identifier. Cookies also may contain information about
            your device, such as user settings, browsing history, and
            activities conducted while using the Services.
Our Services use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies, which are required for the
                operation of the Services. Without them, for example, you
                would not be able to use your Account. These cookies cannot
                be turned off.
Analytical/performance cookies, which allow EcoFlow to
                recognize and count the number of visitors, learn how
                visitors navigate the Services, and improve the Services.
Functionality cookies, which EcoFlow uses to recognize you
                when you return to the Services.
Additionally, our website also works with third-party products
            or services (“Service Providers”) to offer and present our
            Services to you. These Service Providers may include Google,
            Facebook, etc. and other Service Providers who help us track and
            analyze our website user activity, measure the effectiveness of
            our advertising and fundraising efforts, and support the
            optimization of our digital campaigns.
Our Service Providers may get more information about your
            activity on our website, including pages you visit, access
            times, visit duration, how you arrived at our websites and your
            IP address. An IP address is a number that identifies a device
            connected to the internet. For most devices, the IP address
            changes on at least a weekly basis. Our Service Providers may
            also get device identifiers and specific information about the
            browser you use. In some cases, this information may be unique
            to you.
Additionally, our website uses pixels which are HTML code
            snippets that are loaded when a user visits a website or opens
            an email. It is useful for tracking user behavior and activity.
            With a tracking pixel, advertisers can get data for online
            marketing, web analysis or email marketing. If such data is
            analyzed in a particular way, the data collected through these
            pixels can be used for other purposes as well, for example
            retargeting/behavioral advertising.
For example, Ecoflow deploys the Facebook Pixel on our website.
            The Facebook Pixel may enable Facebook to match website visitors
            with their Facebook User Accounts. You can find out more about
            how Facebook collects and uses data by clicking here.
If you'd like to disable these tracking pixels, there are a
            number of ways in which you can prevent your data from being
            collected by tracking pixels:
Set browser and email settings to be as restrictive as
                possible such that external graphics are only supported
                after permission, and HTML emails are not supported.
                Appropriate firewall settings can also do this.
Some browser extensions can be used to make tracking pixels
                visible (e.g. PixelBlock, uBlock Origin, HTTPS Everywhere,
                etc.).
For more information about how targeted advertising works,
                you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”)
                educational webpage here
https://thenai.org/about-online-advertising/how-does-it-work/
.
Please note that third parties (including, for example,
            advertising networks and providers of external services like web
            traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we
            have no control. These cookies are likely to be
            analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Most internet browsers accept cookies by default, but you can
            change your browser preferences to block or restrict cookies if
            you do not want your web browsing activity tracked. Please note
            that some cookies are necessary for our website to run and, as
            such, cannot be declined. However, such cookies do not collect
            any personal information. If you choose, you may use the
Digital Advertising Alliance
                (DAA) WebChoices Tool
to globally opt out of third-party tracking via website cookies.
            Ecoflow websites recognize the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. 
            If your browser is configured to send this signal, 
            Ecoflow will opt you out of the use of advertising cookies on that browser.
There are also a variety of other tools publicly available to
            manage cookies and similar technologies that collect information
            related to your use of our website. To learn more about cookies
            and modifying your browser settings related to these cookies you
            can review guidance from the
FTC
.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness or compliance of
            third-party opt-out mechanisms or programs. Please note that if
            you remove your cookies or upgrade your browser after having
            opted out, you will need to opt out again. Your opt out is
            specific to the browser you are using and the device you use to
            access the website. Therefore, if you use multiple browsers or
            devices you will need to opt out on each browser or device. You
            can access the information on our website without enabling
            cookies in your browser, but disabling cookies may result in a
            diminished ability to take advantage of the services and related
            informational content on our website.
9.
Security of Your Information
To secure your information, we have put in place commercially
            suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
            safeguard and secure the information we collect through our
            Services. Nonetheless, the transmission of information via the
            internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot
            guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically via our
            Services, and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at
            your own risk.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us,
            you agree that we may communicate with you electronically
            regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating
            to your use of our Services.
10.
Children's Information, Users Only of Age of
                Majority
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children
            while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to
            observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online
            activity.
EcoFlow's Services are not designed for children and we do not
            knowingly collect any personal information from children under
            the age of 16 in the European Union, or under age 14 in the
            United States (or other age as required by local law). If you
            think that your child provided this kind of information on our
            website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately
            via_
privacy@ecoflow.com
or call us at
+1(800)-368-8604
.
and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such
            information from our records
By using our Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of
            age or older. We are not liable for any damages that may result
            from a user's misrepresentation of age.
Parents or legal guardians of children under 18 cannot agree to
            these terms on their behalf.
If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal
            information in violation of applicable law, we will delete any
            personal information we have collected, unless we have a legal
            obligation to keep it, and terminate the child's account.
11.
California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) was amended
            by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”)
            (collectively “the CCPA”) which took effect on January 1, 2023.
            As required by laws, covered businesses are required to comply
            with all express statutory requirements including those CCPA
            regulations currently in effect. Please note that any terms
            defined in the CCPA shall have the same meaning in this Section.
This section of our Privacy Policy only applies to our
            processing of personal information that is subject to the CCPA.
            The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know
            what categories of personal information EcoFlow collects and
            whether EcoFlow disclosed that personal information for a
            business purpose (e.g., to a service provider). See below for
            additional details:
Category of Personal Information Collected by
                            EcoFlow from California Residents in Preceding
                            12 months and Personal Information Categories
                            that Each Category of Recipient Received
Category of Third-Party Information is
                            Disclosed to for a Business and commercial Purpose
Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
                        identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol
                        address, email address, account name, or other
                        similar identifiers.
Service providers
Advertising networks
Social networks
Internet or other electronic network
                            activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a
                        consumer's interaction with an internet website,
                        application, or advertisement.
Service providers
Advertising networks
Government entities
Personal information categories listed in the
                        California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code
                        § 1798.80(e))
A name, signature, physical characteristics or
                        description, address, telephone number, bank account number
                        or other financial information. Personal Information
                        does not include publicly available information that
                        is lawfully made available to the general public
                        from federal, state, or local government records.
                        Note: Some personal information included in this
                        category may overlap with other categories.
Service providers
Advertising networks
Government entities
Geolocation data
Physical location
Service providers
Advertising networks
Government entities
We only collect or process sensitive personal information without
            the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer
We collect personal information from the following categories of sources:
directly collected from you
automatically collected
from the third-party sources
devices permission
Business or Commercial Purposes for Collecting Personal Information:
We use the personal Information we collect for the following purpose:
service providers
advertising networks
social networks
government entities
Specific PI if collected from consumers:
Identifiers: Including but not limited to your name, email address,
                 mailing address, phone number, and other similar identifiers, 
                 for service providers, advertising networks, social networks.
Commercial Information: Such as records of products or services purchased,
                 obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, 
                 for service providers, advertising networks, government entities.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information: 
                Including browsing history, search history, 
                and information regarding your interaction with our website, 
                applications, or advertisements, for service providers, advertising networks, government entities
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Information: 
                Profiles reflecting your preferences, characteristics, 
                psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, 
                attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes, for service providers, 
                advertising networks, government entities.
Categories of sources of PI collected:
directly collected from you
automatically collected
from the third-party sources
devices permission
What are the business or commercial purpose for collecting the PI:
service providers
advertising networks
social networks
government entities
Length of time intended to retain each category of PI, including sensitive PI:
it is not longer than is reasonably necessary for that disclosed purpose.
Sale or Share of Personal Information
:
We do not sell the personal information of California residents.
            As defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), we
            may disclose or transfer your personal information to third
            parties solely for the purpose of improving our services. Below
            is a detailed explanation of how we handle the sharing and
            disclosure of personal information:
Categories of Consumers' Personal Information We
                Share
We may share the following categories of consumers' personal
            information with third parties:
Identifiers
: Including but not limited to
                your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and
                other similar identifiers.
Commercial Information
: Such as records of
                products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or
                other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity
                    Information
: Including browsing history, search history, and
                information regarding your interaction with our website,
                applications, or advertisements.
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal
                    Information
: Profiles reflecting your preferences, characteristics,
                psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
                intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
To opt-out, please click
Do Not Share My Personal Information
and confirm your decision.
Ecoflow recognizes the Global Privacy Control (GPC) available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, 
            Ecoflow will opt you out of sharing your personal information on that browser
If you are a resident of California, you have the following
            rights under the CCPA:
to know what categories of personal information we have
                collected and used, including how the personal information
                was collected;
to know what categories of personal information are being
                sold or disclosed and if it is being sold or disclosed to
                third parties and a list of categories of information that
                are sold; or, if applicable: to know that your personal
                information has not been sold;
to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal
                information;
to access your personal information, including the right to
                download or transfer personal information collected;
to ask that your personal information be corrected.
to ask that we limit our use of your sensitive personal
                information.
to ask that your personal information be deleted;
to ask that we not use your personal information for
                cross-context behavioral advertising; and
to equal service and equal price for goods or services even
                if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your
            CCPA rights. Unless allowed by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services,
                including through granting discounts or other benefits, or
                imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or
                services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for
                goods or services or a different level or quality of goods
                or services.
Ecoflow only collects or processes sensitive personal information without the purpose of inferring
            characteristics about a consumer.
If you are a California resident and you want to exercise any of
            your rights as set forth above, please contact us at
privacy@ecoflow.com
or
            +1(800)-368-8604.
For all requests, it is helpful to put the statement “California
            Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, describe the nature
            of your request, and supply your name, street address, city,
            state, and zip code. In your request, you need to attest to the
            fact that you are a California resident and provide a current
            California address for our response.
Additionally, if you reside in California and have provided
            personal information to us, you may request information about
            our disclosure of certain categories of personal information to
            third parties for their direct marketing purposes under
            California's Shine the Light law. Such requests must be
            submitted to us at privacy@ecoflow.com.
12.
Privacy Policies of Third-Party
                Websites/Applications
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications
            and other websites/applications may reference or link to our
            Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us.
            We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each
            website and application with which they interact. We do not
            endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the
            privacy practices or content of such other websites or
            applications. Providing personal information to third-party
            websites or applications is at your own risk.
13.
European Union Residents
As applicable, for personal information of individuals that
            Ecoflow receives from the European Union, Ecoflow will handle
            such personal information in accordance with the European Union
            data protection laws. For personal information transferred from
            the European Union, Ecoflow utilizes the European Commission's
            standard contractual clauses commonly known as “model clauses.”
            These model clauses are contract templates developed by the
            European Commission as a mechanism for contracting parties to
            legalize the cross-border transfer of personal data from Europe.
Please note that the model clauses will apply to the extent
            there is not another legal basis in place adopted by Ecoflow to
            validate the transfer of personal data from the European Union
            to the U.S.
Similarly, Ecoflow will comply with the United Kingdom's Data
            Protection Act, as applicable.
14. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time at our sole
            discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy
            Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You
            understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted
            the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use our Services
            after the new Privacy Policy takes effect.
If at any time you find either this Agreement or the Privacy
            Policy unacceptable, you must immediately cease accessing the
            App and Websites. Unless EcoFlow obtains your express consent,
            any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information
            collected by EcoFlow after the revised Privacy Policy takes
            effect, and not to information collected under any earlier
            versions of the Privacy Policy.
15. Accessibility Statement
We are committed to making sure that our website is accessible
            to everyone. To access this Privacy Policy in an alternative
            form, please email us at
privacy@ecoflow.com
or
            call us at +1(800)-368-8604. For more information, please see
            our Accessibility Statement here.
16.
Contact Us
We welcome feedback and are happy to answer any questions you
            may have about your data. You may contact us electronically at:
privacy@ecoflow.com
or
            call us at +1(800)-368-8604. If you have an unresolved privacy
            or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily,
            please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution
            provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
×