Effective date: February 13th, 2024
At Zigazoo, we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn how we treat your personal information.
By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby agree that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.
Remember that your use of Zigazoo’s Services is at all times subject to our
Terms of Use
, which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use. You may print a copy of this Privacy Policy by clicking
here
. If you have a disability, you may access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format by contacting
support@zigazoo.com
.
Privacy Policy Table of Contents
What this Privacy Policy Covers
Sources of Personal Data
How We Collect Personal Data
How We Use Your Personal Data
How We Share Your Personal Data
Data Security and Retention
Personal Data of Children
State Law Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Information
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how we treat Personal Data that we gather when you access or use our Services. “Personal Data” means any information that identifies or relates to a particular individual and also includes information referred to as “personally identifiable information” or “personal information” under applicable data privacy laws, rules, or regulations. This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of companies we don’t own or control or people we don’t manage.
Sources of Personal Data
We collect Personal Data about you (including Personal Data from children under thirteen (13)) from:
You:
when you provide such information directly to us, including by posting your name, voice recordings, photos, or videos of yourself, including video creator tools allowing for freeform text entry, phone contacts and contact lists, and when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Services. With respect to the non-fungible token (NFT) collectible we offer, we may collect your email address and your electronic digital wallet address.
Our subsidiaries and affiliates (together, “Affiliates”), when they provide us with Personal Data about you.
Third parties, when they provide us with Personal Data about you (“Third Parties”). Third Parties that share your Personal Data with us include:
Service providers.
For example, we may use analytics service providers to analyze how you interact and engage with the Services, or third parties may help us provide you with customer support.
Social networks connected to the services.
If you as a parent provide your social network account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third-party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts may be transmitted into your Account with us. We do not allow children under 13 to sign up or login with social networks credentials.
Advertising partners.
If you are under thirteen (13), we do not disclose your Personal Data to advertising partners. If you are a parent or guardian, these parties help us market our services and provide you with other offers that may be of interest to you. They include ad networks and marketing providers.
Analytics partners.
These parties provide analytics on web traffic or usage of the Services. They include: companies that track how users found or were referred to the Services and companies that track how users interact with the Services
How We Collect Personal Data
Information Collected Automatically
The Services use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, and JavaScript (collectively, “Cookies”) to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and use our Services, to analyze trends, learn about our user base and operate and improve our Services. Cookies are small pieces of data — usually text files — placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device when you use that device to visit our Services. We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties, including third parties that have placed their own Cookies on your device(s). Please note that because of our use of Cookies, the Services do not support “Do Not Track” requests sent from a browser at this time.
We use the following types of Cookies:
Essential Cookies.
Essential Cookies are required for providing you with features or services that you have requested. For example, certain Cookies enable you to log into secure areas of our Services. Disabling these Cookies may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functional Cookies.
Functional Cookies are used to record your choices and settings regarding our Services, maintain your preferences over time and recognize you when you return to our Services. These Cookies help us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Essential Cookies.
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use our Services such as by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Services, what pages visitors view on our Services and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Services. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Services’ content for those who engage with our advertising. For example, Google, Inc. (“Google”) uses cookies in connection with its Google Analytics services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Services is subject to the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You have the option to opt-out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at
www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
or the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies through your internet browser’s settings. Most browsers have an option for turning off the Cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new Cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allow you to decide on acceptance of each new Cookie in a variety of ways. You can also delete all Cookies that are already on your computer. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some of the Services and functionalities may not work.
To explore what Cookie settings are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu. To find out more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit
https://www.allaboutcookies.org
.
How We Use Your Personal Data
We process Personal Data (including Personal Data from children under thirteen (13)) to operate, improve, understand and personalize our Services. We use Personal Data for the following purposes:
To meet or fulfill the reason you provided the information to us.
To communicate with you about the Services, including Service announcements, updates or offers.
To provide support and assistance for the Services.
To create and manage your Account or other user profiles.
To personalize website content and communications based on your preferences.
To process orders or other transactions — such as for your purchase, sale or trading of NFT collectibles.
To respond to user inquiries and fulfill user requests (including as set out in the ‘Additional Notice Regarding Contact Lists’ section below)
To improve and develop the Services, including testing, research, analysis and product development.
To protect against or deter fraudulent, illegal or harmful actions and maintain the safety, security and integrity of our Services.
To comply with our legal or contractual obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Terms of Use.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
Additional Notice Regarding Contact Lists:
The Services may request access to your phone’s contact list. Granting us access is entirely optional. If you elect to grant us access, we will only use your phone contacts to help you send messages (such as Zigazoo “shoutouts”) to such contacts via the Services.
For any other business purpose stated when collecting your Personal Data or as otherwise set forth in applicable data privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”).
We will not collect additional categories of Personal Data or use the Personal Data we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
As noted in the list above, we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us, which helps us improve our Services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by emailing us at
support@zigazoo.com
.
How We Share Your Personal Data
Disclosures of Personal Data for a Business Purpose
We may disclose your Personal Data, including Personal Data of children under thirteen (13), to service providers and other parties for the following business purposes:
Auditing related to a current interaction and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards.
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Short-term, transient use of Personal Data that is not used by another party to build a consumer profile or otherwise alter your consumer experience outside the current interaction.
Performing services on our behalf, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing advertising and marketing services if you are over 13, or providing similar services on behalf of the business or service provider.
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration.
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, was manufactured for us, or control.
We disclose your Personal Data (including Personal Data from children under thirteen (13)) to the following categories of service providers and other parties:
Service providers, including:
Payment processors.
Security and fraud prevention consultants.
Hosting and other technology and communications providers.
Analytics providers.
Staff augmentation and contract personnel.
Our Affiliates.
Parties who acquire your Personal Data through an acquisition or other change of control. Personal Data may be transferred to a third party if we undergo a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other transaction in which that third party assumes control of our business (in whole or in part).
Other parties at your direction.
Other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to effect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Services).
Third-party business partners who you access through the Services.
Social media services (if you are over 13 and intentionally interact with them through your use of Services).
Other parties authorized by you.
Data that is Not Personal Data
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data from the Personal Data (including Personal Data from children under 13) we collect, including by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to a particular user. We may use such aggregated, de-identified or anonymized data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze, build and improve the Services and promote our business, provided that we will not share such data in a manner that could identify you.
Data Security and Retention
We seek to protect your Personal Data, including Personal Data from children under 13, from unauthorized access, use and disclosure using appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures based on the type of Personal Data and how we are processing that data. For example, the Services use industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of Personal Data you provide to us. You should also help protect your data by appropriately selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism; limiting access to your computer or device and browser; and signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Although we work to protect the security of your account and other data that we hold in our records, please be aware that no method of transmitting data over the Internet or storing data is completely secure. We cannot guarantee the complete security of any data you share with us, and except as expressly required by law, we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content.
We retain Personal Data about you for as long as you have an open account with us or as otherwise necessary to provide you with our Services, however we do not retain Personal Information from children under thirteen (13) longer than is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill the purpose for which it was disclosed. In some cases we retain Personal Data for longer, if doing so is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or collect fees owed, or is otherwise permitted or required by applicable law, rule or regulation. We may further retain information in an anonymous or aggregated form where that information would not identify you personally.
Personal Data of Children
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) requires that online service providers obtain parental consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from a child under thirteen (13) without obtaining verifiable consent from that child’s parent or guardian (“Parental Consent”), except for the limited amount of personally identifiable information we need to collect in order to obtain Parental Consent (“Required Information”). Until we have received Parental Consent, we will only use Required Information for the purpose of obtaining Parental Consent.
We obtain Parental Consent using method(s) that are approved under COPPA. For example, we obtain Parental Consent by asking a child’s parent or guardian to record a video of themselves and upload it on the Services. We may also obtain Parental Consent by requiring a child’s parent or guardian to use an online payment system (for example, a credit card or debit card) that notifies the primary account holder of that online payment system each time a separate transaction is made that relates to our Services (an “Online Payment System”).
If you are a child under thirteen (13), please do not attempt to send any personal information about yourself to us before we obtain Parental Consent, except for the Required Information in the context of the Parental Consent process. If you believe that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personal information (beyond the Required Information) without our obtaining Parental Consent, please contact us at
support@zigazoo.com
. We do not condition participation in our Services on disclosure of more Personal Information from a child under thirteen (13) than is reasonably necessary for that participation, and we do not retain Personal Information from children under thirteen (13) longer than is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill the purpose for which it was disclosed.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child under thirteen (13), you have the right to request that we allow you to review, modify or delete your child’s personal information, or that we stop further collection of the child’s personal information. If you wish to exercise those rights, please contact us at
support@zigazoo.com
. We will need to verify your identity before we can comply with your request.
To learn more about COPPA, you may consult this simple one-page informational guide from the kidSAFE Seal Program —
www.kidsafeseal.com/knowaboutcoppa.html
.
If you use our Zigazoo Classrooms platform, we require that schools or school districts obtain consent from a child’s parent, if the child is under the age of thirteen (13) before using the Services. Schools and school districts may obtain this consent in a few different ways, including as part of a school-wide consent program for all third-party technology. If you are a parent, or if you have questions about how your school obtains your consent, please ask your school or school district to understand how they obtain consent. If you believe that a child under thirteen (13) may have provided us with personal information (beyond— the Required Information) without the school or school district obtaining your consent, please contact us at
support@zigazoo.com
. For more information, please see our
Terms of Use
.
State Law Privacy Rights
California Resident Rights
Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to contact us to prevent disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes; in order to submit such a request, please contact us at
support@zigazoo.com
.
Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support DO Not Track requests at this time. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you can visit
www.allaboutdnt.com
.
Nevada Resident Rights
If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain Personal Data to third parties who intend to license or sell that Personal Data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
support@zigazoo.com
with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address associated with your account. Please note that we do not currently sell your Personal Data as sales are defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the
zigazoo.com
website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If our changes to this Privacy Policy affect the privacy of a child under thirteen (13), for example, if Zigazoo wishes to collect a new category of personal information of a child, Zigazoo will first solicit and obtain verifiable Parental Consent (as defined in this Privacy Policy) before enacting such change.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your Personal Data, your choices and rights regarding such use, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Zigazoo, Inc.
(929) 344-2250
zigazoo.com
support@zigazoo.com
2980 McFarlane Rd, Miami, FL 33133
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Technologies
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
How Google uses cookies
How Google uses location information
How Google uses credit card numbers for payments
How Google Voice works
Google Product Privacy Guide
How Google retains data we collect
Advertising
Advertising keeps Google and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. We work hard to make sure that ads are safe, unobtrusive, and as relevant as possible. For example, you won’t see pop-up ads on Google, and we terminate the accounts of hundreds of thousands of publishers and advertisers that violate our policies each year – including ads containing malware, ads for counterfeit goods, or ads that attempt to misuse your personal information.
Google advertising services are experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via the
Privacy Sandbox
initiative on Chrome and Android. Users with the relevant Privacy Sandbox settings enabled in Chrome or Android may see relevant ads from Google’s advertising services based on
Topics
or
Protected Audience
data stored on their browser or mobile device. Google’s advertising services may also measure ad performance using
Attribution Reporting
data stored on their browser or mobile device.
More information on the Privacy Sandbox
.
How Google uses cookies in advertising
Cookies help to make advertising more effective. Without cookies, it’s harder for an advertiser to reach its audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.
Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, partner with Google to show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you from seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant (such as ads based on websites you have visited).
We store a record of the ads we serve in our logs. These
server logs
typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or, if you are signed-in, that may uniquely identify you. We store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We anonymize this log data by removing part of the IP address (after 9 months) and cookie information (after 18 months).
Our advertising cookies
To help our partners manage their advertising and websites, we offer many products, including AdSense, AdWords, Google Analytics, and a range of DoubleClick-branded services. When you visit a page or see an ad that uses one of these products, either on Google services or on other sites and apps, various cookies may be sent to your browser.
These may be set from a few different domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, googlesyndication.com, or googleadservices.com, or the domain of our partners’ sites. Some of our advertising products enable our partners to use other services in conjunction with ours (like an ad measurement and reporting service), and these services may send their own cookies to your browser. These cookies will be set from their domains.
See more detail about the
types of cookies used by Google
and our partners and
how we use them
.
How you can control advertising cookies
You can use
ad settings
to manage the Google ads you see and turn off personalized ads. Even if you turn off personalized ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type, and your search terms.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising via the consumer choice tools created under self-regulation programs in many countries, such as the US-based
aboutads.info choices
page or the EU-based
Your Online Choices
.
Finally, you can
manage cookies in your web browser
.
Other technologies used in advertising
Google’s advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the
IP address
, for example, to identify your general location, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and, depending on your settings, to improve the relevance of the ads you see. We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device, such as the time and date, your device model, browser type, or sensors in your device like the accelerometer.
Location
Google’s ad products may receive or infer information about your location from a variety of sources. For example, we may use the IP address to identify your general location; we may receive precise location from your mobile device; we may infer your location from your search queries; and websites or apps that you use may send information about your location to us.  Google uses location information in our ads products to infer demographic information, to improve the relevance of the ads you see, to measure ad performance and to report aggregate statistics to advertisers.
Advertising identifiers for mobile apps
To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use technologies that perform similar functions to cookies. Sometimes Google links the identifier used for advertising on mobile applications to an advertising cookie on the same device in order to coordinate ads across your mobile apps and mobile browser. This can happen, for example, when you see an ad within an app that launches a web page in your mobile browser. This also helps us improve the reports we give to our advertisers on the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Ads you see on your device may be personalized based on its Advertising ID. On Android devices, you can:
Reset your device’s advertising ID
, which replaces the current ID with a new one. Apps can still show you personalized ads, but for a while they may not be as relevant or interesting to you.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
, which deletes the advertising ID and doesn't assign a new one. Apps can still show you ads, but they may not be as relevant or interesting to you. You won't see ads based on this advertising ID, but you may still see ads based on other factors, like the information you’ve shared with apps.
To make changes to the advertising ID on your Android device, follow the instructions below.
Android
Reset your device’s advertising ID
To reset your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Reset advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Delete your device’s advertising ID
To delete your device’s advertising ID:
On your Android device, go to
Settings
.
Tap
Privacy
>
Ads
.
Tap
Delete advertising ID
and confirm your changes.
Your advertising ID will be reset or deleted, but apps may have their own settings using other types of identifiers, which can also affect the types of ads you see.
On some older versions of Android
If your Android device’s version is 4.4 or older:
Open
Settings
Tap
Privacy
>
Advanced
>
Ads
Turn on
Opt out of Ads Personalization
and confirm your changes.
iOS
Devices with iOS use Apple’s Advertising Identifier. To learn more about your choices for use of this identifier, visit the
Settings
app on your device.
Connected TV/Over-the-Top
Advertising identifiers for connected TV
Connected TVs are another area where cookie technology is not available, and, instead, Google will rely on device identifiers designed for use in advertising to serve ads. Many connected TV devices support an identifier for advertising that is similar in function to mobile device identifiers. These identifiers are built to give users the option to reset them or to opt out of personalized advertising entirely.
The following “Ads” settings are available on TVs with the following consistent language:
Reset advertising ID
Delete advertising ID
Opt out of Ads Personalization (on or off)
Ads by Google (links to About Google ad personalization)
Your advertising ID (long string)
These Ads settings are available in the following paths on Google TV and Android TV respectively.
Google TV
Consistent path to Ads:
Settings
Privacy
Ads
Android TV
Ads settings show up in one of two general paths for Android TV depending on the TV manufacturer/model. In Android TV, partners have the freedom to adapt the Settings path. It’s up to the partner which path they use to best fit their custom TV experience but below are the common paths to Ad settings.
Path A:
Settings
About
Legal Information
Ads
Path B:
Settings
Devices Preferences
About
Legal Information
Ads
Non-Google Devices
Many connected TV devices support identifiers for advertising and offer ways for users to opt out of personalized advertising. A full list of those devices, and ways users can opt out, is kept updated on the Network Advertising Initiative’s website here:
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
What determines the ads by Google that I see?
Many decisions are made to determine which ad you see.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on your current or past location. Your IP address is usually a good indication of your approximate location. So you might see an ad on the homepage of YouTube.com that promotes a forthcoming movie in your country, or a search for ‘pizza’ might return results for pizza places in your town.
Sometimes the ad you see is based on the context of a page. If you’re looking at a page of gardening tips, you might see ads for gardening equipment.
Sometimes you might also see an ad on the web that’s based on your app activity or activity on Google services; an in-app ad that’s based on your web activity; or an ad based on your activity on another device.
Sometimes the ad you see on a page is served by Google but selected by another company. For example, you might have registered with a newspaper website. From information you’ve given the newspaper, it can make decisions about which ads to show you, and it can use Google’s ad serving products to deliver those ads.
The ad you see on a household device, such as a connected TV (such as a Smart TV), may be related to the web or app activity from devices within the same household.
You may also see ads on Google products and services, including Search, Gmail, and YouTube, based on information, such as your email address, that you provided to advertisers and the advertisers then shared with Google.
Why am I seeing ads by Google for products I’ve viewed?
You may see ads for products you previously viewed. Let’s suppose you visit a website that sells golf clubs, but you don’t buy those clubs on your first visit. The website owner might want to encourage you to return and complete your purchase. Google offers services that let website operators target their ads to people who visited their pages.
For this to work, Google either reads a cookie that’s already in your browser or places a cookie in your browser when you visit the golfing site (assuming your browser lets this happen).
When you visit another site that works with Google, which may have nothing to do with golfing, you might see an ad for those golf clubs. That’s because your browser sends Google the same cookie. In turn, we may use that cookie to serve you an ad that could encourage you to buy those golf clubs.
Your visit to the golfing site may also be used by Google to show you personalized ads when you later search for golf clubs on Google.
We do have restrictions on this type of ad. For example, we prohibit advertisers from selecting an audience based on sensitive information, such as health information or religious beliefs.
Learn more about
Google ads
.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語