This privacy notice aims to inform you on the following, regarding collecting, processing and transferring of your personal data Hiwell Teknoloji A.Ş. (shall be referred to as “Hiwell” hereafter) having its registered office at Acıbadem Neighborhood, Çeçen Street, Akasya B Block No: 25 B Inner Door No: 32 Üsküdar/Istanbul:
Which personal data is collected and processed by Hiwell,
The purpose for which Hiwell collects and processes your personal data,
With whom Hiwell shares your personal data with,
Whether your personal data is transferred outside the UK,
How Hiwell stores and protects your personal data, and
The extent of your rights regarding your personal data.
Within the scope of this Privacy Notice,
“Personal Data” means data on an identified or identifiable individual and
“Processing” means actions such as collecting, revoking authorization, accessing, sharing, storing and destroying, in relation to Personal Data.
I. Processed Personal Data, Purpose of Processing and Data Processor
Hiwell processes your personal data listed in the table below for defined purposes, using defined units and limited in periods defined.
Your personal data described below will be processed in order to fulfill the legal obligations Hiwell is subject to and for the purposes of fulfilling our contractual obligations under the service agreement. We do not rely on your explicit consent when processing your personal data other than where we obtain your consent for marketing purposes. You are able to unsubscribe or withdraw your consent for marketing at any time.
Personal Data
Purpose of Processing and lawful basis of processing
Storage Period
Name, Surname
For compliance with relevant legislation and fulfilling contractual obligations within the scope of the service agreement
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Telephone Number, E-mail address, Address
For compliance with relevant legislation and fulfilling contractual obligations within the scope of the service agreement as well as contacting in cases of emergency
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Age
To direct clients to suitable psychotherapists and to inform relevant psychotherapists on the clients. It is in our legitimate interest in providing you with access to the platform.
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Name and surname of the emergency contact
For compliance with relevant legislation and fulfilling contractual obligations within the scope of the service agreement as well as contacting in cases of emergency
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
IP Information
For compliance with relevant legislation and fulfilling contractual obligations within the scope of the service agreement
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Device ID Information
For compliance with relevant legislation and fulfilling contractual obligations within the scope of the service agreement
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Case File (ID Information, address information)
For compliance with law and legal processes and measures in the context of legal action, to protect our legitimate interests in the event of uncollected product fees. Monitoring unlicensed software use in case one of the parties takes legal action in the context of a dispute
Ten (10) years following the finalization of the trial period
Case file (Subject of dispute and all related information and documents)
For compliance with law and legal processes and measures in the context of legal action, to protect our legitimate interests in the event of uncollected product fees. Monitoring unlicensed software use in cases one of the parties takes legal action in case of dispute
Ten (10) years following the finalization of the trial period
Collection of Personal Data for our legitimate interest in improving our platform provided, to offer new products and services in line with customer satisfaction and needs and other commercial purposes.
Personal Data
Purpose of Processing and lawful basis of processing
Storage Period
E-mail address
For our legitimate interest in improving the service provided, to provide new services in line with customer satisfaction and needs and for marketing purposes
During the service period
IP Information
For our legitimate interest in improving the service provided, to provide new services in line with customer satisfaction and needs and for marketing purposes
During the service period
Device ID Information
For our legitimate interest in improving the service provided, to provide new services in line with customer satisfaction and needs and for marketing purposes
During the service period
Collection of special category personal data to enable the provision of psychological counseling by suppliers.
Personal Data
Purpose of Processing and lawful basis of processing
Storage Period
Sex
To provide our service and fulfil our contractual obligations including to direct clients to suitable psychotherapists and to provide the requisite information to the relevant psychoterapists
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
Mental Health Conditions
To provide our service and fulfil our contractual obligations including to direct clients to suitable psychotherapists and to relevant psychoterapists with the requisite information in relation to the clients
Stored until the end of the 10 (ten) year storage period following the expiration of service relation.
When processing the above mentioned special category Personal Data we do so for the purposes of entering into a contract with you for the provision of services. When processing special category personal data, data protection laws require us to identify a special condition for that processing. The special condition we rely on is the provision of health care and can be found under Article 9 (2) (h) of the GDPR.
Your sensitive personal data such as sex and mental health conditions are collected by Hiwell and shared with contracted suppliers of the platform (this includes the psychoterapist that provides counselling and a third party call centre). Your Sensitive Personal Data will not, under any circumstance, be shared with third parties apart from the service providers via our platform.
II. Method of Collecting Personal Data
Personal data listed here are collected directly from the data subject.
III. Storage Period
Your personal data will be stored for the period specified under the “Storage Period” title in the tables. Your Personal Data is deleted or destroyed at the first destruction period following the expiry of the said period.
IV. Transfer or Disclosure to Third Parties
Hiwell may transfer or disclose the above personal data to comply with contractual and legal obligations. Hiwell may share your personal data with:
(1) other relevant units within Hiwell, including technical support, third parties such as banks, audit companies, lawyers, law offices and financial advisors as well as third parties required by the business and/or service provider including psychotherapists, limited to the service acquired to fulfill be obligations and proportional to these purposes, and
(2) law enforcement, public organizations, relevant ministries and directorates and public bodies and institutions including Social Security Institution appointed by labor law and social security law, and other public bodies authorized by laws.
V. Transferring Personal Data Abroad
Hiwell shares,
(1) your personal data related to Device ID and IP address with Google Analytics residing at [1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043] who provides web analysis services, and
(2) your personal data related to psychological support such as your answers at registration and messages between you and your consultant, with AWS Cloud and MongoDB residing at Frankfurt, Germany and providing server and cloud services.
Furthermore, Hiwell corporate e-mail network operates on Gmail (Google) software. In this case, all e-mail communication you perform over Hiwell business e-mail address is stored in Gmail (Google) servers abroad, with encryption. Hiwell will encrypt your personal data you will send attached to e-mails.
VI. Automated Decision Making
When assigning you a counsellor, our App uses automated decision making to ensure the most appropriate counsellor is selected based on your responses to some initial questions. This automated decision making does not have any legal or material impact on the rights and freedoms of users.
VII. Social Media
Our webpage may also use plug-ins from the social media platforms.
When you enter our website that contains a plug-in, your browser will create a direct link to the servers of the social media platforms. They may receive information about you, the fact that you have visited our website, your IP-address and whether you have interacted with their plug-in at our website. These data will be stored with the social media companies in the countries where they are located, including in the USA. The social media companies will receive the information whether you are a user on their social media platform or not.
You can prevent the social media plug-ins from loading by using a script-blocker add-on, which you can download for your browser.
We do not have any influence on the collection or processing of personal data that is carried out by social media platforms.
You can read more regarding how Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and Twitter process your data at the following link:
Twitter:
https://twitter.com/en/privacy
Facebook:
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Instagram:
https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875/?maybe_redirect_pol=0
YouTube:
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/
VIII. Your rights
If you are in the UK or the EU, you have rights over your personal data (just so you know, these are not absolute). Please ask us about any of these rights and we will be happy to help.
If you are in the UK or the EU, you may have the right to:
find out what information we hold about you.
ask us to provide you with a copy of your information.
ask us to make changes to your information.
ask us to correct, delete, limit or stop using your information.
ask us to move your information to a third party.
change your mind about us holding your information (or sending you marketing).
These rights are not absolute – if a right doesn't apply, or only applies to some of your information or some of the things we do with it, we'll let you know as part of our reply to you.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights over your information, you can contact us at
hello@hiwellapp.com
Our Data Protection Officer is Ali Ozan Özçiçek. You can email them at:
ozan@hiwellapp.com
If you have any concerns, you have the right to make a complaint to a data protection supervisory authority.
If you are in the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO). You can visit their website at www.ico.org.uk.
If you are in the EU, you can find your local data protection authority
here
.
You can submit the above demands to the email address
hello@hiwellapp.com
. Hiwell will conclude your demand at the shortest time possible and get most within 30 (thirty) days following the receipt of relevant documents.
Data Controller:
Hiwell Teknoloji A.Ş.
Contact Number:
+90 444 98 66
You can contact us at:
Address:
Acıbadem Neighborhood, Çeçen Street, Akasya B Block No: 25 B Inner Door No: 32 Üsküdar/Istanbul
E-Mail:
hello@hiwellapp.com
You can find our Privacy Policy at and our cookie policy at our website:
www.hiwellapp.com
Emergency
112 / 999
Hotline (UK – Local rate)
+44 (0) 8457 90 90 90
Hotline (UK – Minicom)
+44 (0) 8457 90 91 92
Hotline (ROI – Minicom)
1850 60 90 91
Hotline (ROI – Local rate)
1850 60 90 90
Samaritans.org (UK & Ireland)
samaritans.org
Help for suicidal thoughts (UK)
nhs.uk
YourLifeCounts.org (UK & Ireland)
yourlifecounts.org
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://twitter.com/en/privacy:
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Settings
Privacy Center
Help Center
Policy Archive
Download PDF
X Privacy Policy
Effective: November 15, 2024
Before you scroll, read this
It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use X want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a post, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail.
With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use X by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared.
So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this:
X is a public platform
Learn what’s viewable & searchable
We collect some data
about you
Learn what we collect & how
Affiliate services may have their own policies
Learn about affiliates
We use your data to make X better
Learn how we make your info work
You can control your experience
Learn how to update your settings
If you have questions about how we use data, just ask
Learn how to contact us
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
Privacy Policy
1. Information We Collect
2. How We Use Information
3. Sharing Information
4. How Long We Keep Information
5. Take Control
6. Your Rights and Ours
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
9. General
10. How To Contact X
1. Information We Collect
The information we collect when you use X falls into three categories.
1.1 Information you provide us.
To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services.
Personal Accounts.
If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Creators”); a username (for example, @XCreators); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and posts, and to upload your address book to X to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple X accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise.
Professional Accounts.
If you create a
professional account
, you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public.
Payment Information.
In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address.
Preferences.
When you set your preferences using your
settings
, we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences.
Biometric Information.
Based on your consent, we may collect and use your biometric information for safety, security, and identification purposes.
Job Applications / Recommendations.
We may collect and use your personal information (such as your biographical information, employment history, educational history, employment preferences, skills and abilities, and job search activity and engagement, in addition to the information we already collect as disclosed in the “Information we collect when you use X” section of our Privacy Policy below) to recommend potential jobs to you, to share with potential employers when you apply for a job, to enable connections for professional opportunities, and to show you more relevant advertising.
1.2 Information we collect when you use X.
When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep X more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you.
Usage Information.
We collect information about your activity on X, including:
Posts and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of X) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and Communities you are a part of.
Your interactions with other users’ content, such as reposts, likes, bookmarks, shares, downloads, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting).
How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, metadata related to
Encrypted Messages
, and when you use
Direct Messages
, including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.
We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you).
Purchase and payments.
To allow you to make a payment or send money using X features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received.
Device Information.
We collect information from and about the devices you use to access X, including:
Information about your connection, such as your IP address, browser type, and related information.
Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.
Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us.
Location Information.
When you use X, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used X by enabling these settings in your account.
Inferred Identity.
We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below:
When you sign into X on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into X (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or X-generated identiﬁers).
When you provide other information to X, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your X account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to X.
When you access X and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect.
Log Information.
We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as:
IP address and related information; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on X; X-generated identiﬁers; and identiﬁers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through X.
Advertisements.
When you view or interact with ads we serve on or oﬀ X, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with reposts of or replies to an ad).
Cookies and similar technologies.
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public proﬁles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
Interactions with our content on third-party sites.
When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate X content, such as embedded timelines or post buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited.
1.3 Information we receive from third parties.
When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us.
Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers.
Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, X-generated identifiers,
mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives,
generates, or infers
about you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations.
We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other X users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our
corporate affiliates
, and other services you link to your X account. You may choose to connect your X account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service.
2. How We Use Information
Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always
contact us
. Here we go:
2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services.
We use the information we collect to provide and operate X products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on X, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover
affiliates
, third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect to your X account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services.
We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications.
We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your
settings
, which helps make ads on X more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of X. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by X from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with X and that X receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy.
2.2  Foster safety and security.
We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on X - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law.
2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better.
We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better.
2.4 Communicate with you about our services.
We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time.
2.5 Research.
We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services.
3. Sharing Information
You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information.
3.1 When you post and share.
With the general public
. You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. X content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view some content on X. They may also find X content off of X: for example, from search query results on Internet search engines or videos downloaded and reshared elsewhere (depending on your
settings
).
With other X users.
Depending on your
settings
, and based on the X products and services you use, we share:
Your interactions with X content of other users, such as replies, and people you follow.
Content you send to a specific X user, such as through
Direct Messages
. Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected posts with someone else who accesses X through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service.
With partners.
Depending on your
settings
, we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our
Help Center
. You can control whether X shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your
Privacy & Safety settings
. (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this
Help Center
article.)
3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations.
With service providers.
We may share your information with our
service providers
that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; applicant tracking system providers to send and receive applicant and job data to potential employers; and those that provide fraud detection services.
With advertisers.
Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off X. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from X, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other X-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address.
Third-party content & integrations.
We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you
authorize a third-party web client or application
to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on X or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your
autoplay settings
if you prefer that content not to play automatically.
Third-party collaborators.
Depending on your
settings
, or if you decide to share your data, we may share or disclose your information with third parties. If you do not opt out, in some instances the recipients of the information may use it for their own independent purposes in addition to those stated in X’s Privacy Policy, including, for example, to train their artificial intelligence models, whether generative or otherwise.
Through our APIs.
We use technology like
APIs
and embeds to make public X information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying posts on a news website or analyzing what people say on X. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have
standard terms
that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with X, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on X. For more information about how we make public data on X available to the world, visit
https://developer.x.com
.
3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest.
We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a law, regulation,
legal process, or governmental request
;
protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services;
explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of
our Rules
);
address fraud, security, or technical issues; or
protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services.
We may also use different signals and your data to infer, preserve, use, share, or disclose your age and identity information in order to comply with regulatory requirements as well as for safety, security, fraud, know-your-customer, know-your-business, and identity verification, as the case may be. We may also share or disclose your age and identity information with our partners, service providers, and others for these purposes.
3.4 With our Affiliates.
We may share information amongst our
affiliates
to provide our products and services.
3.5 As a result of a change in ownership.
We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity.
4. How Long We Keep Information
We keep different types of information for different periods of time, depending on how long we need to retain it in order to provide you with our products and services, to comply with our legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
We keep your profile information, such as your display name, user name, password and email address for the duration of your account. We cannot provide you with our products and services without retaining this information.
We keep your usage information, such as the content you post, your interactions with other users’ content and how you interact with others on the platform for the duration of your account or until such content is removed.
We keep your payment information, including your credit or debit card number and billing address for the duration you use our paid products and services. Records of transactions will be kept for longer, in accordance with applicable law.
If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will keep information about the communication and its content for up to 18 months, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our legal rights.
We generally collect device information, location information, inferred identity information and log information using cookies. We keep cookies and information collected using cookies for up to 13 months. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies
here
.
We keep information about your views or interactions with ads on or off X, as well as how you interact with our content on third-party sites for up to 90 days.
We keep information shared by ad and business partners for up to 90 days.
Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (such as your email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts.
We may need to keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. For example:
To comply with a law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Including in order to adhere to a legally appropriate preservation request made by law enforcement. You can read more about law enforcement access
here
.
In connection with legal claims, litigation and regulatory matters.
Including where it is reasonably necessary to retain information relating to your account in order to defend X against legal claims.
To maintain the safety and security of our products and services.
Including where it is necessary to store your information longer in order to investigate and fight abuse on our products and services.
Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after it is removed from X. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your posts longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on X. You can read more about search visibility
here
.
5. Take Control
5.1 Access, Correction, Portability.
You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account
settings
.
You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in
Your X Data
and request access to additional information
here
.
You can download a copy of your information, such as your posts, by following the instructions
here
.
To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity.
5.2 Deleting your Information.
If you follow the instructions
here
, your account will be deactivated and your data will be queued for deletion. When deactivated, your X account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on X.com, X for iOS, and X for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your X account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated.
5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent.
You can manage your privacy settings and other account features
here
. If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your X experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. You may also manage additional settings when interacting with certain content and features on different parts of the platform, such as whether a
Space
is recorded, or whether
videos you upload
are downloadable by others.
5.4 Authorized Agent Requests.
To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact X section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification.
6. Your Rights and Ours
We provide X to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure X respects local requirements.
6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information.
X has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out
this additional information about data processing
. And no, we don’t sell your personal information.
6.2 We move your data to make X work for you.
Just as you use X to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, X must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us.
We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage
our affiliates
and third-party partners and
service providers
located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on
standard contractual clauses
(SCCs), where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected. To request a copy of the SCCs, please contact us
here
. If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly.
X is a
participant
in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF. X complies with the DPF Principles for all its processing of personal data received from the European Union, Switzerland and the UK, in reliance on the EU-US DPF, Swiss-US DPF and UK Extension to the EU-US DPF, respectively. If you have an inquiry or complaint related to our participation in the DPF, please contact us
here
. As part of our participation in the DPF, if you have a dispute with us about our adherence to the DPF Principles, we will seek to resolve it through our internal complaint resolution process, alternatively through the US-based independent dispute resolution body
JAMS
, and under certain conditions, through the DPF Arbitration Process following the procedures and subject to the conditions described in
Annex 1
to the DPF Principles. DPF participants are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. Under certain circumstances, participants may be liable for the transfer of personal data from the EU, Switzerland and the UK to third parties outside the EU, Switzerland and the UK. Learn more about the EU-US DPF, the Swiss-US DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF
here
.
7. X's Audience
8. Changes To This Privacy Policy
The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed.
If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use X.
9. General
The X Privacy Policy is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X Privacy Policy shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X Privacy Policy.
10. How To Contact X
We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our
Privacy Policy Inquiries
page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below.
Information about our handling of California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requests is available
here
. Information about our handling of “Consumer Health Data” and associated requests as defined under Washington State’s My Health My Data Act and other similar state laws is available
here
.
If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of:
X Corp.
Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry
865 FM 1209, Building 2
Bastrop, TX 78602
If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of:
Twitter International Unlimited Company
Attn: Data Protection Officer
One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street
Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND
If you live in Switzerland, you can also contact our appointed representative at the following address:
Twitter Switzerland GmbH
Attn: Data Protection Officer
c/o Wasag Treuhand AG
Bolligenstrasse 18
Bern, 3006, SWITZERLAND
If you wish to raise a concern about our
data processing practices
, you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the
contact details
listed on their website.
View previous policies
Take control of your privacy
Adjust your settings
Did someone say … cookies?
X and its partners use cookies to provide you with a better, safer and
  faster service and to support our business. Some cookies are necessary to use
  our services, improve our services, and make sure they work properly.
Show more about your choices
.
Accept all cookies
Refuse non-essential cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://en-gb.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Facebook
Email or phone
Password
Forgotten account?
Create New Account
It looks like you were misusing this feature by going too fast. You’ve been temporarily blocked from using it.
Back
English (UK)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information that we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off Meta Products and to provide features such as maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies that we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off our Products, and provide features such as maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Centre
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 2
https://www.youtube.com/howyoutubeworks/user-settings/privacy/:
youtube.com/howyoutubeworks uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
How user settings work
Privacy controls
Overview
Your data in YouTube
Incognito mode
Keeping you safe online is core to everything that we do – it is our commitment to be transparent about the data that we collect while giving you choice and control over your data. The data that you provide to Google and YouTube delivers helpful services to you. YouTube is part of Google and adheres to Google's Privacy Policy and principles. You can always control your privacy settings by visiting
Your data in YouTube
or your
Google Account
.
Resources
Read Google's privacy policies
Learn about Google's privacy and security principles
Understanding the basics of privacy on YouTube apps
Your data in YouTube
Your data in YouTube is a feature that makes it easier for you to understand and control what data is saved and how it is used on YouTube and across Google. It gives you quick access to YouTube privacy controls, as well as information about
how YouTube works
with your data, such as your search and watch history. The activity in your history is private and is used to improve your experience, like reminding you what you've watched and giving you more relevant recommendations and search results. You can remove specific videos from your watch history and queries from your search history, pause your watch and search history or start afresh by clearing your entire watch and search history. Any videos removed from your history will no longer influence your recommendations and queries that you've removed won't be shown in your search bar as suggestions.
Your data in YouTube:
Manage your privacy settings across YouTube and Google
Resources
Manage your data in YouTube
Review your privacy settings across your Google Account
YouTube Incognito mode
YouTube Incognito mode lets you browse privately in a session so that your account search and watch history will not reflect whatever you're viewing and will not be carried over to your logged-in account.
Incognito mode:
Browse privately so that search and watch history won't influence or reflect what is being viewed
Resources
Learn how to browse YouTube while incognito
Related articles
Protecting user data
Read more
Ad Settings
Read more
Parental controls
Read more