Privacy Policy
Overview
At Klubfunder we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services
                                 you have requested of us. Below are details of our privacy policy. It tells you how we collect and process data received from you on our site.
                                 If you have any comments or queries on this policy, please email them to
hello@klubfunder.com
.
Who we are
Klubfunder Ltd is a Belfast based technology company specialising in providing digital fundraising services for sports clubs, sports associations and schools.
We have offices at the following locations
Klubfunder / Stiona Software
Office Suite 4
Ormeau House
Belfast, BT7 1SH
Klubfunder Ltd
Unit 1, Sperrin View Business Park
Maghera
BT46 5LT
Who are our customers
Klubfunder provides services to the following:
Sports Clubs & Sports Associations
- Klubfunder provides a development toolkit for sports clubs and sports associations to assist with fundraising activities, governance and general activities.
Schools
- Klubfunder provides a development toolkit for schools to assist with fundraising activities, governance and general activities.
What information we collect
Klubfunder is committed to ensuring that all personal information will be processed to legally
                                        compliant standards of data protection and data security.
We are registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
Registration reference: ZA219563
Klubfunder may capture personal information in the following circumstances:
-information collected on behalf of clubs or schools as part of their usage of the platform e.g. ticket sales for fundraising events, collection of member registration details etc.
-clubs or members who contact us for support on existing services
-people contact us about our services
-people contact us about career opportunities
-management of staff and operations
How we use your information
We use information about you to:
Present site content effectively to you
Provide information, products and services that you request, or (with your consent) which we think may interest you
Carry out our contracts with you
Cookies
We use cookies to distinguish users and improve our site. Please look at our
Cookie Policy
for more cookie information.
Where we store your data
We store collected data in secure servers within the European Economic Area (EEA). Occasionally it may be processed outside the EEA to fulfil your order and deal with payment processing.
By giving us your personal data, you agree to this arrangement. We will do what we reasonably can to keep your data secure.
Payments will be encrypted. If we give you a password, you must keep it confidential. Please don't share it. Although we try to provide protection, we cannot guarantee
                                        complete security for your data, and you take the risk that any sending of that data turns out to be not secure despite our efforts.
Disclosing your information
Disclosure terms
We will not pass or sell your details to any third parties but we may sometimes share your information with sub processors who are authorised to act on
                                                Klubfunders behalf, for example in the processing of online payments.
In addition we may exchange your personal information with other organisations for the purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction.
                                                In these circumstances we always require strict compliance from these organisations with our instructions and,
                                                in the case of third party organisations, require that your personal information is not used for their own business purposes.
Any information we collect is stored and processed in the European Economic Area (EEA).
                                                Occasionally it may be processed outside the EEA to fulfil your order and deal with payment processing.
                                                Other than as set out in these terms or as required by law, your personal information is not shared with third
                                                parties or used in any other way, unless you agree
We are allowed to disclose your information in the following cases:
If we want to sell our business, or our company, we can disclose it to the potential buyer
We can disclose it to other businesses in our group
We can disclose it if we have a legal obligation to do so, or in order to protect other people's property, safety or rights
We can exchange information with others to protect against fraud or credit risks.
Your rights
The Data Protection Act 2018 gives you the right to see information we hold about you. You can contact us by email at
hello@klubfunder.com
to request this information.
You have the "right to be forgotten". You can contact us at any time by email at
hello@klubfunder.com
and request to have your details removed from the system.
You have the right to make a Subject Access Request to any organisation storing or processing your personal data. Details about Subject Access Requests can be found here (https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/personal-information/).
                                                Should you wish to raise a Subject Access Request with Klubfunder Ltd, please request a proforma by emailing
hello@klubfunder.com
Links to other sites
Please note that our terms and conditions and our policies will not apply to other websites that you get to via a link from our site.
Servicing of support requests
Klubfunder use a Freshworks secure service desk to help our partners support existing services.
                                            The service desk uses SSL encryption to protect the information within the service desk.
                                            More information on Freshworks commitment to Data protection can be found here ( https://www.freshworks.com/privacy/gdpr/).
                                            Retention of this information is as per required to service support request.
Contact Us
You can contact us at any time by sending an email to
hello@klubfunder.com
or in writing to
Information Systems Manager
Klubfunder Ltd
Suite 4 Ormeau House
91-97 Ormeau Road
Belfast Bt7 1SH
Policy Changes
We keep this policy under review. This policy was last updated on 8th May 2018.
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page. If we decide to, we may also email you.