Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 21 April 2020
We, at PE Melkomukov S.V.  (“Ohayo Games” "Ohayoo!" "Ohayo!" “we” or “us”), are committed to respecting your privacy and the integrity and security of your personal data.
​
Ohayo Games is data controller with registered office at Russian Federation.
​
This Privacy Policy applies to
www.ohayo.games
, all other sites or online services that are owned or operated by OHAYO GAMES, all mobile games published by OHAYO GAMES, OHAYO GAMES games that can be played through third-party platforms (collectively “Services”) We reserve the right to change our practices and this Privacy Policy at any time. Each time a user accesses our Services the current version of the Privacy Policy applies, and you agree that the personal data we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy, as updated. We encourage you to check this page regularly so that you know our current practices.
By downloading, accessing and/or using our Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including consenting to OHAYO GAMES’s and our partners’ use of your data for the purposes as described below. If you have any concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services.
​
1. What Data We Collect
The personal data we collect will depend on the circumstances and the Services you are using. We collect data in three ways: (a) data you provide to us; (b) data we collect automatically; and (c) data we collect from our partners.
a.     Data you provide to us
Limited and tokenized payment information may be collected when making a purchase
Other data you choose to give us
b.     Data we collect automatically
Data about your game progress
Your IP address and mobile device identifiers (such as your device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device name and operating system, browser type and language
General location data
Data about your use of the Services, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Services
c.       Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Services (such as Facebook, or Google)
Demographic data (such as to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (such as refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Services
2. Why Do We Collect Your Data
To make the Services work
To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
Allow you to use our Services
Operate the Services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide products and services you request
Send you Services-related communications
To make the Services more suitable for our players
To provide a great Services to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to:
Develop and improve the Services and player experience
Provide social features as part of the Services
Customize your Services experience
Respond to your comments and questions and provide player support
Share the progress of each player (progress games, items, interior) by the unique code of such players to other players.
To show personalized advertisements
To show you personalized advertisements in the Services we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and the Services
To keep the Services safe and fair
In order to keep the Services and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process necessary data to
Analyze, monitor and moderate use of the Services and its social features
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment all collected data.
3. Who Can See Your Data
Apart from OHAYO GAMES, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users
Other players and users can view the progress of your game, item, interior, only if such players and users themselves provide you with a unique access code.
Other companies and public authorities
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
Our Service Providers and Partners
We use third parties to help us operate and improve our Services. These third parties assist us with various tasks, including hosting and maintenance, on-going development, analytics, customer care, marketing, advertising. We may also share information with advertising partners who distribute advertising in our Services.
4. International Data Transfers
Our Services are global by nature, and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data, as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example, by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
5. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyze use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
6. How Do We Protect Your Data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our Services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We do periodic status checks to review when personal data needs to be deleted. However, as we process your personal data for various purposes, the actual period for which the personal data will be stored will depend on the circumstances. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we cannot identify you.
7. Age Limits
We collect anonymized player information. Our services are intended for people over 13 years of age, and can also be used by young people.
8. Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, you can contact us at m@ohayoo.org.