Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Ivymobile international enterprise limited games
Privacy Policy
(Last update August 2021)
1.Introduction
Hello! Welcome to the
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
Privacy Policy. This policy describes how
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
and, its other
group companies
(collectively described as “
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
”, “we”, “us” or “our”) and its third party marketing and advertising partners collect, use, process and share information about you.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of our games, whether played on our website, on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms such as Facebook. In this Privacy Policy we refer to our games, websites, marketing and advertising activities and other services collectively as our “Services”.
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
team has adopted this privacy policy to explain how
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
’s Services.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including consenting to
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
’s and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can withhold or withdraw your consent to the use of your data for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any other concerns about providing information to us or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy you should not use our games or other Services.
2.Personal Data That We Collect
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.
a)Account Information
When you use our Apps or Services, you may register an account with us to track your progress and to sync your activity across devices. To register an account, you may be asked to provide certain personal information to us, including your name, email address, and password. You are solely responsible for ensuring your account information is correct and up-to-date.
b)Information From Social Media Platforms
Personal information collected by
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
is information voluntarily provided to us by you when you create your account or change your account information. The information includes your Facebook id, name, gender, location and your friends’ id on Facebook.
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
also stores your game checking, likes, dislikes, recommendations and messages.
c)Activity and Usage Data
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
may use collected personal data for purposes of analyzing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving) and to further develop the Services and other
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
services and products.
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
may combine non-personal data with personal data.
d)non-personal information (Analytical Data)
We collect and use non-personal information (Analytical Data) during the use of our apps:
1. Are there any errors in the app? Where and when do they occur?
2. How long do users use our apps?
3. How do our users use our apps, which features are most popular and which ones are used less.
This helps us to gain a better understanding of our users, to draw conclusions for future concepts, and, ultimately, to develop better apps. In order to collect this information, we use Google Analytics.
The privacy policies for these services are available here:
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
Please note that certain features of the Services may be able to connect to your social networking sites to obtain additional information about you. In such cases,
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
may be able to collect certain information from your social networking profile when your social networking site permits it, and when you consent to allow your social networking site to make that information available to
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, profile picture, gender, user ID, email address, your country, your language, your time zone, the organizations and links on your profile page, the names and profile pictures of your social networking site friends and other information you have included in your social networking site profile.
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
may associate and/or combine as well as use information collected by
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
and/or obtained through such social networking sites in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information
We will only use your personal information as described in this Policy or as disclosed to you prior to such processing taking place. The purposes for which we may use your personal information include:
1)To Provide Our Services
We use your personal information to provide you with the Apps and any other services, purchases or requests in connection with the Services you request. This may include processing transactions, providing you with the requested features, syncing your data across your devices logged into your account, customer service, etc.
2)To Personalize Your Experience
We may process your information to personalize the Services for you. For example, we use your language preferences and country location to display the correct language and time zone in the Services. We also use certain information about your device (such as operating system version and screen resolution information) to optimize the display of pictures on your screen.
3)To Send You Service-Related Communications
We will use your information (such as contact information) to send you communications about your account, requested transactions, and changes in our policies. Please note that you may not opt out of such communications, which are necessary to keep you informed about important updates about your account and the Services.
4)To Conduct Analytics and Other Internal Purposes
We may use your personal information to conduct analytics. This can be used for quality control, internal auditing, and to measure how our Apps, Services, and ad campaigns are performing. We also use your personal information to accumulate and report aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Apps, Services and user activity, in order to help us operate, enhance and improve our Services.
5)To Ensure Security of our Services
While we are offering services, it is used for the purposes of identity verification, customer service, security protection, combatting spam, malware, and malicious activity, fraud monitoring, archiving and backups, ensuring the security of the products and services that we provide to you.
4.Security
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.  Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Services in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems.  Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information.  We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5. Data Retention
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
retains your personal data for as long as needed to provide you Services, unless we are required by law to delete or if
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
accepts your request to delete the information. We will also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
6.Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party products and services.
IVYMOBILE INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISE LIMITED
and our advertising partners collect and use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games. To provide our games, Websites and interest-based advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.
7.Children
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us.
8.Your rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below.
9.Contact us
To communicate with us and/or use your rights specified under this Privacy Policy please contact us at:
hkiosdev@163.com
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it