Reports Pro for Followers：Privacy Policy
“Reports Pro for Followers”
Effective Date: 6 December 2022
This Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and disclose the information, including personal information, and data that our users provide or we collect in connection with the Reports Pro for Followers's website or game provided on a mobile platform (each a “Service,” collectively, the “Services”). Additionally, this Policy describes your rights and choices concerning your information.
Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information and data collected or received by Reports Pro for Followers through your use of the Services. Reports Pro for Followers is not responsible for the actions of individuals with no relationship to Reports Pro for Followers or third-party companies, the content of their sites, the use of information or data you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those individuals or companies. If you do not want Reports Pro for Followers to collect, store, use, or share your information in the ways described in this Policy, you should not use our Services.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our
Terms of Service.
1.Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service for you.
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to the IP address of your mobile device, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system, your geographic position and diagnostic data (“Usage Data”). The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The App does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you. Third-party service providers collect data of App users via identifiers for mobile devices (Identifier for Advertisers or IDFA), cookies and similar technologies. In order to understand how they collect and process your data consult their privacy policy.
Link to privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the App:
Firebase Analytics
appsflyer.com
Ads-Global
AppLovinSDK
Fyber_Marketplace_SDK
Google-Mobile-Ads-SDK
InMobiSDK
IronSourceSDK
SigmobAd-iOS
UnityAds
VungleSDK-iOS
Data We Collect from You and How We Collect It
a.Data you provide to us
Contact information (such as name and email address)
Profile information (such as profile photo)
Your messages to the Services (such as chat logs and player support tickets)
Other data you choose to give us (such as data to identify a lost account)
b.Data we collect automatically
Data about your account
Data about your game progress
Your IP address
Your mobile device identifiers (device ID, advertising ID, MAC address, IMEI)
Data about your device, such as device type and operating system, browser type and language
Data we collect with cookies and similar technologies (see below)
General location data
Precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent)
Data about your use of the Services, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players inside the Services
c.Data we collect from our partners
Data we receive if you link a third-party tool with the Service (such as Facebook, Instagram, or Google)
Demographic data (to determine the coarse location of your IP address)
Data to fight fraud (refund abuse in games or click fraud in advertising)
Data from platforms that the games run on (to verify payment)
Data for advertising and analytics purposes (to provide you a better Service)
2. How We Use Your Data
Our key reason to collect your data is to be able to deliver the Service. To perform the contract, we process data necessary to:
Create accounts and allow you to play our games and use our Service
Operate the Services
Verify and confirm payments
Provide and deliver products and services you request
Send you Services-related communications
To provide great Service to our players, we have a legitimate interest to collect and process data necessary to:
Update and develop player profiles
Enable you to communicate with other players
Develop and improve the player experience
Manage our relationship with you
Provide social features
Customize your experience
Provide effective and efficient player support
Provide you offers in the Service as well as in other websites and services, and by email
Send you related information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages
To show you personalized advertisements in the Service as well as in other websites and services (including email), we have a legitimate interest to process data necessary to:
Track the content you access in connection with the Services and your online behavior
Deliver, target and improve our advertising and Services
For information on how to opt-out from personalized advertisements, see section ‘Your rights and options’ below.
In order to keep the Service and its social features safe and fair, to fight fraud and ensure acceptable use otherwise, we have a legitimate interest to process data necessary to:
Analyze and monitor use of the Service and its social features
Moderate chat, messages and user comments, either automatically or manually
Take action against fraudulent or misbehaving players
To analyze, profile, and segment
In all of the above cases and purposes, we may analyze, profile and segment collected data.
With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to show you local events.
3. How We May Disclose Your Data to Third Parties
Apart from Reports Pro for Followers, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:
Other players and users may see your profile data, in-game activities and read the messages you have posted.
Partners working for Reports Pro for Followers process your data only at and according to Reports Pro for Followers´s instructions to provide the Service, such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.
In order to combat fraud and illegal activity, we may exchange data with other companies and organizations and provide it to public authorities in response to lawful requests.
We may also disclose your data based on your consent, to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our players or others.
The Service includes features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools and in-game advertising. These partners may access your data and operate under their own privacy policies. We encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their data processing practices.
4. International Data Transfers
Our Services are global by nature and your data can therefore be transferred to anywhere in the world. Because different countries may have different data protection laws than your own country, we take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data as explained in this Policy. Adequate safeguards that our partners may use include standard contractual clauses approved by EU Commission and the Privacy Shield certification in case of transfers to the USA.
5. Your Rights and Options
Opt-out of targeted advertising
You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device.
Apple devices:
Open Settings
Select Privacy
Select Advertising and enable "Limit Ad Tracking"
Android devices:
Open Settings
Select Google
Select Ads and enable "Opt out of Ads Personalization"
Access the personal data we hold about you
If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format.
Your other rights
You also have the right to correct your data, have your data deleted, object how we use or share your data, and restrict how we use or share your data. You can always withdraw your consent, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
We will respond to all requests within a reasonable timeframe. You may also contact your local data protection authority within the EEA for unresolved complaints.
Opt-out of marketing emails and other direct marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails from us by following the instructions in such communications.
6. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Services may then not function properly.
For further information go to
cookie-policy
7. How Do We Protect Your Data
Security Safeguards
In order to help ensure a secure and safe player experience, we are continuously developing and implementing administrative, technical and physical security measures to protect your data from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration.
Data retention
We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide our Services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We do periodic status checks to review when personal data needs to be deleted. However, as we process your personal data for various purposes, the actual period for which the personal data will be stored will depend on the circumstances. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we will either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we cannot identify you.
8. Age Limits
We appreciate the need to provide extra privacy protections to users who are children. Our Services are intended for use only by those aged 16 and over. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. In order to request the deletion of personal data, for any reason, please use the in-app support feature in our Services or contact us at the address provided below and we will take reasonable measures to promptly delete such personal data from our records.
9. Сalifornia Residents: Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives you the right to request disclosure of information that we collect about you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information (if we sell such information). This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process of handling those requests. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable information to verify your identity before we process your request.
Right to know
You may submit once a year, free of charge, a verifiable request to disclose what personal information we collect about you. The easiest way to submit a request is to use the in-app support feature (“Contact Us”) in our games. You may also submit your request via e-mail at
reportsproapp@gmail.com
Right to delete
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information we collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records. However, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers under certain circumstances, which will be explained to you at the time of the denial, if any. Should you wish any information about you deleted, you may use the in-app support feature (“Contact Us”) in our games or submit your request via e-mail at
reportsproapp@gmail.com
Right to opt-out
You have the right to opt-out of “sale” of your personal information, as defined by the CCPA. In certain circumstances we may share your information with our partners, who help us deliver advertisements in our games tailored to your interests. To learn what information we collect and how we share it with third parties for advertising purposes, please, go to
list-of-partners
.
If you would prefer that your personal information is not shared with third parties in this way, please, visit
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information”
.
Right to be free from discrimination
We may not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: (i) deny your our Services; (ii) charge you different prices or rates for our Services; (iii) provide you a different level or quality of Services; (iv) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for Services or a different level or quality of Services.
Authorized agents
You may exercise your CCPA rights by designating an authorized agent. If you would like to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, please, be sure that the agent can (i) demonstrate you have provided written permission for the agent to submit a request on your behalf and (ii) provide proof of his or her own identity. We reserve the right to require further reasonable information to verify the request. If the agent does not satisfy these requirements, we may deny the request.
10. Contact us
If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, you can contact us at
reportsproapp@gmail.com