Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 05th June 2019
Ground up Software Limited trading as Livecosts.com (“
we
“, “
us
”, “
our
”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) together with our and
Terms and Conditions
and any other documents referred to therein, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting www.Livecosts.com, (“
Site
”) or using our Solutions and Services you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
For the purpose of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, (“
GDPR
”)
or any subsequent amendment or replacement or supplementary legislation (together “
Data Protection Law
”), the data controller is Ground up Software Limited of Suite B120 The Linc @ TU Blanchardstown, Blanchardstown Road North, Dublin 15, Ireland.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us.
You may give us information about you by filling in forms on our Site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to use our Site, Services or Solutions, apps, subscribe to our services or newsletter, place an order on our Site, enter a competition, participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on our Site, promotion or survey, events and seminars and when you report a problem with our Site. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, country of residence, employer, job title, department and work telephone and fax numbers and answers to personal security questions to enable multi-factor authentication.
Information we collect about you.
With regard to each of your visits to our Site or use of our Solutions and Services we may automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, CPU speed, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, service provider, screen resolution, location and language;
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our Site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from or to the page, any phone number used to call our customer service number, a Session ID (a unique identifier assigned to the browser in connection to the Site.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data that it may be shared internally and combined with data collected on this Site. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them.
COOKIES
We use cookies on our Site to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve the Site. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our
Cookie Policy
.
TRACKING, WEB BEACONS AND SIMILAR DEVICES
In order to improve our Solutions, Services and the Site and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to you, we and our vendors and agents may use web beacons, and similar devices to track your activities. A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed. A similar device may be used by which a Solution or Service may send data to a server when a set of user-initiated events occur such as the “Add Subscription” button is clicked. This device is similar to a cookie in that it tracks your visit and the data can only be read by the server that receives the data. It is different from a cookie in that it is not browser-based, may not function as an identification card, and does not store any data on your computer.
While we track your use of the Site and the Solutions and Services (such as the number of downloads, types of Solutions and Services used and downloaded, how many users we receive daily, the Site pages visited), and web servers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer, we do not generally use this information to identify you personally, If you expressly provide consent for the Site or the Solutions and Services to “remember” the unique identifier that you select when you register for various activities on the Site or the Solutions and Services, that unique identifier will be stored on a persistent cookie on your computer and that unique identifier will be linked to your registration information. As a result, your navigation path around the Site and the Solutions and Services will be tracked in identifiable form.
We may also collect data about your online activities on the Site for use in providing content and services tailored to your interests; Some Solutions and Services allow the tracking of access to or use of Solutions and Services by users, as opposed to us. For example, certain Solutions and Services allow document authors to restrict access to documents, track access to or use of those documents, or involve communications and transmission of data over the Internet to verify the authenticity of documents, authors and recipients. In many cases, this type of tracking will be obvious to you as a user of the Solutions and Services, and in others, the software and services license or terms of use, pop-up boxes, or email messages will inform you of these features and your options, such as disabling options.
Some Solutions and Services require activation, which tracks information including installation rights and number of installations.
Personal data that users provide about other individuals for tell-a-friend or other referral features on the Site or within Solutions and Services are used by us to send an initial communication to the person whose details you have provided, and are retained in our systems for 30 days in order for us to contact such third parties. If you are invited by someone else to participate in shared editing or viewing of documents, photos, websites or other content, you will typically be required to contact the person who invited you to update, correct or delete the personal data they provided about you. In general, even though we may delete an account you hold with us in these types of shared editing or viewing areas, we may continue to retain information regarding your past actions with respect to content reviews or sharing initiated by others.
We may also ask you to provide information about others such as when reporting suspected piracy. In this instance, we will ask for the person’s or company’s name and contact information so that we may investigate. Personal data supplied in these instances will only be used for the purpose being submitted and the duration of the investigation.
We hire other companies to place our banner ads on other websites. Such companies perform tracking and reporting activities on ads served and user reaction (“third-party advertisement servers”). They do not collect any information other than IP addresses and behaviours associated with those IP addresses on our behalf, and we do not give any personal data to them. Third-party advertisement servers are subject to their own privacy policies. We may also allow other companies to display advertisements on certain pages of the Site or within the Solutions and Services. If you click on these advertisements these companies may place a persistent cookie on your computer which may allow them to display further advertisements to you. It is our policy to require these companies to provide accessible methods for you to disable these cookies. Should you have any complaints about the practices of any of these companies you should contact
dataprotection@livecosts.com
.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways.
Information you give to us.
We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about;
to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
to administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Site about our goods or services that may interest you or them;
to measure frequency of use of Solutions and Services, types of services used and how many documents you upload for processing, for example for billing purposes;
to track purchases and use of Services as part of your order review;
to create aggregated, non-identifying statistical data for statistical analysis, improving the Site and providing more relevant experiences to users;
to automatically check that you are using the most current version or other products and services and to inform you via email, pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms if you need to upgrade to use services that you have requested;
to verify accuracy of data captured from documents you submit via autoentry.com, by our trained personnel may view the documents containing personal data temporarily.
Information we receive from other sources.
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
Information we share with third parties.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in sections 7 and 8 of the Irish Companies Act 2014.
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 250 women aged over 25 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, men living in Dublin). We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our Site.
Credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
Information we disclose to third parties.
We may disclose your personal data to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Ground up Software Limited sells assets (or the assets of a division or subsidiary) to another entity, or Ground Up Software Limited (or a division or subsidiary) is acquired by or merged with another entity, you agree that we may provide to such entity customer information that is related to that part of our business that was sold to or merged with the other entity, and in such case personal data about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our
Terms and Conditions
and/or any other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, safety, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We store our data in Heroku and AWS data centres. However, the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers or partners. Such staff or subcontractors maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details or the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In particular, this means that your personal data will only be transferred to a country that provides an adequate level of protection (for example, where the European Commission has determined that a country provides an adequate level of protection) or where the recipient is bound by standard contractual clauses according to conditions provided by the European Commission (“
EU Model Clauses
”).
Our Site is accessible via the internet and may potentially be accessed by anyone around the world. This means that where you chose to post your data on our Site, it could be accessed from anywhere around the world and therefore a transfer of your data outside of the EEA may be deemed to have occurred. You consent to such transfer of your data for and by way of this purpose.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted by the third party payment provider ‘Stripe’. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share any password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will endeavour to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
COMMUNITY SITES
Please note that any information you post to an Livecosts hosted public bulletin board, to a blog or community help (“
Community Sites
”) is available to all persons accessing that location, and your email address and other personal data or content you upload may also be posted on these Community Sites. The information you share, including your email address, would then be available to all persons accessing these Community Sites, and such information may be read, collected or used by others for any purpose, including sending you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for any information you elect to submit in these Community Sites or the use of such information. In addition, you should be aware that some Community Sites offer a service in which subscribers are emailed a copy of all messages posted to the Community Sites on a particular topic. Consequently, if you post a message to such Community Sites, your email address will be sent to those subscribers who have indicated an interest in the topic of your message. If you do not wish for your personal data to be posted or distributed in this manner, you should not participate in the Community Sites.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right under Data Protection Law, free of charge, to request:
Access to your personal data.
Rectification or deletion of your personal data.
A restriction on the processing of your personal data.
Object to the processing of your personal data.
A transfer of your personal data (data portability).
You can make a request in relation to any of the above rights by writing to us at the contact address given at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will respond to such queries within 30 days and deal with requests we receive from you, in accordance with the provisions of Data Protection Law.
In addition you may log in to your account and delete any or all documents previously submitted to us. In such case the data will be permanently, immediately deleted from our systems.
CONSENT
You have the right to withdraw your consent to us processing your personal data, at any time, by writing to us at the contact address given at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Where we process your personal data for marketing purposes, we will inform you and obtain your opt in consent (before collecting your personal data) if we intend to use your personal data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, please click on the opt out options and we will remove you from our mailing lists.
We may send push notifications from time to time to your mobile device in order to update you about important service or transactional updates. If you no longer wish to receive these communications, please disable these in the settings on your device.
DATA RETENTION
We retain personal data for as long as necessary for the relevant activity for which it was provided or collected. If you sign up for an account, this will be for as long as we provide access to the Site to you, your account with us remains open or any period set out in any relevant contract you have with us. However, we may keep some data after your account is closed or you cease using the Site for the purposes set out below. If you submit your contact details through a marketing initiative, we will delete your data if there is no engagement from you for 60 days.
After you have closed your account, or ceased using the Site for a period of at least 12 months, we usually delete personal data, however we may retain personal data where reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, resolve disputes, enforce our
Terms and Conditions
, or fulfil your request to “unsubscribe” from further messages from us.
We will retain de-personalised information after your account has been closed.
Please note: After you have closed your account or deleted information from your account, any information you have shared with others will remain visible. We do not control data that other users may have copied from the Site. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g. search engine results) until they refresh their cache.
COMPLAINTS
If you have any complaints about our use of your personal data please contact us as set out at the end of this Privacy Policy or contact our supervisory authority in Ireland : Data Protection Commission at, Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois, R32 AP23, Ireland.
AGE OF USERS
This Site is not intended for and shall not be used by anyone under the age of 16.
LOCATION OF USERS
Please note that where you use our Site from a location outside of the EEA, we will comply with local data protection and privacy laws in force in these jurisdictions in relation to any information that we collect from you or you provide to us when using the Site, Services or Solutions.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, when we make significant changes which affect your rights as a data subject, we will give you 30 days prior notice by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 05 th of June 2019 and replaces any other Privacy Policy previously applicable from this date.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Ground up Software Limited (Trading as Livecosts.com) at Suite B120 The Linc @ TU Blanchardstown, Blanchardstown Road North, Dublin 15, Ireland; or
By email:
dataprotection@livecosts.com