PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated 24 November 2022
Introduction
What personal data do we collect and access? How do we collect and access them?
How do we use personal data?
Sharing your personal data
Our service providers
How long do we store your personal data?
How do we keep your personal data safe?
Age limit
What are your privacy rights?
Changes to Our Privacy and Cookies Policy
How to contact us?
1. Introduction
As APPERTO BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI TIC. LTD. STI. (“Apperto”, “we”, “us” or “our”) we value your right to privacy and we are committed to protect your data. Therefore we created this Privacy Policy to provide you with information on what data we collect from you and how we use, collect and process it, the purposes of data processing and your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy applies to all Apperto applications and websites. If you do not agree with any terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use our applications and websites. If you do not install the latest version of our applications, please do not continue to use them.
2. What personal data do we collect and access? How do we collect and access them?
When you use our applications and websites, you provide us with personal data directly and additionally we receive data about you. The personal data that we collect and access varies on your interactions with us, our applications and websites. The personal data we collect and access can include the following:
(i) Personal data you share with us We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us. Examples of voluntarily shared personal data is as follows: If you choose to contact us via our applications, you share your email address and at your preference you may also share device model and other data.
(ii) We do not collect any other personal data other than what we can see about you when you voluntarily contact us through our support email addresses or other publicly available contact points. We do not store photos, videos, any kind of facial data in any server.
3. How do we use personal data?
We use your personal data for purposes based on performance of a contract, legal obligations and/or consent.
We use personal data you share directly with us by contacting us via our applications only for providing you technical support and improving our services. The legal basis of such collection is performance of a contract.
When you link your Twitter and/or Youtube account to our applications, Apperto applications only have access to data for performing the activities mentioned in Section 2
“What personal data do we collect and access? How do we collect and access them?”
. We do not collect, store or process these data in any other ways. All these data remain in your device and they are not transferred to us. The legal basis of such access is consent.
We may retain, use or disclose your personal data for the protection of you or the rights and freedoms of others, prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security or for the purpose of responding to binding requests from to a public authority or court.
4. Sharing your personal data
Except as noted below, we do not share your personal information with third parties unless you give us your consent. We only share personal information with third parties in the following circumstances:
(i) We may disclose your personal data for the protection of you or the rights and freedoms of others, prevention, investigation, detection or prosecution of criminal offences or the execution of criminal penalties, including the safeguarding against and the prevention of threats to public security or for the purpose of responding to binding requests from to a public authority or court.
(ii) If Apperto becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
(iii) We may disclose your personal data for any other purpose with your consent.
5. Our service providers
When we are rendering our services, we use third-party services operating in Ireland, the United States and other countries to send push notifications, measure interactions, analyze application usage, such as Google Analytics. These third-party services collect data such as device model and location (“usage data”) anonymously in order to send push notifications and provide us with measurements and analysis of how our applications and websites are used. The legal basis of such collection is performance of a contract.
We also use third-party services operating in the United States and other countries to give you technical support. These third-party services collect and store data you directly shared when you contact us for support. The legal basis of such collection is performance of a contract.
6. How long do we store your personal data?
Data you share directly with us when contacting us via our applications will be stored in our systems for 5 years.
We can store or erase your personal data earlier or later than stated herein if it is required by the relevant legislation or there is an ongoing investigation, prosecution, lawsuit or claim.
7. How do we keep your personal data safe?
We implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect the security of your personal data. However, please remember that no system is 100% secure.
8. Age limit
The offer of our applications and websites are not directed to children and you may not use our services if you are not at least 13. If you are under the age limit for processing of personal data set by your country, you must not use our applications and websites, or your parent or guardian on your behalf must allow it. We do not knowingly process personal data of a person under 18. If we become aware that we process personal data of a minor, we will erase such data immediately.
9. What are your privacy rights?
General Data Protection Regulation, a part of European Union law, grants individuals from member states of European Union rights regarding their personal data. These rights are as follows:
(i) Right of access – the right to be informed on your personal data processed by us and request a copy of it
(ii) Right to rectification – the right to request for amendment of the inaccurate personal data or to complete the incomplete personal data
(iii) Right to erasure - the right to request for deletion of your personal data
(iv) Right to restrict - the right to request for terminate processing all or some of your personal data
(v) Right to data Portability - the right to request a copy of your personal data processed by us in electronic format and transmit those data to another party
(vi) Right to object – the right to object us, at any time to processing your personal data
(vii) Right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing – this right includes profiling, which produces legal effects on you or similarly significant effect
You can exercise your rights by contacting us at
info@apperto.com
.
10. Changes to Our Privacy and Cookies Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you, if we make material changes to this Privacy Policy. We recommend you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay informed. By continuing to use our applications and websites, you agree to our data processing as described in this Privacy Policy.
11. How to contact us?
If you have any questions, requests or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us at the below mentioned contact information.
E-mail address:
info@apperto.com
Postal mail address:
APPERTO BILGI TEKNOLOJILERI TIC LTD STI
Suzer Bulvari Cinar 02-04 B18 No: 24 Daire: 3 
Bahcesehir Basaksehir – Istanbul, Turkey