Privacy Policy
1 Overview
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with the Terms and
    Conditions applicable to the EHTERAZ Application (hereinafter referred to
    as the “Application”). The Application is owned and operated by the
    Ministry of Public Health (“MOPH”) to contribute towards the national
    response to the new coronavirus (“COVID-19”) outbreak and contact tracing
    efforts being made to contain its spread and protect the health and
    wellbeing of the citizens and residents of Qatar.
Each individual’s privacy is very important to the MOPH and we understand
    its importance. We want you to feel safe when using this application and we
    are committed to maintaining your privacy while using the application. We
    require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality
    in accordance with applicable data protection laws in the State of Qatar.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) sets out the
    basis on which we process, share, secure, and delete any personal data we
    collect from you, or that you provide. Please read the following carefully
    to understand the manner in which your personal data is processed.
We want you to feel safe when using this Application and are committed to
    maintaining your privacy and confidentiality by using only the minimal
    amount of required information, personal data, and device permissions in
    order to function in a manner that aims to protect public health in the
    State of Qatar in light of the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak and in accordance
    to Law Number 13 of 2016 on Protecting Personal Data Privacy.
The Application is designed to support fast, accurate, digital contact
    tracing through your phone by using:
- Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) broadcasting to determine your proximity to a
    suspected, infected, or confined person, or an individual who subsequently
    becomes suspected, infected, or confined.
- Background location services should be enabled to always know where your
    device is located to maintain that prompt action is taken to contain the
    spread of COVID-19 in areas where individuals have been infected and to
    protect public health and wellbeing of the citizens and residents of Qatar.
2 Definitions
By "
Personal Data
" we mean any information relating to an
    identified or identifiable natural person.
3 How the Application helps you?
The Application helps protect the public’s health and wellbeing in the
    State of Qatar by:
- Alerting you when you come into close proximity with a suspected,
    infected, or confined person, or an individual who subsequently becomes a
    suspected, infected, or confined person
- Providing you with a unique QR code which is color-coded based on your
    risk of exposure, infection status, and health profile
- Providing the MOPH and appropriate government entities with location
    information to allow prompt action to contain the spread of COVID-19
- Providing you with the latest developments, official news, social
    distancing advice, and other suggestions related to reducing the spread of
    COVID-19
4 Device Permissions
The following minimal necessary device permissions are required the enable
    the functioning of the Application:
- Permission to write to the file system - required to allow storage of a
    small, encrypted file which holds a unique ID, QR code, infection status,
    configuration parameters, and proximity data of other devices using the
    Application
- Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) – is used to poll nearby devices to support
    future contact tracing and determine proximity of suspected, infected, or
    confined persons
- Background location services – is used to support the identification of
    areas where individuals have been infected allowing prompt action to
    contain the spread of COVID-19
5 Data Collection and Storage
The minimum necessary amount of data is requested from the user and
    retrieved in order for the Application to function. Data will be
    periodically be synchronized with the central management system (“CMS”)
    which is stored on secure and protected Government servers.
In the event that you are to disclose Personal Data on behalf of another
    person, you will ensure that the individual whose Personal Data is supplied
    to MOPH has authorized the disclosure, is informed of and consents to
    processing of their Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
    Where the disclosure is in respect of a child’s Personal Data, you should
    do so only as the parent or legal guardian of that child, and only if you
    have the legal authority to enter into relevant contracts on behalf of that
    child.
5.1 Installation
The following information is requested during installation and first use of
    the Application:
- Phone Number – to send a SMS confirming your mobile number
- Qatar ID + Expiry Date / Visa Number / Passport Number + Nationality – to
    authenticate and verify your information
The Application will download configuration settings and synchronize the
    above data with the CMS and generate a unique ID and QR code for your
    device. The QR code will be color-coded based on your initial infection
    status and prominently displayed in the Application.
5.2 Daily Use
The following data is stored locally on the device during everyday use.
    This data remains on the device until the next synchronization with the
    CMS. The data is used to 1) record contact tracing information between
    different devices in close proximity with the Application installed 2)
    always have access to your location to help inform individuals and
    healthcare professionals in order to locate and provide support to
    suspected or infected individuals in a manner that allows prompt
    identification and minimal exposure to wider community to maintain lower
    risk of exposure.
The BLE Protocol is used to retrieve the following data:
- Unique ID – supports contact tracing of individuals who subsequently
    become suspected, infected or confined
- Infection status – provides receiving devices with an immediate alert of
    a suspected, infected or confined person in close proximity
- Data, time, and duration of contact - to determine risk of exposure based
    on contact occurrence and duration
- BLE signal strength – indicates distance from contact and used to
    evaluate risk of exposure
Background location services are used to retrieve the following data:
- Location GPS – to promptly locate areas where individuals have been
    infected allowing the MOPH and appropriate government entities to take
    prompt action.
6 Retention
Data collected is deleted from the local device after:
- Being uploaded to the CMS during periodic synchronization
- Removal of the Application from the device
- A duration exceeding the COVID-19 incubation period for the last time
    contact occurred
Data will be retained in the CMS during the active spread period of
    COVID-19 and as mandated by public health guidelines, data retention
    policies, privacy laws in the State of Qatar and in compliance with
    international standards to fulfill the purpose described in this Privacy
    Policy.
Personal Data will be permanently deleted from both the local device and
    the CMS by taking all reasonable and technical measures to make the
    Personal Data irrecoverable or irreproducible in accordance with the
    applicable laws.
You can request access, rectification, review of processing, of your
    Personal Data processed by MOPH at any time by sending a request via the
    e-Mail provided in the Support section below. Any request must include the
    following information: Your name and address and any other information
    which may identify you.
7 Security
Your personal data, and all electronic storage and transmission of data
    shall be safeguarded and secured with appropriate security and encryption
    technologies.
- Data is periodically synchronized and uploaded to the CMS using key
    verification and encryption to ensure tamperproof communication.
- The CMS resides on Government servers which are protected by the State of
    Qatar’s active security protocols and other security standards to protect
    against any attempt to expose, alter, disable, destroy, steal or gain
    unauthorized access to or make unauthorized use of data or any other assets
8 Usage
By choosing to use the Application, you fully consent to:
- MOPH's use of all your Personal Data for the purpose of the work of this
    application, and that you grant MOPH permission to use this information as
    outlined in the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions.
- Share your Personal Data with MOPH and relevant data to be only shared
    with other Government agencies in the State of Qatar, for the purpose of
    protecting your health and the health and safety of the wider community, in
    the most efficient and effective manner, unless such sharing is prohibited
    by law.
- Display Personal Data you have previously shared with MOPH and/or other
    Government agencies in the State of Qatar. We will retain your Personal
    Data only as necessary for the effective delivery of public services.
- Give MOPH and the relevant Government agencies in the State of Qatar
    access to your location at all times during the active spread period of the
    COVID-19 pandemic in order to safeguard your health and the health of all
    the citizens and residents in Qatar.
Your Personal Data and the data collected by the Application will be used
    by the MOPH and the relevant Government agencies to:
- Identify users who have been in contact with a suspected, infected, or
    confined person
- Quickly identify locations where infection rates are rising and take
    appropriate action
- Determine breaches in confinement in contradiction to the relevant law
    and guidelines
- Create de-identified, aggregate reports using the appropriate data to
    inform decisions and evaluate the effectiveness of the Application
9 Access
We do not disclose your Personal Data to any non-Government agency in the
    State of Qatar, except:
- Where such entities have been authorized to carry out specific Government
    services in Qatar.
- To third parties, including law enforcement officials, courts and
    government and regulatory authorities: (a) if we believe disclosure is
    required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process (such as to
    respond to subpoenas or judicial orders); or (b) to protect and defend the
    EHTERAZ application developer’s rights, or the rights or safety of third
    parties, including to defend
against legal claims.
- When third parties act as data processors of your Personal Data, based on
    MOPH instructions. We enter into an agreement with the relevant data
    processor for the processing of your Personal Data. In this agreement, we
    include obligations to ensure that your Personal Data is processed by the
    data processor solely to provide healthcare services and to ensure that the
    data processor has adequate safeguards in place and complies with the
    applicable data protection laws.
10 External Links
This Application may contain links to enable you to visit third-party
    websites, mobile sites, and mobile applications which are governed by their
    own privacy policies. Please note we do not have any control over these
    websites and are not responsible or liable for the protection and privacy
    of any information that you receive while visiting these external websites.
11 Privacy Support
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or wish to request
access, rectify, or review your Personal Data, please contact us at
info@ehterazapp.qa
or call
    us on 109.
Terms and Conditions
Information about the EHTERAZ Application
Through the EHTERAZ Application, the State of Qatar aims to provide improved public health services to prevent the spread of COVID-19 through the use of innovative and modern information systems, technologies and digital solutions to provide timely information on the ongoing crisis, raise awareness of our local situation in the State of Qatar, and issue recommendations and directives to the general public and to groups and individuals where necessary to protect the public health and safety.Our privacy policies cover use of the Application. The Application is bound by the e-Government Policies of the State of Qatar (per Council of Ministers' Resolution No. (18) of 2010 on the Implementation of e-Government Policies) and Qatar’s Data Protection Law (Law No. 13 of 2016) concerning the privacy and protection of personal data.By using this Application, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted our “Terms, Conditions, and Privacy Policy”, which are available in both Arabic and English. In the event of any difference in interpretation between the Arabic and English text and any translation thereof, the Arabic text prevails.The Application is owned and operated by State of Qatar and the relevant Government entities.
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions, detailed hereinafter, govern your use of the EHTERAZ Application. By accessing and using the Application you are deemed to have understood and agreed to the terms.The Application is owned and operated by the State of Qatar and the relevant Government entities.The Ministry reserves the right to vary, amend or modify or impose new conditions in these Terms and Conditions at any time without any notification to you. Any such variations, amendments or modifications will be reflected by an update on the Application. You are therefore responsible for checking these Terms and Conditions periodically to be aware of any such changes. Your continued access of this service following the posting of any changes to these Terms and Conditions shall constitute your acceptance and agreement of the same.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All materials on this Application, are protected by copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property rights. These materials are owned by MOPH or are used with permission from their owners or as otherwise authorized by law. Protected materials include, but are not limited to, the text, trademarks, source code, databases, logos, photographs, images, video clips, audio clips, designs, trade dress, and other materials contained in this Application. All rights are reserved, worldwide.All other use of any material (including, without limitation, photographs, articles, press releases, software, comments, tables or charts, video clips, logos) on this Application is strictly prohibited. By way of illustration, such prohibited use may include the extraction, redistribution, republication, modification, broadcasting, sale, or otherwise making available of any of the information or material on this Application (in any format) to third parties. In addition to this restriction, you agree to comply with all copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any material accessed through this Application. Unauthorized use of this Application, or any of the information or material contained on this Application, is illegal and as such may give rise to, amongst other things, a claim for damages and may also be a criminal offence.
Unauthorized Actions or Uses
You agree that you will use this application only for the purpose for which it is intended. You will not attempt to interfere with the operation of this Application, or alter or corrupt any related data or software. You understand that if you attempt to alter or corrupt any related data or software, it may lead to denial of access to this Application and possibly legal action being brought against you.
Failure to Comply
You agree to follow and abide by these Terms and Conditions and by all directives and instructions issued through the Application by the competent Authorities.  You understand that a failure to follow all directives and instructions may lead to legal action being brought against you.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
1.Whilst the Product Information and all other application material is provided in good faith, by using this Application, you agree and acknowledge that MOPH makes no representations, warranties, or claims as to the accuracy of the Product Information or any other material on this applications.2.MOPH disclaims all implied warranties relating to your use of this Application and the information, products, and services contained in this application. To the maximum extent permissible under law, all information on this Application is provided without any warranty (either express or implied by law or otherwise) or implied term of any kind, including but not limited to any implied warranties or implied terms of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of third party rights.3.By using this Application, you agree that MOPH will not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, consequential, or any other loss arising from the use (or non-use) of the information, products, and services provided to you through this Application or from your access of other material via links from this applications. The exclusions and limitations contained in these Terms and Conditions apply to the maximum extent permitted by law.4.MOPH will be under no liability to you whatsoever, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, restitution, or otherwise for any injury, death, damage, or direct, indirect or consequential loss howsoever caused arising out of or in connection with the use of this Application or the use, accessing, downloading, or relying on any information or other materials contained in this applications, including, without limitation, as a result of any computer virus.5.You shall indemnify MOPH and its licensors and keep MOPH and its licensors indemnified against all losses, damages, claims, and costs (including legal cost) caused or suffered by MOPH and/or its licensors as a result of a breach by you of any of these Terms and Conditions.6.You understand and agree that you shall be accountable and be fully responsible at all times for:-maintaining the confidentiality of your Passcode to use this Application. You agree not to share and disclose your Passcode to any person whosoever and to take all reasonable precautions necessary to ensure that no other persons have access to the same.-If you discover any breach of security or have reasonable grounds to believe that someone has used your Passcode without your authorization, or has, in your judgment, violated these Terms and Conditions, you should change your passcode immediately.- In case that you lose the device on which you have downloaded the Application, you should immediately reactivate this Application and create a new account.7.It is the user's responsibility to independently verify the accuracy, currency, completeness, relevance and fitness of all information input by the user or output by this Application prior to executing any transaction using this Application.8.MOPH will not be liable for any degradation in the quality of this Application or the unavailability of this this Application.9.MOPH will not be liable in case there is an unforeseen downtime due to network outages, problem at the hosting facility or any other reason beyond our control which may result in non-availability of this application for any duration.10.MOPH may suspend and/or terminate your access to this application immediately for any reason without notice and without any liability whatsoever should you be in breach of these terms and conditions or for any other cause.
Modifications to Terms
These Terms and Conditions and/or other information provided on this Application may be updated, amended, changed, or removed by MOPH at any time and without further notice to you. The Terms and Conditions will always be updated and available through the Application. You should review these Terms and Conditions every time you visit the Application. By using this Application, you agree to be bound by the latest version of such Terms and Conditions.
Miscellaneous
1.These Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy contain all the terms relating to the use of this Application. These Terms and Conditions supersede all previous contracts, arrangements, representations, terms implied by law, and understandings between the parties whether written, arising from custom, orally, or otherwise. These Terms and Conditions are written in Arabic and English. If you do not understand Arabic or English, please seek assistance in order to understand these Terms and Conditions, as you will be deemed to have understood and accepted these Terms and Conditions upon use of the Application. In the event of a difference between the two texts, the text in the Arabic language shall prevail.2.If any part of these Terms and Conditions are found by any court, tribunal, administrative body, or authority of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable then that provision will, to the extent required, be severed from these Terms and Conditions and will be ineffective without, as far as possible, modifying any other parts of these Terms and Conditions and this will not affect any other provisions of the amended Terms and Conditions, which will remain in full force and effect.3.There shall be no waiver of any term, provision, or condition of these Terms and Conditions, unless such waiver is evidenced in writing and signed by the party granting such waiver.4.The Terms and Conditions of this Application and the materials contained within the Application shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Qatar. The Qatari courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any disputes, which may arise as a result. You agree that MOPH reserves the right to bring an action against you in any country it deems appropriate.If you have any questions about the application, or our Terms of Use, please contact:MOPH 109
Privacy Policy
OverviewYour privacy is very important to MOPH and we understand how important it is to you. We want you to feel safe when using this application and are committed to maintaining your privacy when you use the Application. We require our employees, suppliers and partners to maintain confidentiality in accordance with applicable data protection laws.This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) sets out the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data.This Privacy Policy can be changed over time to comply with law or to meet our changing business requirements.By Personal Data we mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.By using this Application, you acknowledge your full agreement to the MOPH's use of all your personal data for the purpose of the work of this application, and that you grant MOPH full and unconditional permission to use this information.This policy is an integral part of the previous Terms and Conditions, and all Terms and Conditions are applicable.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
Your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data shall be safeguarded and secured with appropriate security technologies. By choosing to use the Application, you agree to:\u25CFShare your personal data with MOPH, and the relevant personal data will only be shared with other Government agencies in Qatar, so as to serve you, and the broader public s health and safety, in a most efficient and effective manner, unless such sharing is prohibited by law. \u25CFDisplay personal data you had previously shared with MOPH or other Government agencies in Qatar. We will retain your personal data only as necessary for the effective delivery of public services. \u25CFGive MOPH and the relevant Government agencies in the State of Qatar access to your location at all times during the active spread period of the COVID-19 pandemic in order to safeguard your health and the health of all the citizens and residents in Qatar. Application required always Location permission to provide accurate geofencing breach data throughout the day to identify the person near to you is quarantined or infected.This Application may contain links to enable you to visit third-party websites, mobile sites and mobile applications which are governed by their own privacy policies. Please note that we do not have any control over these and are not responsible or liable for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting those sites.In the event that you are to disclose Personal Data on behalf of another person, you will ensure that the individual whose Personal Data is supplied to MOPH has authorized the disclosure, is informed of and consents to processing of their Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Where the disclosure is in respect of a child s Personal Data, you should do as only as the parent or legal guardian of that child and enter into relevant contracts on behalf of that child.
Disclosure and User Choice
We do not disclose your personal data to any non-Government agency in the State of Qatar, except:-Where such entities have been authorized to carry out specific Government services in Qatar. By using this Application, you acknowledge your acceptance of the Privacy Policy.-To third parties, including law enforcement officials, law courts and government and regulatory authorities: (a) if we believe disclosure is required by any applicable law, regulation or legal process (such as to respond to subpoenas or judicial orders); or (b) to protect and defend our rights, or the rights or safety of third parties, including to defend against legal claims.-When third parties act as data processors of your Personal Data, based on MOPH instructions. We enter into an agreement with the relevant data processor for the processing of your Personal Data. In this agreement, we include obligations to ensure that your Personal Data is processed by the data processor solely to provide services to us and to ensure that the data processor has adequate safeguards in place and complies with the applicable data protection laws.
Privacy Support and Retention
If you have any inquiry of concern about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@ehterazapp.qaor at Tel 109.We will retain Personal Data for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected as described in this Privacy Policy and in line with our data retention policies, or as required by relevant laws.When erasing Personal Data, we will take reasonable and technically possible measures to make the Personal Data irrecoverable or irreproducible in accordance with the applicable laws.You can request access, rectification, review of processing, of your Personal Data that MOPH processes at any time by sending a request via the Contact Us page of this Application. Any request must include the following information: your name and address and any other information which may identify you.
Change of this Policy
MOPH reserves the right to change, adapt, adjust this Privacy Policy on the Application without any prior notification. You acknowledge and agree that this Policy may change from time to time. By using this application, you agree to be bound by the latest version of such policy.