Privacy Policy
Privacy matters, but it can be confusing. This page explains our approach to privacy on watermarkly.com and how it affects you.
Short version
We process files right in your browser. We do not send files over internet for processing.
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed.
If you sign up with us, we take great care to keep your information safe, and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
These are just the key points. If you need detail, keep reading.
Measuring our visitors
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
You can learn more about
Google Analytics
or
opt out
if you wish.
If you sign up for a service or purchase from us
When you sign up for any of our services – paid or otherwise – we will record specific personal information about you, such as your name and email address.
We also log account and transaction history for accounting purposes, and to monitor our business activities.
Emails
We may send you email notifications regarding your service (such as invoices) or which you have specifically requested (such as newsletters or notifications when a report is completed). You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, as detailed above.
Online payments
We use a variety of payment providers to bill for our products online. These companies will have access to your personal and payment information. When paying by credit card, we do not ever have any access to your credit card details.
The third parties we use are BrightMedia LLC d/b/a FastSpring (to process credit cards), Stripe (to process credit cards) and PayPal (to process credit cards and accept payment via PayPal).
We share information with these companies only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website.
Security
We many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. These precautions include:
Processing files locally to avoid sending them over internet
Use of SSL encryption for sensitive data
Hardware stored in secured datacentres behind firewalls
All access to information restricted by password and/or secure key
Restrictions to what information can be accessed via any location
Of course, you are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. Nobody at our company will ever ask you for your password, so please don’t trust anybody asking you for it.
Use of your Google data
When importing images and documents from Google Drive or Google Photos, our app will ask you to authorize with Google to access your files. After authentication Google will provide our app with an access token that allows us to access your files. This authentication token will be stored in your browser and it won’t be transferred to our servers. The token will get erased after you close the browser tab.
Our app doesn’t collect any data stored in your Google account. We neither save your email address on our servers, nor copy your files. All data necessary to process files stored in your Google account are stored within your browser session and this data is removed by your browser when you close the browser tab with our app in it. Processing of your Google files happens right in your browser and these files aren’t transferred to our servers for processing.
Since our company doesn’t collect any of your Google data, we aren’t able to share this data with any 3rd party.
Updates to this policy
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes. You can always check this page for the latest version. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
Any questions?
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, please write to us by email to
helpme@watermarkly.com
.