BOARDS PRIVACY POLICY
Last Revised: September 22, 2024
Boards.com Ltd. (“
Boards
”, “
Company
”, “
we
”, “
our
”
or
“
us
”) respects the privacy of the visitors and/or users (“
User
” or “
you
”) of (i) our website at
https://www.boards.so/
and its subdomains (collectively, the “
Site
”), (ii) our “Boards” mobile application, webapp, keyboard extension and plug-ins (collectively, the “
App
”), (iii) any forms, landing pages and similar tools generated by the App and which are intended to be accessed used by individuals who are not registered users of the App (collectively, “
Forms
”); and (iv) our services provided via the Site and/or App (the “
Services
”). Boards is committed to protecting the personal information that our Users share with us. We believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use our Site and/or App and/or Services.
For the avoidance of doubt, the term "App," as used herein, refers to Board's independent mobile application, the Board's web application accessible via the Site, as well as any plug-in and smartphone keyboard supplied by Board.
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use at
https://www.boards.so/terms
(“
TOU
”), into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference.
1. Your acknowledgment of this policy
This Privacy Policy (“
Privacy Policy
”) details how your Personal Information collected via the Site and/or App is used and processed by Boards.
BY ENTERING, ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE AND/OR APP AND/OR SERVICES AND/OR BY PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US,  YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DISAGREE TO ANY TERM PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE AND/OR APP AND/OR SERVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT PROVIDE US WITH ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION.
FOR AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, PROCESSING, TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. YOU ALSO ACKNOWLEDGE AND CONFIRM THAT YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE US WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND THAT SUCH INFORMATION IS VOLUNTARILY PROVIDED TO US.
Note to non-EU or UK based Users:
BY ENTERING, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE AND/OR APP AND/OR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE OR HAVE HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO BECOME AWARE OF AND AGREE TO BOARDS’ PRACTICES DESCRIBED HEREIN, INCLUDING THE PROCESSING (INCLUDING COLLECTING, USING, DISCLOSING, RETAINING OR DISPOSING) OF YOUR INFORMATION UNDER THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY.
2. Who we are
In this policy, references to Boards, or to "we", “our”, or "us" are to Boards.com Ltd., with registered offices at Savion 4, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Israel 6993004. Individuals wishing to contact us about data protection issues may do so by writing to us at the above address or by emailing us at
support@boards.zendesk.com
.
Note to non-EU or UK based Users:
As required by Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Boards has appointed a representative in the European Union. Our designated EU representative is:
Thomas Rickert
Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft m.b.H
Colmantstraße 15
53115 Bonn
Phone: +49 (0) 228 – 74 89 80
Fax: +49 (0) 228 – 74 89 86 6
E-Mail: info@rickert.law
You can contact our EU representative directly with any questions or concerns related to our personal information processing activities. Please note that while our EU representative is available to address your concerns, you may also contact Boards directly using the contact information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
3. Which information we may collect on our Users?
We may collect two types of data and information from our Users:
a. Non-personal Information.
The first type is non-identifiable and anonymous information. Non-personal information, which is being gathered, consists of technical information and behavioral information that does not pertain to a specific individual (“
Non-Personal Information
”).
Like most online services, when you access and use the Site and/or App we passively collect certain Non-Personal Information from your devices (depending on whether you access our Site or App), including: (i) technical information such as the type and version of your device and its operating system, the type of browser, screen resolution, device browser and keyboard language, Wi-Fi connectivity and the type and name of your device and/or browser, etc.; and (ii) behavioral information which may include the User’s click-stream on the Site or App, the activities of the User on the App and/or Site and additional information of a similar nature (collectively, “
Technical and Behavioral Information
”). We may use third-party service providers to obtain detailed analytics on the device and the User's behavior on the Site and/or App. Please note that we or our third-party service providers will collect such Technical and Behavioral Information by using certain tracking technologies, such as cookies, as further detailed below.
b. Personal Information.
The second type of information is individually identifiable information (“
Personal Information
”).
This information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.
Personal Information which is provided voluntarily:
Communications:
Personal Information is collected from the details that Users may provide as part of any communications with Boards, by any means, including by e-mail, telephone, social media or otherwise. Such Personal Information may include your name and contact details and any other information which you may voluntarily provide to us.
Mailing list:
You may voluntarily provide us with your contact details in order to subscribe to our newsletter and to receive commercial materials from Boards and our partners. You can unsubscribe from our mailing list by using the instruction included in the communications sent to you, or by contacting us directly using the contact information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.
Registration to the App:
Personal Information is collected from the details the Users provide in the registration form available on the App (which enables the Users to open an Account), which includes, inter alia, name (including username), email and profile photo. Additional information may be requested in the future.
Important note:
Users’ names and nicknames may be made publicly available via the App, including to other Users. Please act with caution when selecting your nickname.
User Content:
Personal Information includes any data and/or content, including User Generated Content (as defined in our TOU), that you may upload or generate through use of the App, including without limitation boards created via the App, comments, information derived from your interactions with other Users, etc.
Please note:
if the Personal Information you provide to us includes information about others, you are fully and solely responsible for providing all necessary information notices to affected data subjects and obtaining any required consents under applicable privacy laws from data subjects for the use, processing, sub-processing and storing of their information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Forms and Store:
The App allows registered Users to create Forms, and Users may disseminate links to such Forms to third parties (such as potential customers) via the App or otherwise. Information uploaded by Users of the Form to the Forms may include Personal Information, such as contact information and information relating to the purchase of products via the Form.
Please note that Board operates such Forms on behalf of the applicable User (i.e., the User who generated the Form), and all information uploaded to the Form will be made accessible to the such User and may be processed by such User at its sole discretion and in accordance with such User’s independent privacy policy. Board is not responsible for Users' independent processing of Personal Information collected via the Forms, or otherwise. Board disclaims all representations and warranties with respect to the independent processing of Personal Information by such Users and shall not be liable for any damage that you, or any third party, may incur as a result of Users' independent processing of Personal Information.
Important note: providing Personal Information via Forms is made at your discretion and at your sole risk – please exercise caution, as is generally expected when providing personal details online.
Depending on the nature of the Form, we may also process certain Personal Information collected via the Form for the purposes of providing our Services to the User. For example, if the Form is used by the User to operate an online store, all information collected via the Form will be made available to the applicable User. Additionally, we may use the information to collect payment on behalf of the User, as further detailed below in this Privacy Policy.
Payments:
for payment for our Services, or otherwise clearing payments via Forms, you will have the option to use certain Online Payment Processors which will require you to fill out a billing form wherein you will be required to provide to such Online Payment Processors certain Personal Information (such as, a credit card number and other related billing information). We will not store such information on our servers. We only keep token information such Online Payment Processors provide us with (and where applicable, the last four digits of your credit card number), and such information is strictly secured.
Application to the Boards Advisor Program:
When you submit an application to participate in the Boards Advisor Program (as further detailed in the TOU) you may be required to provide certain personal information, such as your country of residence, what you do for living, which languages you speak, your relevant skills and preferences, links to your profiles on social networks platforms, etc. Please note that participants in the Boards Advisor Program may be required to provide their photos and other personal data, as further detailed in the Program T&C.
Personal Information is collected also via technology
:
IP/MAC Address:
Users of the App and Site may automatically provide their IP address (or Mac Address, as applicable) and/or advertiser identifier (when available on a device) mainly for enhancing the User’s experience and for geo-location and security purposes, as well as for targeted advertising purposes.
Geolocation data:
while using the Site and/or the App we will access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store “geolocation data”, including through the collection of IP addresses and other similar information to determine your location for analytics and security purposes, as well as for targeted advertising purposes.
Technical and Behavioral Information:
to the extent that the Technical and Behavioral Information detailed above under Section 3.(a) will be linked to or associated with a specific individual, then such information will be considered as Personal Information.
Identifiers:
we process certain online identifiers, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, your Unique Device Identifier (UDID), or another unique identifiers, for geo-location, targeted advertising and security purposes. In addition, when using the Site and/or the App, our authorized third-party service providers may collect your advertising identifiers, as further detailed below.
Please note that we use third-party tracking services and usage logs, to track and analyze data from Users of the Site and/or the App for purposes of security and fraud prevention. We may also use cookies to gather information regarding your use of the Site and/or the App and the information for which you searched and accessed.
Important Note:
We may cross-reference Personal Information with other Personal Information we have about you and any Non-personal Information connected or linked to or associated with any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists. For avoidance of doubt, any Non-Personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information, as long as such connection or linkage exists.
We do not collect any Personal Information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance of the TOU and the Privacy Policy.
4. How Do We Collect Information on Our Users?
There are a few main methods we use:
a. We collect information through your entry, connection, installation, access and/or use of the App and entry, access and/or use of the Site.
In other words, when you are using the Services, we are aware of it and may gather, collect and store the information relating to such usage.
b. We collect information which you provide us voluntarily.
For example, we collect Personal Information when you register and open an Account.
Information collected from other Users and our business partners.
Users may upload to the App Personal Information relating to other Users and third parties. For example, if they wish to send links to their Forms to third parties, they may provide us with such third parties' email addresses. Upon accessing the Form, such third parties' use of the Form will become subject to this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, Users may be invited to use the App by our business partners. To facilitate this, our business partners may share with us certain information related to such Users (e.g., to assist in their onboarding to the App and associating their Account on the App with our applicable business partner's account).
We may gather, collect and store such information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers, as detailed below.
5. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
a. Non-personal Information is collected in order to
:
Use it for statistical, analytical and research purposes and for customization, developing and improvement of the Site and/or App and/or Services.
Enhance the User's experience while using the Site and/or App and/or Services.
Keep the Site and/or the App safe and secured and for prevention of fraud.
b. Personal Information is collected and processed for the following purposes:
Personal Information collected via the Site, via technology, Users' App account information (including information collected when registering to the App), Technical and Behavioral Information (to the extent that it constitutes Personal Information), and Personal Information included in communications with Board are used for:
Operation of the App and Site and provision of the Services;
Transactional communications;
Personalization of business offerings;
Identifying Users and allowing access to the App;
Securing the App and Site and your account on the App, and prevention of fraud and crime (including phone validation);
Collection of subscription fees, where applicable;
Providing analytics to our business partners and other Users whose accounts on the App have been integrated with your account;
Allowing Users to participate in the Board Advisor Program, including examining applications submitted for the Board Advisor Program and considering the suitability of applicants to such program;
Providing Users with updates about the Company's developments, new offerings, and news regarding the Company, the App and the Services;
Sending push notifications to the User's device after the User has agreed to accept push notifications from Board. Users can deactivate push notifications by changing their settings within our Services;
Contacting Users for the purpose of providing them with the Site's or App's technical assistance and support;
Conducting internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes, in order to improve our Site, App and Services. Please note that in general we analyze aggregate data for such purposes, rather than specific user data; however, we may need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem;
Determining general geolocation information (i.e., country) from which the User's computer or device is connected to the Internet in order for us to know the general location of our App's Users as well as to safeguard our App;
Advertising and marketing (including sending newsletters and conducting targeted advertising and cross-platform advertising, subject to your consent where required by law);
Protecting the Company's rights and defense against legal claims;
Maintaining data processing records; and
Complying with legal requirements.
Any Personal Information uploaded to the App and/or Forms, or otherwise collected via the Forms:
Providing the
App and Services to Users (including providing the Services to visitors of the Forms, who are not registered Users of the App);
Hosting and operating the Forms on behalf of Users;
Providing analytics to our business partners and other Users whose accounts on the App have been integrated with your account;
Conducting internal operations such as troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes to improve the Company's App, including by anonymizing the relevant data;
Complying with legal requirements;
Maintaining data processing records;
and
Protecting the Company's rights and defense against legal claims.
Note to our Users in the EU and UK:
In order for Boards to process your Personal Information, as detailed herein, such processing must be justified by a "lawful basis" for processing. Please note that the Personal Information processing activities detailed herein may be justified on the basis that:
the processing is based on your consent
- where you provide us with your consent to process your Personal Information for one or more specific purposes. For instance, before we contact you for electronic marketing purposes, you will be asked to consent to our processing of your Personal Information for this purpose. If you choose not to provide your consent for such processing activities, or if you decide later on to revoke your consent, this will affect our ability to provide you with Boards's marketing materials;
the processing is necessary for performance of a contract to which you are party
- generally your Personal Information will be provided to us because you are interested in using the Site and/or App and/or Services in accordance with the TOU or in order to receive certain services from Boards. As such, we rely on this basis for processing activities that are required in order to enable you to use the App and/or Site and to provide our Services and to let you know of changes to our TOU and Privacy Policy;
the processing is necessary to comply with a legal obligation
- we may process your Personal Information for disclosure of information to authorities and to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., paying taxes); and
the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests
- subject to your interests and fundamental rights, processing of Personal Information will take place pursuant to our legitimate interests in offering our Users comfortable, effective and safe access to our Site and App. This shall include the processing of your Personal Information in order to personalize the Site and/or App, assist us in preventing crime and fraud and manage our internal operations. Where we rely on legitimate interests as a lawful basis, we carry out a balancing test to ensure that your interests, rights and freedoms do not override our legitimate interests.
Note to non-EU and non-UK Users:
BY ENTERING, CONNECTING TO, ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE AND/OR APP, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS SPECIFIED HEREIN.
6. Payments
We may charge certain fees for use of the App and our Services, and otherwise receive payments via Forms,  through third-party marketplaces and service providers, such as Stripe, Paypal, Google Play and/or Apple’s App Store (collectively, “
Online Payment Processors
”, which may require you to provide certain Personal Information (such as a credit card number and other related billing information). Please note that we do not receive access to such information and do not store such information on our servers. We may add or change the Online Payment Processors at our sole discretion. Boards is not affiliated with such Online Payment Processors (for more information see our Terms), as each is an independent contractor, and neither is the agent or employee of the other, and neither is responsible in any way for the actions or performance (or lack thereof) of the other. The use of the Online Payment Processors is at the User's discretion and sole liability and risk. It is the User's responsibility to abide by all the terms specified by the Online Payment Processors in their terms of use and privacy policies, including but not limited to any age restrictions specified therein. You acknowledge that you are fully assuming the risks of conducting any transactions via the Online Payment Processors.
7. Sharing Information with Third Parties
Boards respects its Users’ privacy and will not disclose, share, rent, or sell their Personal Information to any third-party, other than as permitted under this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding, the Company may share Personal Information in the following cases:
Boards’s Personnel:
Personal Information that we collect and process may be transferred to or accessed by personnel of Boards for the sole purpose of enabling the provision of our Services and to contact you. Please note that all of Boards’s personnel that will have access to your Personal Information are under an obligation of strict confidentiality with respect to such Personal Information.
Service Providers:
We may share Personal Information with commercial software providers, consultants and data processors who perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, companies that provide analysis, messaging services and host services, as further detailed below.
In addition, we may share Personal Information in the following cases:
(a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this Privacy Policy and/or the TOU, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to respond to User's support requests; (e) to respond to claims that any content available on the Site and/or App violates the rights of third-parties; (f) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment; (g) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its Users, or the general public; (h) when the Company is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of its assets; (i) to cooperate with third parties for legitimate business purposes, including without limitation, enhancing the User's experience; and/or (l) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
For avoidance of doubt, Boards may use
Non-personal Information
and transfer and disclose it to third parties at its discretion.
Important note:
We may provide certain Users and our business partners, with whom your account is associated, access to aggregated and anonymized information related to your use of the App and Services “User Analytics”), provided you were invited by such User or business partner to use the App and Services and your account is linked to their account. This includes analytics on your use of the App and shared user content. If you use the App and Services as a team leader (i.e., a recipient of
User Analytics
), you warrant that you will provide all required notices to your team members and obtain all necessary consents as mandated by applicable law. These notices and consents are required to allow the Company to monitor team members' use of the App and/or shared content, and to collect, process, and provide you with their User Analytics. As a team leader, it is your responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable laws regarding the collection and use of User Analytics.
8. Social Features
Our Platform may include social media features (“
Social Features
”). The Social Features are operated or allow for social integration with certain third-party social networks or third party platforms (“
Social Network
”). These Social Networks are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by the Company. If you enable this integration with such Social Networks, your use of the Social Features is subject to the applicable third-party Social Network’s terms of use and privacy policies. You should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. If you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not allow the Platform to interact with such Social Networks, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available via the Platform. You understand that where you allow interaction with any third-party Social Network, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. This data may include, without limitation, your name and your social media profile picture. By using the Social Features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable Social Networks or Platforms may collect certain Personal Information, such as your IP address, Non-personal Information and may set cookies and/or other web tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the Social Features. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the Social Features. You hereby understand and agree that when you share content via Social Networks that your content may become public and others may re-post-it.
9. Data Subjects’ Rights
The Company acknowledges you may have the right under applicable law to access, change and delete the Personal Information we collect and process.
If you wish to access or to correct, amend, or delete Personal Information, please send us an email to:
support@boards.zendesk.com
and we will respond within a reasonable timeframe, but in any event no later than permitted by applicable law.
Note to our Users in the EU and UK
:
You may have the following rights (by virtue of EU and UK law) in respect of your Personal Information:
Right to access:
you may have the right to request access to your Personal Information that is held by Boards.
Right to rectification
: if the Personal Information processed by Boards is incorrect or incomplete, you may have the right to have your Personal Information rectified.
Right to erasure
: under certain conditions, you may be entitled to require that Boards deletes your Personal Information (e.g. if the continued processing of those data is not justified).
Right to portability
: you may have the right to (i) receive the Personal Information concerning you, or (ii) transfer your Personal Information between data controllers (i.e. to transfer your Personal Information to another entity). The right to data portability only applies where your Personal Information is processed by us with your consent or for the performance of a contract and when processing is carried out by automated means.
Right to object to or withdraw consent
: where that lawful basis for processing your Personal Information is either "public interest" or "legitimate interests", those lawful bases are not absolute, and you may have a right to object to such processing. Where you object to processing based on our legitimate interests, we shall no longer process your Personal Information unless (i) we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or (ii) for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. If the processing of your Personal Information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing at any time.
The right to restrict processing
– under certain circumstances, you may have the right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your Personal Information.
Right to lodge a complaint
: you have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant data protection authority or supervisory authority of your jurisdiction. Contact details of the various EU supervisory authorities can be found at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en#member-fr
. The Information Commissioner’s Office is the UK’s supervisory authority, and can be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
.
We may refuse to comply with your request if it is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive in nature. To exercise these rights, where applicable, please contact us by sending an email to:
support@boards.zendesk.com.
​​
10. Minors
The Site and/or App is intended for Users over the age of sixteen (16). Therefore, The Company does not intend and does not knowingly collect Personal Information from minors under the age of sixteen (16) and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of sixteen (16) are not using the Services. If we learn that we collected Personal Information from minors under the age of sixteen (16) we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you have reasons to suspect that The Company collected Personal Information from minors under the age of sixteen (16), please notify us through the means indicated in the “Contact Us” section below, and we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
11. How We Protect Information
We take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our Site and/or the App and User information and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. Please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the Internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use of your Personal Information will never occur.
THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSIONS OR THE THEFT, DELETION, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF ANY DATA.
12. Third Party Service Providers
We may be using third party service in order to collect, host, store and/or process the information detailed herein for the purposes specified herein. Such third parties may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. The Company engages with third parties that abide by the same lawful obligations as the Company and that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. However, the Company does not control such third party service providers.
Categories of third party processors and service providers engaged by the Company for the processing of Personal Information include:
Analytics Services, such as MixPanel and Tableau;
Hosting Services, such as Wix and Google Firebase;
Customer management and customer relations Platforms, such as Slack, Zendesk, Jira and  Customer.io;
AI Services, such as OpenAI;
Payment Processing Services, such as Paddle and Paypal; and
Task management services such as Zapier.
13. International Data Transfer
​
The information collected from you, as detailed in this Privacy Policy, may be transferred to, processed and stored by the Company and/or its service providers on servers and by staff which may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction, including without limitation in the United Kingdom, European Union, in Israel and in the United States.
The Company is committed to protecting your Personal Information and will take appropriate steps to ensure that your Personal Information is processed and stored securely and in accordance with applicable privacy laws, as detailed in this Privacy Policy. Such steps include putting in place data transfer agreements or ensuring our third-party service providers comply with our data transfer protection measures.
Note to non EU or UK based Users
BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE APP AND/OR SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, AND CONSENT, TO SUCH TRANSFER, STORING AND/OR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Note to our Users in the EU and UK:
If you are located in the EU or UK, you have a right to further information regarding the appropriate safeguards used by us when transferring your Personal Information outside of the EU or UK (as applicable).
In order to keep your Personal Information safe, we apply strict safeguards when transferring it outside of the EU or UK, which may include the following:
Transferring your personal information to countries approved by the European Commission or UK government (as applicable) as having adequate data protection laws, such as Israel, or to organizations on the basis of approved cross border transfer mechanisms, such as the Data Protection Framework; and
Entering into standard contracts that have been approved by the European Commission or UK government (as applicable) and which provide an adequate level of protection for your Personal Information in the recipient country.
14. Links to Third Party Websites
​
The Site and/or App may contain links to third-party websites, applications or services. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such resources. Most of such linked resources provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. It is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those resources, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.
15. Direct Marketing
You hereby agree that we may use your contact details for the purpose of informing you of products, services and other updates and new features which may be of interest to you, as well as for sending you other materials to the e-mail address provided by you in the registration process. You may withdraw your consent by following the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the e-mail transmitted to you, or by contacting us as provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
16. Data Retention
The Company will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account to use App is active and for a period of 7 years thereafter, for archiving purposes, to defend against potential legal claims and to comply with our legal obligations. Personal Information collected via the Site, shall be retained for as long as it is necessary, relevant and accurate. Personal Information which is no longer required for the purpose for which it was initially collected will be deleted unless we have a valid justification to retain it which is permitted under applicable law, such as to resolve disputes or comply with our legal obligations.
17. Changes to the Privacy Policy
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of the Site and/or App and any information collected with respect thereto. The Company reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. In case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the Site and/or App or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with. Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our Site and/or App or sent by e-mail, whichever is the earlier. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date and your continued use of the Site and/or App after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. In the event that the Terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by the law and without any prior notice. Changes to this Privacy Policy will not be applied retroactively
18. Contact Us
If you have any questions (or comments) concerning this Privacy Policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address:
support@boards.zendesk.com
and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.