Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
McApps Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
McApps builds apps that are free to play. This SERVICE is provided by McApps at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.
If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to We do not collect any data from our users. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Log Data
I want to inform you that whenever you use my Service, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
We do not collect any cookies from our users.
Service Providers
I may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
I want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Page updated
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fgameanalytics.com%2Fprivacy&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3u8W0KdABFi-i2z0jgkK3G:
🔎 Explore our latest A/B testing enhancements.
Read it here
Join User Analysis Beta
Market Research
Analytics
Powerful analytics
How It Works
Quick 4-step setup guide
In-depth Analytics
Make better games with data
Live Ops
Live operations made easy
Integrations
Works with 20+ game engines
Upgrade to Pro
Pro Overview
Explore advanced features
Store Intelligence
Top charts and trending games
Benchmarks
Next-level industry insights
Metrics API
Key metrics from all your games
Data Tools
DataSuite
Do much more with your data
Data Warehouse
Switch on your own data warehouse
Data Export
Your data delivered in JSON format
Resources
Insights & support
Documentation
Detailed technical documentation
Case Studies
Learn how others use GameAnalytics
Feedback
Submit your feature requests
Blog
The #1 game industry blog
Reports & Guides
Our own research and insights
Support
Contact our support team
Pricing
Login
Sign up
Go to tool
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Legal
Terms & Conditions
EU Data Processing Addendum
China Data Processing Agreement
Developer Policy
Copyright Infringement Reporting
Privacy
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Privacy Notice for Job Applicants
China PIPL Privacy Notice
Cookie Policy
Security
Trust Report
SOC 2 Type II
Our ISO/IEC 27001 Certification
KidSAFE COPPA Certified
ePrivacy Seal & OBA Compliance
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Effective Date: 21st August 2023
Version: 2.2
Who we are and what we do
We are GameAnalytics ApS, a company registered in Denmark under company number 34043221, with our registered office at Pilestræde 58, 2, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Our affiliate, GameAnalytics Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 09214168, with their registered office at 18 Soho Square, London, England, W1D 3QL.
GameAnalytics Limited is registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZA439557.
We are an ‘in game’ analytics service provider, working in partnership with developers around the world to monitor and improve everything about their games.
GameAnalytics ApS, together with its affiliate GameAnalytics Limited, (“GameAnalytics”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all Personal Data processed as part of its business activities.
Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the controller of the Personal Data we process about you. This means that we decide what Personal Data to collect and how to process it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you and how we process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to contact us’ section.
For residents in Mainland China, please read the GameAnalytics China PIPL Privacy Notice at https://gameanalytics.com/legal/pipl-china.
Who this privacy notice applies to
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You visit our website
You register and/or create a GameAnalytics Account
You enquire about our products and/or services
You purchase goods or services from us
You are an existing client
You contact us by email, telephone or by using our online contact form
You sign up to receive newsletters and/or other promotional communications from us
What Personal Data is
‘‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
Personal Data we collect
The type of Personal Data we collect about you will depend on our relationship with you. For the type of Personal Data we collect, see the table below in the section entitled ‘Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases’.
How we collect your Personal Data
We collect most of the Personal Data directly from you in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website.
However, we may also collect your Personal Data from third parties such as:
reputable companies who provide lead generation contact lists
others to whom you have provided consent
publicly available sources such as social media platforms
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
advertising networks
analytics and tracking software providers and
search information providers
Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances
:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Processing
Responding to correspondence from you
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to enquiries made via our website, by email, through our social channels or any other means.
Sending you information on sales events or product information which may be of interest
If you are an existing customer or have expressed an interest in our products or services, we will rely on legitimate interests to contact you for marketing purposes.
You may object to the processing for this purpose by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com. If we have captured your consent for the purposes of marketing, that consent may be withdrawn at any time by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com or using the unsubscribe option.
Provision of our services
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between us.
To maintain a record of contact for current client engagement
It is our legitimate interest to maintain a record of the contact we have with you within our client database.
Business management, forecasting and statistical purposes
It is our legitimate interest to identify areas for managing current business relationships, develop new products and services, and for managing our business.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience
It is our legitimate interest to allow analytics and search engine providers to help improve and optimise our websites.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience.
We use cookies on our websites with your consent.
Improving our platform and the overall client experience.
It is our legitimate interest to utilise analytical and tracking software to help improve and optimise our client platform.
Where Personal Data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
Sharing your Personal Data
We may also disclose your information to third parties in connection with other purposes set out in this privacy notice. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-processors* who may process information on our behalf
advertisers, social media platforms, and advertising networks
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
*A list of our sub-processors is available upon request.
This site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GameAnalytics, its personnel, users or others.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred internationally, this is because the organisations we use to provide our service to you are based outside the EU/UK.
We have taken appropriate steps to ensure that any Personal Data being processed internationally, still has an equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EU/UK. We do this by ensuring that:
Your Personal Data is only processed in a country which the Secretary of State has confirmed has an adequate level of protection (an adequacy regulation) or
We either enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or an International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) with the receiving organisation and adopt supplementary measures where necessary. (A copy of the IDTA can be found here international-data-transfer-agreement.pdf (ico.org.uk))
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
GameAnalytics is SOC2 Type II** compliant and
ISO27001 certified
. You can review our real-time
Trust Report
and address any inquiries that you may have at
security@gameanalytics.com
.
** The SOC2 Type II Report is available upon request.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information, such as:
Never share One Time Passcodes (OTPs) or passwords.
Never enter your details after clicking on a link in an email or text message.
Always send confidential information by encrypted email to reduce risk of interception.
If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer unattended.
Close down your internet browser once you’ve logged off.
Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
You can easily identify secure websites by looking at the address in the top of your browser which will begin https:// rather than http://.
Your data protection rights
GameAnalytics would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You have the following rights if you are located in the EU or UK:
Rights
Description
Right to be informed
Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Individuals have the right to request their personal information to be erased, in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data, in certain circumstances, in particular:
if your data is not accurate;
if your data has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it;
if your data is no longer needed, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to obtain and reuse their personal data, in a machine-readable format, for their own purposes across different services, in certain circumstances.
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data, in certain circumstances.
Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you have an absolute right to ask us to stop doing so.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling
Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
In addition to the above, an individual also has the following rights:
Rights
Description
Right to withdraw consent
(if applicable)
Where we are using your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link
.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Exercising your data protection rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
privacy@gameanalytics.com
.
Recruitment
We may advertise job vacancies and opportunities on the careers section of our website, for more information on how we process candidate information please read our recruitment privacy notice.
Children’s Privacy
GameAnalytics is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. Our services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information, including persistent identifiers, from such individuals without verifiable parental consent.
As required by COPPA, our privacy policy clearly states that we do not share personal information or persistent identifiers related to children with third parties.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with their Personal Data without your consent, please contact us via email at
privacy@gameanalytics.com
or via phone at +45 20110132.
By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our commitment to COPPA compliance and our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information from children.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and providing you with content that is relevant to you.
We use cookies on our website, more information about which can be found within our
Cookie Policy
.
How to contact us
If you would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, or if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle personal data, please contact us using the details below.
Danish office:
GameAnalytics ApS
Pilestræde 58, 2,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
Email: dkoffice@gameanalytics.com
UK office:
GameAnalytics Limited
18 Soho Square,
London,
W1D 3QL
Email: ukoffice@gameanalytics.com.
Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘F.A.O. Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to the DPO for attention.
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data.
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can contact them and/or submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify you of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
×
Subscribe
×
activity-line
android
apple
ball
browser
btn-arrow-down
btn-arrow-down
c++
c#
caps-arrow
caution
close
comment
down-arrow
external
handheld
house
icon-next
icon-prev
ios
js
listen
macos
meta
mobile-menu
palette
play
read
satellite
search
social-facebook
social-instagram
social-linkedin
social-twitter
sofa
square
team
tiles
unity
unreal
up-arrow
user
windows
winner
yay