PRIVACY POLICY


ABOUT US

Hello, welcome to MacProton or developer Hugo Pinon (MacProton, Hugo Pinon, we, us and our) is committed to protecting your privacy. We take privacy seriously at MacProton and this policy is designed to share what information we collect and how we use it. We may change or update the Privacy Policy at any time as we add new or updated features, or as the law changes. Unless another date is given, the changes are effective upon posting. Thus, you should review the Privacy Policy frequently on our website. If you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use the sites and services. If you have any questions please contact us at mail@macproton.com

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website

WE DO NOT COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION THROUGH THE APPLICATIONS THEMSELVES. WE NEVER ASK FOR PERSONAL OR PRIVATE INFORMATION LIKE EMAIL ADDRESSES, OR CREDIT CARD NUMBERS. WE DO NOT USE COOKIES FOR TRACKING PURPOSES

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies


LAB SAFETY DISCLAIMER

Periodic Table Chemistry 4 app are the apps that help you to explore the magic of chemistry experiments. However, by the very nature of laboratory work, chemical experiments can lead to messy, highly toxic, explosive, corrosive, carcinogenic, and all together dangerous results in the real world. You are expected to learn and adhere to the safety guidelines in your lab to ensure a safe laboratory environment for both yourself and the people you may be working near. Periodic Table Chemistry 4 app are only intended for illustration; no warranty, guarantee, or representation is made by Periodic Table Chemistry 4 app or macproton as to the accuracy and sufficiency of any information contained herein, and Periodic Table Chemistry 4 app or macproton assumes no responsibility in connection therewith


A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN

Our apps are designed for use by everyone, including children and parents. However, this website is designed for parents. We share your concern for the privacy of children and do not knowingly collect any personal information about children through the Applications. We may
use third party analytics services that collect anonymous non personal information about app usage to improve our services


THIRD PARTY DISCLOSURE

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety

However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses


THIRD PARTY APP ANALYTICS

We include third party app analytics services in some our products or services. Third Party App Analytics services data is used anonymously for app analytics only


APP ANALYTICS SERVICES

· Apple Developer (iOS, macOS, tvOS, watchOS)


GOOGLE

Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users

We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we will not do so in the future


DO NOT TRACK

We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place


NO THIRD PARTY BEHAVIORAL TRACKING

It's also important to note that we do not allow third party behavioral tracking


COPPA (CHILDREN ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT)

We do not specifically market to children under 13


CAN SPAM ACT

The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations


CONTACT

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below


macproton | developer Hugo Pinon
mail@macproton.com