Confirmed App Privacy Policy
Confirmed App – Privacy Policy
Protecting your Privacy
adidas America, Inc. ("adidas" or "we", "us", or "our") is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information obtained through the U.S. adidas Confirmed mobile application (the “Confirmed App”). By using the Confirmed App, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy, now and as amended by us. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Confirmed App.
Please note the section below for California Residents.
Consent to Collection and Processing
This app may be operated, in whole or in part, from a country other than the United States. By using the Confirmed App, you consent to having your personal information transferred to and processed in a jurisdiction outside of the United States.
What Information do we collect and store?
Our privacy policy is simple: Except as disclosed below, we don't sell, trade, give away, or rent your personal information to any company outside of the adidas Group. One of the basic principles we've tried to follow is to limit the information we collect from and share about you.
Personal Information
We collect and store information that you provide to us, including through our Confirmed App or our Customer Service Department, or that we receive from third parties (such as companies providing commercially available databases). For example, when you place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, and credit card number and expiration date. If you sign up for an adidas account, which allows you to use the same sign-in details anywhere in the world, we will ask for your name, e-mail address, date of birth and password. We will also collect the following additional information, if you choose to provide it when you sign-up for an account: telephone number, gender, personal preferences, social identifier if you choose to log in to your account via social media and age. If you choose to apply certain discount codes when making purchases, we may store the information associated with that code – which may include, for example, a school or veteran status, and connect that information with your profile.
We collect your e-mail addresses and zip code if you subscribe to our newsletter and we collect your mobile number if you opt in to receive text messages. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions located within each newsletter or linked to each text message. We also collect and store your geolocation information. Registration may be required and personal information is collected in certain areas of the app in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information, e.g. community postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards), suggestions, or customer service requests. When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to our app, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed, if it is different than as described in this Policy. Personal information will be collected for each contest/sweepstakes only if you voluntarily submit it to our sponsors or us.
Usage Information
We may also gather certain information about your use of our app ("Usage Information"). Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data". We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our app. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit our app. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and app usage. This information is used to analyze and improve our app, to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience, and to personalize the Confirmed App, our communications with you, and your shopping experience.
Interest-Based Advertising
We use third party companies to measure and target ads on our behalf about products and services tailored to your interests. We allow these third-party companies to use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies to collect or receive information about your interaction with us on our Website and elsewhere on the internet (“Tracking Data”) and use such Tracking Data to display ads for adidas and other companies when you visit this or other websites. These third-party companies may not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals. If you would like to opt out of the collection and use of Tracking Data for ad targeting, please visit
www.aboutads.info/choices/
Is Information collected from children?
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13.
How do we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to provide customer service, to provide other services to you, and to personalize the app, our communications with you, and your shopping experience. For example, when you create an adidas account, you can use your account details to log in from any location and on any device. The global single sign-on for your account will allow adidas systems to identify you wherever you are, so you will not need to register with us again if you sign in from a different country. Your information also may be used to contact you about sales, new products, new app features, special offers, and personalized offers based on your location, unless you have opted to not receive promotional communications. The information we collect may be combined with information obtained from companies within the adidas Group and from other companies. We may also combine this information with other information we collect as you interact with our brand across apps, social media and marketing messages we send you. Aggregating data allows adidas to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide you with product recommendations and special offers.
How do we share your personal Information?
adidas Group - Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your personal information outside of adidas and the adidas Group without your consent. For further information about the companies within the adidas Group, please visit
http://www.adidas-group.com
. When you create an adidas account, we will share some of your account details (such as your name, email address, password and date of birth) with other adidas Group entities so you can have a global single sign-on for your account that will allow adidas systems to identify you wherever you are in the world. We may also share your personal information with other adidas Group entities if both entities are responsible for your personal information, or if the other entities are acting as our service providers and processing your personal information on our instructions or on our behalf.
adidas Partners - Sometimes the Confirmed App will allow you to choose to share your personal information with select adidas partners so that they can contact you about their products, services or offers. Other times the app will give you a choice as to whether you wish to receive communications from adidas on behalf of a business partner about its specific offer (without transferring your personal information to the third party).
Co-Branded Parts - Some adidas services are co-branded by adidas and another company, with the privacy policy of both adidas and the other company displayed at that part of the app. The information you provide, such as on registration forms, is collected by both adidas and the other company.
Third-party Service Providers - We may hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, such as marketing, analytics, credit card processing, shipping, stocking orders, providing customer service, and fraud protection. These service providers have access only to such personal information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of your information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services. For example, we will share some of your account details (such as your name, email address, password and date of birth) with our cloud service providers for the purposes of identification and authentication, so you can quickly and efficiently sign-on to your adidas account from anywhere in the world.
Legal and Safety Disclosures - We may access or disclose information about you, including the content of your communications, in order to: (a) comply with the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of adidas or our customers, including the enforcement of our agreements or policies governing your use of our apps and services; or (c) act on a good faith belief that such access or disclosure is necessary to protect the personal safety of adidas employees, customers or the public.
Corporate Transactions - We may disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger or sale of assets.
How do we use usage information?
We use Usage Information to help us determine how people use parts of the app and who our readers are. This allows us to improve our app and ensure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many people as possible. We also use Usage Information to provide statistical "ratings" information in aggregated form to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the app. We may combine Usage Information about you with other information, including Personal Information, about you in order to personalize the app and our communications with you and to provide you with information likely to be of interest to you.
What steps are taken to help secure personal information?
An athlete can't play without confidence, and you shouldn't order from a company that doesn't follow secure data practices. Our goal is to deliver performance to you in every way. That includes security.
We use reasonable security procedures to protect your information. However, no data transferred over the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Personal information collected through our app is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. To protect the security of your information during transmission, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. If you place an order through our app, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an e-mail address and password. In order to help protect your personal information, you should be careful about providing your password to others. If you wish to cancel your account, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, please contact Customer Service. Please refer to the section of this Policy titled “How do I contact you about privacy-related questions”
for more information.
What happens when I link to or from another website or app?
Our app may contain links to other websites or apps (run by us and by third parties). This Policy does not apply to the practices of other websites (including adidas websites). adidas is not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave our app and to read the privacy policies of each website and app that you visit.
Can we use information I share in public areas, chat rooms and newsgroups?
Please remember that any information you share in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public. This Policy does not apply to any information you choose to make public. Please be careful about what you disclose and do not post any personal information that you expect to keep private.
How do I opt-out of receiving promotions?
We provide you with several opportunities to opt-out of receiving our promotional communications and newsletters, including: When you set up an account; By clicking on "Profile" on the app; and By following the "unsubscribe," "preference center," or other opt-out instructions contained in our promotional communications.
How do I contact you about privacy-related questions?
If you have questions or comments about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail privacy.policy@adidas.com or by mail at the following address
adidas America
Attn: Legal Privacy Policy
5055 N Greeley Ave
Portland, OR 97217
If you have a question regarding a product or service, please contact Customer Service by
phone
at 1-800-982-9337. The adidas Group is a global player that is represented in markets all over the world. To find out more about our major locations, see
http://www.adidas-group.com/en/ourgroup/locations/default
How does this policy apply to international users?
If you choose to provide adidas with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States and around the world.  The information collected by adidas may be subject to international and U.S. state and federal law. If you are accessing our App, you may be transferring your personal information outside your country, where data protection and privacy laws may be different than the laws of your country. By using the App, you consent to the transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
What is the Secure Shopping Guarantee?
We use the industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to keep your order information secure. We've established a Secure Shopping Guarantee for every transaction that you make with the Confirmed App. Should any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping with the Confirmed App, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If you have more questions regarding our policy, you can call one of our Customer Service representatives at 1-800-982-9337.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
Oregon state law governs the interpretation of this Policy and applies to claims for breach of them regardless of conflict of laws principles. Both parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in courts sitting in Portland, Oregon. Both parties waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will update this Policy as needed to reflect changes in our services and customer feedback. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the bottom. If there are material changes to this Policy or in how adidas will use your personal information, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to remain informed of how adidas is protecting your information.
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Consumers residing in California have some additional rights with respect to their personal information under the
California Consumer Privacy Act or (“CCPA”).
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you and supplements the main privacy policy above.
Categories of Personal Information Collected
.
In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the categories of personal information listed below.
For more details about the data points we collect, please see the “
What Information do we collect and store?” section above.
Identifiers, such as name, email addresses, and billing and shipping address for online purchases.
Categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (California Civil Code Section 1798.80), including physical characteristics, payment information and, for employment candidates, education and employment history.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California law, such as gender and age (over 40).
Commercial information, including purchasing habits.
Biometric information, including any exercise data and preferences you share with us.
Internet and other similar network activity, such as app usage history.
Geolocation data.
Audio and visual information, such as pictures you may upload to our site and recorded customer services calls.
Professional or employment-related information, for example, from employment candidates.
Inferences drawn from the above information to create consumer profiles reflecting certain preferences and behaviors.
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting, Sharing and Selling Information
.
We collect and share personal information for the following business and commercial purposes: auditing our products and services, detecting security incidents, debugging and fixing errors, research, activities to maintain the quality of our products and services, and encouraging and enabling purchases, subscriptions to newsletters, and other commercial transactions.
We sell information as described in the “Sale of Personal Information” section below, for the purposes of auditing our consumer interactions, activities to maintain the quality of our services and encouraging and enabling purchases, subscriptions to newsletters, and other commercial transactions.
For more details, please see sections “
How do we use your personal information,” “Interest-Based Advertising” and “How do we use usage information?”
above.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information
.
We collect personal information (a) directly from you, for example when you make purchases from us, interact with our Customer Service Department, sign up for an account with us or subscribe to our newsletters, (b) automatically when, for example, you browse our App, make purchases from us, sign-in to our App using your social media account and (c) from third-party sources, for example, social media companies when you sign up to our App using your social media account, our corporate affiliates and advertising partners.
Please see our general privacy policy above for more details.
Categories of Third Parties to Whom We Disclose Information
.
We may share your personal information with third parties, including advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networks, our corporate affiliates and service providers for a business or commercial purpose. For more details, please see sections “Interest-Based Advertising” and “How do we share your personal Information?” above.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
.
In the last 12 months, we have shared with third parties, for a business or commercial purpose, the types of personal information described in the “Categories of Personal Information Collected” section above.
Sale of Personal Information
.
For the purposes of the CCPA, “selling” information broadly means scenarios where we have shared personal information with partners in exchange for valuable consideration.
We do share identifiers such as cookies and the advertising identifier associated with your mobile device with our advertising partners, and those partners use and share those identifiers to show ads that are targeted to your interests. To opt out of these “sales,” follow the instructions in the “Do Not Sell My Info” section below.
Do Not Sell My Info
To opt out of “sales” on this App, you can adjust the advertising privacy settings on your device. To change this feature on an iPhone: (1) go to Phone Settings, (2) go to Privacy, (3) tap on Advertising, (4) toggle Limit Ad Tracking and (5) restart your device.
To change this feature on most android devices, (1) go to Phone Settings, (2) go to Google services, (3) under Services, tap on Ads, (4) toggle Opt Out Ads Personalization, (5) restart your device.
Please note that adjusting these settings will only impact how data is shared on the device.
You will need to follow the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our websites to limit these types of sales on our websites.
You may still see ads to adidas products, but they may be less relevant because they aren’t based on your preferences.
Your California Consumer Rights
.
California consumers have the right to request access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about them in the last 12 months. You may make this request up to two times in a 12-month period.
You may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources of such collection, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share and sell your personal information, the categories of personal information we have disclosed and sold about you in the preceding 12 months, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold personal information in the preceding 12 months. If you are a California consumer, you also have the right to request deletion of your personal information (subject to certain exceptions), to opt out of sales of personal information and to receive equal service and price and not be discriminated against even if you exercise any of your CCPA rights.
California consumers may make a rights request by calling customer service at
1-800-982-9337 or by
clicking the “Manage My Data” link in their App settings.
If you have an account with us, you should make your request through the App: (1) go to Settings, (2) go to App Settings, (3) go to Manage Account, (4) choose California, (5) choose which right you’d like to exercise.
Your request must include sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
If applicable, we will verify you based on the fact that you have logged into your password protected account with us.
To opt-out of the “sale” of your information as described above, please
follow the instructions in the “Do Not Sell My Info” section above.
We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.