Last updated Apr 02, 2024
Privacy Policy
By using exploreshackle.com (Shackle Group Ltd’s primary website) and the Shackle app, you are agreeing to Shackle Group Ltd’s privacy policy as laid out below. Shackle Group Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office as a Data Controller.
What data do we collect?
If you create an account using the Shackle website or app, we will collect your personal details and contact information (such as your name, date of birth, phone number, email address and postal address).
If you make a purchase using the Shackle website or app, we will collect your payment information, such as your name, billing address and payment method details (such as your financial institution, card number, expiration date and security code).
How do we collect this data?
We collect this data from the account creation form you complete when creating your account and from the payment details form you complete when making a purchase.
How will we use this data?
We will use this data to:
establish and manage your account;
provide our products and services to you;
enable third parties (such as accommodation providers) to provide products and services to you, if you have purchased those products or services;
send you information about our products and services and the products and services of third parties (such as accommodation providers) that you have purchased or we think you might like;
operate, evaluate, develop, manage and improve our products and services (including developing new products and services; managing and evaluating the effectiveness of our communications; performing accounting, auditing, billing reconciliation and collection activities and other internal functions);
perform data analytics (including market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and anonymisation and aggregation of data);
keep you up to date with developments in the Shackle platform; and
contact you about your account, purchases you have made using our products and services and/or potential business opportunities.
How do we store your data?
We store your data within our third-party cloud systems and we will keep your data in accordance with our data retention policy. Once the time period has expired, we will delete your data, unless you have gone on to form a business opportunity with us.
Who do we share your data with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (including data hosting and payment services providers);
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary;
to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business; and
to any other person with your consent.
Marketing
By creating an account using the Shackle website or app, you agree that you would like us send you information about products and services of ours or third parties (such as accommodation providers) that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email
CS@EXPLORESHACKLE.COM
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
For further information, visit ALLABOUTCOOKIES.ORG.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website and app, including:
Understanding how you use our website and/or app;
Understanding what content you use from our website and/or app;
Understanding what you find most engaging about our website and/or app; and
Understanding your interest in our products and services and the products and services of third parties (such as accommodation providers).
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website and app uses:
Functionality
– We use these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and app and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. We also track how you navigate through our website and app so we can better improve your experience. In addition, we record what content you are engaging so we can provide better content in the future. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising
– We use these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website and app, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. We sometimes share some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website or app, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website and app.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website and app features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
Our website and app contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website and app, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and place any updates on this webpage or at this location within the app (as applicable).
This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd January 2023.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at:
CS@EXPLORESHACKLE.COM
.
What are your data protection rights?
We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request that we provide copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request we complete any information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
CS@EXPLORESHACKLE.COM
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that we have not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioners Office at
www.ico.org
.