Privacy Policy
08 May 2019
Effective Date:
1 January 2019
Notice Version:
1.1
Data Controller Contact Information:
Foxie Ventures
This privacy notice applies to the information that we collect from you when you use our website(s), https://www.foxieventures.com and all of our mobile applications collectively and herein after called “Platform.”
Our privacy notice tells you what personal data and nonpersonal data we may collect from you, how we collect them, how we protect them, how we share them, how you can access and change them, and how you can limit our sharing of them. Our privacy notice also explains certain legal rights that you have with respect to your personal data. Any capitalized terms not defined herein will have the same meaning as where they are defined elsewhere on our Platform.
Many of our Services [including: Wolf Tales, Dino Tamers] are restricted to older users (i.e., over the age of consent in the EU which ranges between 13 and 16 years of age depending on the Member State, or if in the U.S. or Canada over thirteen (13) years of age).
Other of our Services [Horse Riding Tales, Virtual Sim Story], and are not restricted to older users. For these services, please see our Children’s Privacy Notice below to understand our data collection practices.
Definitions
‘NONPERSONAL DATA’ (NPD) is information that is in no way personally identifiable.
‘PERSONAL DATA’ (PD) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. PD is in many ways the same as Personally Identifiable Information (PII). However, PD is broader in scope and covers more data. (GDPR) means General Data Protection Regulation.
Table of Contents
Your Rights
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
How Your Information Is Used and Shared
Retaining and Destroying Your PD
Updating Your PD
Revoking Your Consent for Using Your PD
Protecting the Privacy Rights of Third Parties
Do Not Track Settings
Links to Other Websites
Children’s Privacy Notice
Our Email Policy
Our Security Policy
Use of Your Credit Card
Transferring PD from the European Union
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Your Rights
When using our Platform and submitting PD to us, you may have certain rights under the GDPR if you reside or are in any of the countries of the European Union. Depending on the legal basis for processing your PD you may have some or all of the following rights:
The Right to Be Informed
–
You have the right to be informed about the PD that we collect from you and how we process them.
The Right of Access
–
You have the right to get confirmation that your PD are being processed and you have the ability to access your PD.
The Right to Rectification – You have the right to have your PD corrected if they are inaccurate or incomplete.
The Right to Erasure (Right to Be Forgotten)- You have the right to request the removal or deletion of your PD if there is no compelling reason for us to continue processing them.
The Right to Restrict Processing – You have the right to ‘block’ or restrict the processing of your PD. When your PD are restricted, we are permitted to store your data, but not to process them further.
The Right to Data Portability
–
You have the right to request your PD that you provided to us and use them for your own purposes. We will provide your data to you within 30 days of your request. Contact us using the information at the top of this privacy notice to request your PD.
The Right to Object
–
You have the right to object to us processing your PD for the following reasons:
Processing was based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling)
Direct marketing (including profiling)
Processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics
Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling.
Automated Individual Decision-Making and Profiling
–
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects regarding you or similarly significantly affects you.
Filing a Complaint with Authorities
–
You have the right to file a complaint with supervisory authorities if your information has not been processed in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation. If the supervisory authorities fail to address your complaint properly, you may have the right to a judicial remedy.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Generally, you control the amount and type of information that you provide to us when using our Platform.
Our Legal Basis for Collecting and Processing PD
Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you buy our products, services, make in-app purchases, or download any of our mobile apps is based on and the necessity for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you sign up for our newsletter, is based on consent.
Automatic Information
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information may include the name of the website from which you entered our Platform, if any, as well as the name of the website you’ll visit when you leave our Platform. This information may also include the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, and data about your browsing activity when using our Platform. We use all this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our Platform.
When Entering and Using Our Platform
When you enter and use our Platform and agree to accept cookies, some of these cookies may contain your PD.
Our Use of Cookies
Our Platform may use cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data or a text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access certain websites. Cookies may contain text that can be read by the web server that delivered the cookie to you. The text contained in the cookie generally consists of a sequence of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your computer or mobile device; it may contain other information as well.
By agreeing to accept our use of cookies you are giving us and the third parties with which we partner permission to place, store, and access some or all the cookies described below on your computer.
Strictly Necessary Cookies – These cookies are necessary for proper functioning of the Platform, such as displaying content, logging in, validating your session, responding to your request for services, and other functions. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. If you disable these cookies, you may not be able to access features on our Platform correctly or at all.
Performance Cookies – These cookies collect information about the use of the Platform, such as pages visited, traffic sources, users’ interests, content management, and other measurements.
Functional Cookies – These cookies enable the Platform to remember users’ choices, such as their language, usernames, and other choices while using the Platform. They can also be used to deliver services, such as letting a user create a blog post, listen to audios, or watch videos on the Platform.
Media Cookies – These cookies can be used to improve a Platforms performance and provide special features and content. They can be placed by us or third parties who provide services to us.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies – These cookies are usually placed and used by advertising companies to develop a profile of your browsing interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies.
Session Cookies – These cookies allow a Platform to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes, such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping cart as they browse a Platform. Session cookies also permit users to be recognized as they navigate a Platform so that any item or page changes they make are remembered from page to page. Session cookies expire after a browser session; they are not stored long term.
Persistent Cookies – These cookies are stored on a user’s device between browser sessions, which allows the user’s preferences or actions across a website or across different websites to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for several purposes, including remembering users’ choices and preferences when using a Platform or to target advertising to them.
We may also use cookies for:
identifying the areas of our Platform that you have visited
personalizing content that you see on our Platform
our Platform analytics
remarketing our products or services to you
remembering your preferences, settings, and login details
targeted advertising and serving ads relevant to your interests
affiliate marketing
allowing you to post comments
allowing you to share content with social networks.
Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of cookies. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to access features on our Platform correctly or at all.
Web Beacons
We may also use a technology called web beacons to collect general information about your use of our Platform and your use of special promotions or newsletters. The information we collect by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor the number of people who open our emails. Web beacons also help us to understand the behavior of our customers and users.
At User Registration
When you register as a user we collect your screen name.
When Buying Products or Services
If you buy products or services from us, we may collect some or all of the following information: your first and last name, email address, physical address, credit card or other payment information and phone number.
Collecting Information About Your Physical Location
When you use our Platform, we may collect and process information about your actual physical location. We use several technologies such as GPS and IP tracking to determine your location. These technologies may also give us information about nearby cell towers, Wi-Fi access points, and other devices.
Chat Software or In-game Communication
Our Platform contains chat software or in-game communication technology that enable users to communicate with one another. Our in game chat is filtered and moderated with the help of humans. You should limit the type of information you give to other users. What you tell them is not protected by our privacy notice and we have no control over the information you provide to other users, and we cannot prevent the misuse of your information by other users.
Analytics
We use analytics and crash reporting services from several companies to collect information about the use of our Platform. Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our Platform, what pages they visit, when they do so, what other websites they used before coming to our Platform, and their IP addresses. We use the information we get from analytics to improve our services.
What Happens If You Don’t Give Us Your PD
If you do not provide us with enough PD, we may not be able to provide you all our products and services. However, you can access and use some parts of our Platform without giving us your PD.
How Your Information Is Used and Shared
We may use the information we receive from you to:
provide our products and services (free or paid) you have requested from us
personalize and customize our content
make improvements to our Platform
contact you with updates to our Platform, products, and services
resolve problems and disputes
contact you with marketing and advertising that we believe may be of interest to you.
Communications, Emails, Text Messaging, and Push Notifications
When we communicate with you, we will use the email address you provided when you registered as a user or customer. We will also use text messaging or push notifications to communicate with you. From time-to-time, we may send you promotional information about our Platform or offers from us or our affiliates unless you have opted out of receiving such information. You can change your contact preferences at any time through your account or by contacting us using the contact information at the top of this privacy notice.
Text Messaging and Push Notifications
If you provide a mobile telephone number to us, you are giving your consent and authorize us or a third party to send you text messages and push notifications. You are not required to give us your consent for these text messages and push notifications. However, withholding your consent may interfere or prevent us from providing some or all of our services to you. You can stop receiving text messages and push notifications at any time by contacting us.
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties
We do not sell or rent your PD to third parties for marketing purposes. However, for data aggregation purposes we may share your NPD with other parties at our discretion. Any such data aggregation would not contain any of your PD. We may give your PD to third-party service providers whom we hire to provide services to us. These third-party service providers may include but are not limited to payment processors, web analytics companies, advertising networks, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, accountants, law firms, auditors, shopping cart and email service providers, and shipping companies.
Sharing Your Information When You Login Using Social Media Websites
We may share your information with third parties such as Facebook.com, Twitter.com, YouTube.com, Instagram.com, and Google.com. If you decide to login to our Platform using these third parties or other social media websites, you are agreeing to let us use and store your profile information from those websites to make better use of any social media features on our Platform. This sharing of information helps us provide you a better experience when using our Platform and services. It also provides us with useful information such as visitor traffic. If you use any of the social sharing icons on our Platform to share our information, you may also be sharing your personal information through social media websites.
Facebook Remarketing
Third parties, including Facebook, may use first-party cookies, third-party cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our Platform and elsewhere on the Internet, and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. With Facebook remarketing you may see our ads on Facebook after you have used our services. For this to happen Facebook uses unique cookies that are activated and placed in a visitor’s browser when they land on a webpage. Facebook lookalike audience targeting allows us to show ads on Facebook to people who are similar to those who have already visited or made a purchase from our services. To opt out of Facebook’s collection and use of information for ad targeting visit:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Legally Required Releases of Information
We may be legally required to disclose your PD if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or governmental enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our terms and conditions; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties, including you and/or other users; or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, users, employees, and affiliates.
Disclosures to Successors
If our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing our Platform to you, we retain the right to transfer your PD to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your PD according to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy notice as instituted by the new business. We also retain the right to transfer your PD if our company files for bankruptcy and some or all of our assets are sold to another individual or business.
Retaining and Destroying Your PD
We retain information that we collect from you (including your PD) only for as long as we need it for legal, business, or tax purposes. Your information may be retained in electronic, paper, or a combination of both forms. When your information is no longer needed, we will destroy, delete, or erase it.
Request for Deletion of Data
You may request deletion of
information that we collect from you (including your PD) by sending an e-mail to contact@foxiegames.com. Please include your relevant game account information to enable us to be able to locate the appropriate data.
Updating Your PD
You can update your PD using services found on our Platform. If no such services exist, you can contact us using the contact information found at the top of this privacy notice and we will help you. However, we may keep your PD as needed to enforce our agreements and to comply with any legal obligations.
Revoking Your Consent for Using Your PD
You have the right to revoke your consent for us to use your PD at any time. Such optout will not affect disclosures otherwise permitted by law including but not limited to: (i) disclosures to affiliates and business partners, (ii) disclosures to third-party service providers that provide certain services for our business, such as payment processors, web analytics companies, advertising networks, call centers, data management services, help desk providers, accountants, law firms, auditors, shopping cart and email service providers, and shipping companies, (iii) disclosures to third parties as necessary to fulfill your requests, (iv) disclosures to governmental agencies or law enforcement departments, or as otherwise required to be made under applicable law, (v) previously completed disclosures to third parties, or (vi) disclosures to third parties in connection with subsequent contests or promotions you may choose to enter, or third-party offers you may choose to accept. If you want to revoke your consent for us to use your PD, please contact us through the contact information at the top of this privacy notice.
Protecting the Privacy Rights of Third Parties
If any postings you make on our Platform contain information about third parties, you agree to make sure that you have permission to include that information. While we are not legally liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings about which we are notified, if such postings violate the privacy rights of others.
Do Not Track Settings
Some web browsers have settings that enable you to request that our website not track your movement within our Platform. Our Platform does not obey such settings when transmitted to and detected by our Platform. You can turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser by referring to your browser’s user manual.
Links to Other Websites
Our Platform may contain links to other websites. These websites are not under our control and are not subject to our privacy notice. These websites will likely have their own privacy notices. We have no responsibility for these websites and we provide links to these websites solely for your convenience. You acknowledge that your use of and access to these websites are solely at your risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy notices of these websites to see how they treat your PD.
Children’s Privacy Notice
The Children’s Privacy Notice applies to our Services [Horse Riding Tales, Virtual Sim Story] which are not restricted to older users.
We do not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) (“Children’s Personal Information”), the GDPR or other applicable privacy law in a manner that is not permitted by applicable law. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have, please contact us contact@foxiegames.com and we will remove such data to the extent required by applicable law.
We do not collect Children’s Personal Information except as permitted by applicable law. For example, we disable certain features (such as push notifications and certain tracking technologies). We also heavily moderate, filter and limit the in-game chat and only allow players to only create a profile using a generic player name. We may still collect and use IP address and device ID for authentication, fraud prevention, game optimization, and customer support purposes. Without limitation, we will not serve Interest-based ads (ads based on user profiles built by tracking user activities across sites or on the services) on these services. If you are a parent or guardian and believe we have collected and/or are using Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by applicable law, please contact us contact@foxiegames.com and we will remove associated Children’s Personal Information to the extent required by applicable law.
Our Email Policy
You can always opt out of receiving email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third party without your permission except in the sale or transfer of our business, or if our company files for bankruptcy.
Our Security Policy
We have built our Platform using industry-standard security measures and authentication tools to protect the security of your PD. We and the third parties who provide services to us also maintain technical and physical safeguards to protect your PD. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee prevention of loss or misuse of your PD or secure data transmission over the Internet because of its nature. We strongly urge you to protect any password you may have for our Platform and not share it with anyone.
Use of Your Credit Card
You may have to provide a credit card to buy products and services from our Platform. We use third-party billing services and have no control over them. We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your credit card number is kept strictly confidential by using only third-party billing services that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number.
Transferring PD from the European Union
PD that we collect from you may be stored, processed, and transferred among any countries in which we operate. The European Union has not found Australia, the United States, and some other countries to have an adequate level of protection of PD under Article 45 of the GDPR. Our company relies on derogations for specific situations as defined in Article 49 of the GDPR. If you are a European Union customer or user, with your consent your PD may be transferred to Australia, the United States, or other countries outside the European Union when you request information from us. When you buy goods, services, or download any of our mobile apps, we will use your PD for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. Wherever we transfer, process, or store your PD, we will take reasonable steps to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you in accordance with our privacy notice. By using our Platform, you agree to the transfers of your PD described within this section.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change this privacy notice at any time. If our company decides to change this privacy notice, we will post those changes on our Platform so that our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. If at any time we decide to disclose or use your PD in a method different from that specified at the time it was collected, we will provide advance notice by email sent to the email address on file in your account. Otherwise we will use and disclose our users’ and customers’ PD in agreement with the privacy notice in effect when the information was collected. In all cases your continued use of our Platform, services, and products after any change to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us through the information at the top of this privacy notice.
Copyright © This Privacy Notice is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you, is strictly prohibited.
Foxie Ventures Contact
support@appholdings.org
1999 Bryan St Ste 900
Dallas, TX 75201
BACK TO BLOG LISTING
Home
Games
▼
Animal Kingdoms
Star Equestrian
Horse Riding Tales
Dino Tamers
Wolf Tales
Virtual Sim Story
Pony Tales
Studio
Careers
Blogs
Support