Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 23, 2024
Protecting the Personal Information entrusted in our care is important to us. We respect the privacy of our customers and are committed to safeguarding all Personal Information or data entrusted to us. The Privacy Policy applies to Questrade Financial Group Inc. and all its subsidiaries which includes Questrade, Inc., Questrade Wealth Management Inc., QuestEnterprise Inc., QuestGlobal Inc., Community Trust Company, Think!nsure Ltd., Zolo Ventures Ltd. (and its subsidiaries), and Flexiti Financial Inc. (and its subsidiaries). In addition, QuestMoney and QuestMortgage® are services provided under license by Community Trust Company and trademarks of Questrade, Inc.  All of the foregoing entities are collectively referred to as the “
Questrade Group of Companies
”, “
Questrade
”, “
we
” or “
us
”. The Questrade Group of Companies provides deposit, investment, loan, securities, mortgages, real estate and other financial products or services.
We do not engage in any practice that contradicts the Privacy Policy. This includes:
selling Personal Information to third parties;
publishing Personal Information with the intended purpose of charging individuals for its removal
collecting, using, or sharing Personal Information that is otherwise unlawful; or
profiling or categorizing clients in a way that leads to unfair, unethical, or discriminatory treatment contrary to human rights law.
We are committed to safeguarding your Personal Information. Upon request and in accordance with applicable privacy requirements, we will disclose how we use your Personal Information and with whom we may share it. We will also:
limit the Personal Information we collect to what is required and will only use it for those purposes;
only use your Personal Information for the purposes it was obtained (and we will obtain your consent before using your Personal Information for another purpose);
ensure that the service providers and contractors who have access to or are provided with your Personal Information are bound to protect your information and will not use it for any unauthorized purposes; and
train our employees to ensure that your personal information is handled appropriately and to reiterate the importance of treating it with the utmost care.
I.
What is Personal Information?
“
Personal Information
” is any information about an identifiable individual. It may include, without limitation, an individual's name, age, date of birth, home address, social insurance number, marital status, income, account number, client identification number, personal email address and messages, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Personal Information doesn't include the business contact information of an individual which is collected, used, or disclosed solely for the purposes of communicating or facilitates communication with the individual in relation to their employment, business, or profession.
Personal Information also doesn’t include any information that is aggregated or anonymized.
II.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
We collect and use several types of information from and about you to better provide products and services to you. Depending on the product or service you have with us, this may include:
Personal Information (such as your name, address, contact information, date of birth, occupation and any other type of identification including your driver’s license);
Financial and bank information including your credit score and information about your assets,  liabilities, income and expenses;
Tax information (including Social Insurance Number (SIN));
Employment information;
Information about your interests and purchasing preferences; and
Information about your transactions with us and our interactions with you (including call recordings and chat transcripts).
We also collect technical information and transaction data. This may include:
Technical information, including your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, or information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and usage details as well as non-personal details about your online interactions, including the Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time), products you viewed or searched, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, email response and interactions, and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
Transaction Data may be collected if you participate in any of our card-linked programs, such as RoundUP and Cashback Rewards. When you participate in  programs like this, you may be required to enroll your credit card and you will be required to provide your consent to have transactions on your enrolled card monitored by the card network. The card network will share with us, and the third-party program provider, certain Transaction Data from those monitored transactions that includes the date, time, amount, merchant category, and merchant name. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in our Program Terms or this Privacy Policy, Questrade and its third-party service provider will use your Transaction Data solely to enable card linked offers, identify offers that may be of interest to you based on location, calculate round up amounts, and provide program notifications.
You may opt-out of transaction monitoring on your card at any time by going to your program settings and disabling or removing the card.
Collection of Social Insurance Number (SIN) for Identity Verification (Optional)
Depending on the products or services you have with us, we may also request (with your consent) your SIN to verify your identity through an established credit reporting agency. This will apply for all accounts, with the exception of registered accounts (i.e., RSP, RESP), which do not require the use of a SIN for identity verification. However, if we do request that you provide us with your SIN for a reason other than for income tax reporting purposes, providing us with your SIN is optional and you can refuse our request for this information.
Biometric Information
We may ask you to provide us with a selfie and a copy of a piece of government-issued photo ID when you open an account with us. In such cases, your Personal Information may be transferred to a third-party service provider, such as Mitek Systems, Inc. (“Mitek”), who may process and use your Personal Information, including your facial biometrics, to verify your identity for us. Mitek may share your identity verification results with us; however, we shall never collect, receive, or have access to your biometric information and Mitek will delete your Personal Information after 90 days.
Our mobile applications may be supported by third-party operating systems, such as iOS. Through the use of these operating systems, you may enable third-party technologies, such as Apple Face ID, to use your facial biometrics to authenticate your identity and access certain features on your device. In such cases, we may be notified if you authenticate your identity in order to access our applications; however, we shall never collect, receive, or have access to your biometric information.
III.
How is the Personal Information Collected?
The Personal Information we have about you may be collected directly from you (or anyone authorized by you to act on your behalf under a power of attorney or other legal authority) using a variety of means (including technological mediums). In addition, we may employ technologies that identify, locate, or profile you. This information may be collected from sources within or outside of our Company including from (depending on the product or service you have with us):
our interactions with you (including email, instant messaging/chat, telephone and video calls);
your mortgage broker, real estate agent or broker, or insurance broker (where applicable);
government bodies, agencies, registries; regulatory bodies, and law enforcement authorities;
public records;
law enforcement authorities;
public records;
third party service providers (including financial data aggregators) and professional advisors (such as accountants and lawyers);
other financial or lending institutions;
credit reporting agencies including Equifax Canada Inc. and Trans Union of Canada, Inc.;
our affiliates, partners, and related entities; and
organizations with whom you have arrangements or any other sources we deem appropriate (where the information obtained will help us serve you).
Call Recordings
We may record telephone or video calls made or received by our agents and employees for quality assurance and security purposes. If you do not want your call to be recorded, please notify the agent on the call. We keep recordings of calls only for as long as permitted by law.
Providing Consent of Others Including Minors
You may disclose Personal Information about others with consent from such individuals. Where you are disclosing Personal Information about minors, you are doing so as the minor’s parental authority or tutor.
IV.
Why Do We Collect Your Personal Information?
The Personal Information collected is used to ensure we can provide products and services to you and fulfill our obligations to you.
We may use your Personal Information for purposes including to:
verify your identity (as applicable, there may be instances where your identity is verified with third-parties who rely on telecommunication service providers);
determine your eligibility for products, services or coverage for which you are applying for;
administer your account and product and services you may have with us (including the administration of claims);
Complete an application or communicate with you (including responding to any inquiries you may make);
Pre-populate forms with Personal Information previously provided when applying for or making a request for any additional product(s) or service(s) of the Company;
evaluate and process your application, accounts, transactions, and reports;
help analyze and understand your needs in order to serve you better and personalize your experience with us (including our affiliates) and to help us (including our affiliates) develop new products and services. This may include using your Personal Information for study or research purposes, or the production of statistics;
help us assess your eligibility for other products or services or to renew your current products and services, with us or our affiliates;
help manage and assess our risks including risk of default, operations and relationship with you;
help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed by you;
assign or sell your account, or amounts owing under your contract to a third party;
investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law;
comply with applicable laws, internal policies and requirements of regulators, including self-regulatory organizations; and
best serve you and your interests.
We may use artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and automated decision making technologies to evaluate and assess Personal Information.
Additional Collection, Uses, and Disclosures
Marketing and Sales Purposes
Your Personal information may be used for marketing and sales purposes such as:
informing you about products and services that may be of interest to you (including any new products or services, or the products and services of our affiliates and partners);
using your Personal Information to determine your eligibility to participate in promotions, including contests;
contacting you by email, telephone, fax, text message, or any other electronic means; and
using your Personal Information to conduct research, analysis, modeling, and surveys to improve your experience with us and for product/service development.
Where you do not wish for your Personal Information to be used for such marketing and sales purposes, you may withdraw your consent (subject to certain restrictions).
For Credit/Mortgage Products
For any credit products such as mortgages, lines of credit, overdraft protection, loans, or credit cards, we will exchange Personal Information and reports about you with credit reporting agencies (including creditor and default insurance providers) and other lenders at the time of the application and throughout your relationship with us to review and verify your creditworthiness, establish credit and hold limits, help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you, and/or manage and assess our risks. Once you have such a credit product with us and for a reasonable period of time afterwards, we may from time to time disclose your Personal Information to other lenders and credit reporting agencies requesting such information, which helps establish your credit history and supports the credit granting and processing functions in general. We may obtain Information and reports about you from a credit reporting agency such as Equifax Canada Inc. and Trans Union of Canada, Inc.
Using Your SIN for Non-Tax Purposes
With your consent, and where SIN has been collected, we may also use it as a unique identifier.There are situation(s) where it is necessary to keep your Personal Information separate from that of other customers or individuals with similar names, for internal matching of your personal records against records received from authorized third parties, and to help maintain the accuracy of your Personal Information. You can withdraw your consent for the non-tax use of SIN at anytime by contacting
privacy@questrade.com
and putting “Withdraw Non-Tax Use of SIN” in the subject line or in the body of the message.
Fraud Management
Your Personal Information may be used to help protect you and us against fraud risk and errors. This includes for the purposes of preventing, detecting, suppression of any financial abuse, fraud, criminal activity, and improving security measures. To protect both your and our assets and interests we may collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information to assist with both external and internal fraud investigations. The investigations may be related to suspected or actual illegal or suspicious activity, or to manage, defend, or settle any potential or actual loss in connection with the activity. Such Personal Information may come from you or any other source listed in this Privacy Policy including other financial institutions. In addition, we may disclose your Personal Information to any person or organization, fraud prevention agency, regulatory or government body, operator of any database or registry used to check information provided against existing information, or other financial/lending institutions for the purposes of fraud management.
V.
How Long Will We Keep Your Personal Information?
Personal information will not be used, disclosed, or retained for purposes other than those for which the information was collected, except with the permission of the individual, or as permitted or required by law.  Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
VI.
To Whom Do We Disclose Your Personal Information ?
In order to provide you with the best products and services, we may need to share your Personal Information with other parties who are under an obligation to protect the confidentiality of that information. The shared information will be limited to such information which is necessary to facilitate the arrangement.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
to carry out a mandate or perform a contract of enterprise or for services;
as part of a business transaction that we are considering or involved in (including the purchase of a business or the sale of part or all of our business);
to respond to a court order, search warrant, or any other valid demand or request;
to satisfy any applicable legal or regulatory requirement (including to a self-regulatory organization of which we are a member);
to any advisors we may engage which may include financial advisors, consultants, accountants, lawyers, and auditors;
to suppliers, service providers, agents or other organizations that perform services for you, for us or on our behalf;
to your real estate agent or broker, mortgage broker or creditor/default insurance provider, or insurance provider;
to our active and prospective funding partners for purposes of credit risk management and to meet our contractual obligations to them;
to any authorized individual with legal authority including Power of Attorney;
for study or research purposes or for the production of statistics;
to help us collect a debt or enforce an obligation owed to us by you; and
where otherwise permitted by law.
Categories of Service Providers
To provide you with optimal service, we may engage a variety of third party service providers. These service providers may be disclosed or have access to your Personal Information. The types of service providers we engage may include:
communications service providers;
compliance and fraud management service providers;
credit reporting agencies;
customer management service providers;
disaster recovery service providers;
finance, depository, and credit service providers;
government and regulatory agencies;
investment management service providers;
marketing service providers;
broker managers and mortgage and underwriting service providers;
payment processing service providers;
physical storage service providers;
professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants, consultants, auditors, and financial advisors;
rating and valuation service providers;
reward service providers; and
technology service providers.
Note that the service providers and other organizations we may use could be located outside of your province of residence or Canada. As such, your Personal Information may be collected, accessed, used, disclosed, and stored outside of your province of residence or Canada. In such a case, your Personal Information may be accessible or disclosed to or accessed by law enforcement, regulators, or authorities in the jurisdiction(s) where your Personal Information is being collected, accessed, used, disclosed or stored.
We may also share your Personal Information internally, including with our affiliates, for the following purposes:
to manage your relationship with us and our affiliates;
to better understand the products and services you have with us or our affiliates;
to provide you with improved customer experience including maintaining consistent information about you;
to manage and assess our risks; and
to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements for use and our affiliates.
The categories of employees within the Company that may have access to your Personal Information include as it is required:
Senior management;
Executives;
Oversight (compliance, legal, privacy, risk, fraud);
Information technology and cybersecurity;
Operations;
Customer sales and service; and
Marketing and business analytics.
Disclosing Your SIN
Your SIN may be shared with third parties for income tax reporting purposes, as required by law. Your SIN may be also collected for non-tax purposes and used for identification purposes, records management, or to facilitate credit reporting checks. Where your SIN is being used for non-tax purposes, you may withdraw your consent at any time.
Disclosures for Questrade’s Affiliate Program
We may share or report personal and trading information of any account holder who has been referred to Questrade as part of Questrade’s affiliate program. Information that may be shared includes (1) when you opened an account and (2) the number of transactions made in your account. For more information on our affiliate program, please visit
https://www.questrade.com/affiliates/overview
. If you become a client as a result of being referred to Questrade through a third party, you should be aware that Questrade may pay the third party a referral fee. Please visit
https://www.questrade.com/about-us/programs-promotions
for details of referred fees paid through Questrade’s refer a friend program and
https://www.questrade.com/affiliates/overview
for details of referral fees paid through Questrade’s affiliate program.
VII.
Your Personal Information Rights
Withdrawing Consent
Subject to applicable legal and regulatory requirements, the consent to use your Personal Information given in any Privacy Agreement, Privacy Policy, and any other consent collected will be valid as long as you have a product or service with us or until we have received written notice that you wish to withdraw it. You may withdraw your consent in whole or with respect to certain uses. In certain circumstances, withdrawing your consent will mean we can no longer administer your products and services. You can only withdraw your consent subject to certain legal and contractual restrictions. You may contact
privacy@questrade.com
if you wish to withdraw your consent.
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
You have a right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies with your Personal Information that is in our custody and control (subject to certain exceptions prescribed by applicable laws and regulations). This includes obtaining details about what Personal Information was collected about you, how and why it was collected, how we process it, the categories of persons (internally and externally) and service providers who have access to or have been disclosed your Personal Information, the jurisdictions where your Personal Information may be disclosed, and how long we retain your Personal Information (subject to certain exceptions prescribed by applicable laws and regulations). For further information or to submit a request, contact
privacy@questrade.com
Protecting your Personal Information
Please note that sharing your Personal Information with us does have certain risks including risk of unauthorized disclosure of Personal Information, identity theft, and fraud. We take the protection of your Personal Information very seriously and deploy various technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect your information.
Consent to Communications
By providing us with your contact information (email, phone number, address), you are consenting to us collecting, using, accessing, disclosing and storing your Personal Information for communication purposes including responding to any inquiries you make, helping us better understand your needs, and advising you of other products and services that may be of interest to you (including those of select third parties and affiliates).
Please note that while clients may withdraw consent from obtaining promotional communications, this withdrawal will not apply to all communications. There are certain communications that all clients must receive (such as those regarding account-related information). Non clients may withdraw consent from all communications at any time.
Opting Out of Commercial Electronic Messages
If you consent to and receive commercial electronic messages from us and you no longer wish to receive them, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the message and follow the prompts on your screen.  You can also contact
unsubscribe@questrade.com
.
Some emails may not include a ‘unsubscribe’ link because the email contains account-related information that all clients must receive.
If you receive an email in error after you have unsubscribed, please forward it to
unsubscribe@questrade.com
and your request will be processed immediately.
You can change, update and opt-out of mobile alerts (for example, order, custom or smart alerts), through the User Preference pages in IQ Edge or IQ Web Trading (where applicable; depending on the product/service you have with us).
Note: Clients cannot unsubscribe from receiving communications that we are obligated to provide such as account-related information. All clients can unsubscribe from promotional communications at any time. A non client can withdraw consent from all communications at any time.
VIII.
Links To Other Websites
Our website contains links to other sites that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the privacy policy and privacy practices of any other websites.
If you store your financial or authentication information (such as investment account numbers and login information) with online or web-enabled personal finance sites or data aggregators, your security may be at a greater risk.
IX.
Privacy Questions, Concerns, or Complaints
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We will post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will notify you by email using the email address specified in your account or place information banners on our website. We will include the date the Privacy Policy was last revised at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date, active, and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this Privacy Policy specifically to check for any changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or privacy and confidentiality matters, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer at:
Questrade, Inc.
5700 Yonge Street, Unit G1 – Ground Floor
Toronto, ON M2M 4K2 Canada
Toll free: 1.888.783.7866
Email:
privacy@questrade.com
Contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
If, after contacting Questrade, you feel your Personal Information concerns have not been adequately addressed, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at:
30 Victoria Street
Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 1H3
Toll-free: 1.800.282.1376
Phone: 819.994.5444
TTY: 819.994.6591
Online:
https://www.priv.gc.ca/en/report-a-concern/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.questrade.com/disclosure/privacy-policy-and-security:
Disclaimers
Privacy and Security
Privacy & Security
Legal and disclosures
Privacy and Security
Privacy Centre
Last Updated: July 23, 2024
The security and protection of your information is very important to us. Our Privacy and Security Centre provides security and privacy related information for Questrade Financial Group Inc. and all its subsidiaries which includes Questrade, Inc., Questrade Wealth Management Inc., QuestEnterprise Inc., QuestGlobal Inc., Community Trust Company, Think!nsure Ltd., Zolo Ventures Ltd. (and its subsidiaries) and Flexiti Financial Inc. (and its subsidiaries). In addition, QuestMoney and QuestMortgage® are services provided under license by Community Trust Company and trademarks of Questrade, Inc.  All of the foregoing entities are collectively referred to as the “
Questrade Group of Companies
”, “
Questrade
”, “
we
” or “
us
”. The Questrade Group of Companies provides deposit, investment, loan, securities, mortgages, real estate and other financial products or services.
We’ve developed our Privacy and Security Centre to help you understand how we protect, use and share the information, including your Personal Information, that you provide to us.
Where can I find out more about Privacy?
Learn more about privacy at Questrade:
Privacy Policy
Online Security Guarantee
Online Security and Privacy Policy
Social Media Policy
What is Personal Information?
“
Personal Information
” is any information about an identifiable individual. It may include, without limitation, an individual's name, age, date of birth, home address, social insurance number, marital status, income, account number, client identification number, personal email address and messages, and Internet Protocol (IP) address.
Personal Information doesn't include business contact information of an individual which is collected, used, or disclosed solely for the purposes of communicating or facilitates communication with the individual in relation to their employment, business, or profession.
Personal Information also doesn’t include any information that is aggregated or anonymized.
Protection of Personal Information
We have a dedicated privacy program that protects the Personal Information that we collect, use, disclose, and store and helps ensure that Personal Information is handled in accordance with applicable laws and industry standards. Earning and maintaining trust is at the core of what we do. We are committed to transparency in our privacy practices and we want you to interact with us in confidence. We invest significant resources to protect your Personal Information, and are always guided by our privacy values. In particular, we endeavour to treat all our customers equally by ensuring that our customers can access their Personal Information and withdraw consent to collect Personal Information at any time.
Additionally, we pledge to
not sell your Personal Information to anyone;
ensure that the Personal Information we collect from you will be used for the purposes of providing our products and services and improving those products and services;
limit the collection and storage of your Personal Information to what is relevant and necessary to provide you our products and services;
process your Personal Information in a manner using appropriate security and confidentiality measures.
Information Sharing
The information you share with us allows us to provide you with the optimal customer experience when using our products and services.
Information sharing provides a range of benefits to our customers, including innovating and enhancing our product suite and services. For example, we will share your information within Questrade to understand your financial needs and to deliver financial products and services that best meet them.
You can find out more about our disclosure practices in our
Privacy Policy
.
FAQ
s
What Personal Information is shared within Questrade Group Of Companies?
The Personal Information shared depends on the types of products and services that you use when dealing with a member of the Questrade Group of Companies. As an example, it may include your name, address, phone number, email address, and information about the product you have with one of the Questrade Group of Companies.
Under what circumstances is my information shared?
In accordance with consents obtained, our
Privacy Policy
, and applicable privacy legislation, we may share your Personal Information where we identify an opportunity for one member to provide useful services to clients of another member of Questrade Group of Companies. We may also share information upon your initiative, such as upon opening an account with more than one member of Questrade Group of Companies. In this case, we will pre-populate your information to make account opening easier and faster.
How do I stop my Personal Information from being shared?
You can request for your information to not be shared within Questrade Group of Companies, however, this request will be subject to certain restrictions. These options can be requested by following the instructions in our
Privacy Policy
or by emailing
privacy@questrade.com
.
Does this mean that all my Personal Information will now be shared within Group of Companies without restriction?
No, the sharing of your Personal Information is governed by our
Privacy Policy
, consents obtained, and applicable privacy legislation. We encourage you to review it so that you have a clear understanding of how we collect, use and disclose your Personal Information within Questrade Group of Companies. This Centre is primarily to provide increased transparency about the information sharing detailed in our
Privacy Policy
.
What are my Privacy Rights and Responsibilities - Controls and Choices?
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. Your controls and choices may include:
correcting, updating and deleting your Personal Information through your accounts with Questrade Group of Companies (depending on the product or service you have with us);
choosing whether to receive information about our products and services that we may believe is of interest to you;
choosing whether we share your Personal Information with third parties so that they can send you information about their products and services;
requesting access to the Personal Information we hold about you and that we change or update it.
What steps do the Questrade Group of Companies take to protect the security of my information?
The security, integrity, and confidentiality of your information are extremely important to us. We use physical, technical, organizational, and administrative safeguards to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access or loss. We use a layered security approach, including the latest online and networking security technology, such as firewalls and encryption. We regularly review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
For more information about Questrade Group of Companies privacy practices, please contact
privacy@questrade.com
.
Do the Questrade Group of Companies have a public Vulnerability Bounty Program in place?
We do not have a public Vulnerability Bounty Program in place, and we will not be able to offer recognition for vulnerability reports from researchers seeking compensation.
How can I report a concern related to privacy (including concerns about a privacy breach)?
When someone has a concern about the privacy of their information, we treat this as a top priority.
Protecting your Personal Information is a top priority for us. If you have a concern, inquiry, or request related to the privacy of your information, please email us at
privacy@questrade.com
or call
1-888-783-7866
.
Who is in charge of Privacy at the Questrade Group of Companies?
Our Chief Privacy Officer is in charge of privacy at the Questrade Group of Companies. If you have any concerns about privacy or your Personal Information, please contact
privacy@questrade.com
.
What does the Privacy Program at the Questrade Group of Companies look like?
The protection of Personal Information entrusted in our care is of utmost importance to us.  Our Privacy Program includes:
policies dealing with matters such as incident management and information rights;
mandatory privacy training; and
privacy impact and risk assessment processes
Contact Us about Privacy
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or privacy and confidentiality matters, please contact our Chief Privacy Officer at:
Questrade, Inc.
5700 Yonge Street, Unit G1
Toronto, ON M2M 4K2 Canada
Toll free:
1-888-783-7866
Email:
privacy@questrade.com
Help us improve by taking a quick survey.
let's go!
Cookie Preferences
Many of the cookies used help the website function and give you options, such as live chat, in your browsing experience. Others allow us to better understand your online preferences so we can provide you with personalized content.
While some of these cookies are mandatory (always active cookies are required and cannot be turned off), others you can control.
Always Active
These cookies are required for key functions on our website, such as opening an account or logging into it.
Always Active
These cookies allow you to adjust your experience on our website to suit your needs, such as how you get in touch with us.
Always Active
These cookies are anonymous and help us provide you a more personalized experience and allow us to continuously improve the content we show you, such as site analytics.
Personalized Advertising
These cookies allow us to display advertisements catered to your interest across social media and other websites.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label