Vorwerk International Help Center
September 25, 2023 at 8:22 AM
Data Protection Policy for Cooking Center app
Last updated on: September 2023
1 GENERAL
2 PROCESSING ACTIVITIES
3 DELETION / RETENTION OF DATA
4 RECIPIENT OF DATA
5 RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
6 DATA PROTECTION AND SECURITY MEASURES
7 RESERVATION OF AMENDMENT
1 GENERAL
1.1 CONTROLLER / Data protection officer(s)
The controller within the meaning of the data protection law as well as other data protection provisions with regard to personal data, which are processed as described below, is:
Vorwerk International & Co. KmG
Verenastrasse 39
CH- 8832 Wollerau
You can reach the data protection officer of the controller at:
The Data Protection Officer c/o Vorwerk
Vorwerk International & Co. KmG
Verenastrasse 39
CH- 8832 Wollerau
Email:
dpo@vorwerk.ch
Vorwerk’s International EU representative
Vorwerk SE & Co. KG
Mühlenweg 17-37
42270 Wuppertal
Germany
datenschutzbeauftragter.corporate@vorwerk.de
1.2 Subject matter of the Data Protection Policy
The purpose of Cooking Center app (“App”) is to manage the updates of the Vorwerk cooking devices (“Devices”) and monitor its cooking progress. Consequently, it does not require sharing any personal data with Vorwerk.
The following information will inform you about the functionality of the Cooking Center app. Vorwerk is the provider of the App and thus the controller for processing activities with regards to the App. This information is available for you at any time in the App under “More” / “Legal Information” / “Data Protection”.
2 PROCESSING ACTIVITIES
Below you will find information about the specific processing activities, the scope and purpose of the data processing, the legal basis for processing, and the duration of storage, insofar as the latter deviates from the information under Clause 5.
2.1 Usage of the App
2.1.1 You can use the App without creating a user account. When you open the App for the first time, you will be asked to enable Bluetooth connection. Enabling the connection will allow you to connect to the devices and installation of updates.
2.1.2 Periodic updates will be made available for you. You will be asked to install the updates in order to ensure efficient working of the devices.
2.1.3 The legal basis of the data processing is contract performance.
2.2 Customer service support
2.2.1 In case you experience any technical issues with the devices and decide to contact customer service support, in order to process your request Vorwerk will need to collect personal data from you (first name, last name, email address, telephone number, serial number of the devices).
2.2.2 The legal basis of the data processing is contract performance.
2.3 Sensor connection for Android devices
2.3.1 If you possess an Android device running on Android 11 and lower version, in order to establish a Sensor connection with a nearby device, you are requested to enable Bluetooth and share your location on your mobile app. This is a one-time data processing, and no further processing takes place. No location data is being collected by controller and matched with any other data.
3 DELETION / RETENTION OF DATA
Vorwerk stores your data as long as this is necessary and permissible for the purpose of data processing. After completion of the intended purpose or after the expiry of the statutory retention periods, your data will be deleted immediately.
4 RECIPIENT OF DATA
4.1 Vorwerk International is the provider of the App that engages other third parties to provide the technical infrastructure and associated services (service provider). These service providers process your personal data only according to our instructions. These third parties are obliged to maintain data protection technical and organizational measures and confidentiality of the data.
5 RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS
5.1 Given the fact that no personal data are being collected or processed by Vorwerk via this App (Sec. 1.2 and 2.1.1 relating to enforcement of data subject rights listed shall not apply.
5.2 For the processing activities relating to customer service support (Sec. 2.2.) following data subject rights apply: you have the right to obtain information from us, the right to rectification and deletion, with respect to your data, the right to limit the processing, the right to object to the processing, and the right to data portability.
These rights can be asserted to Vorwerk, e.g. by e-mail to dpo@vorwerk.ch
5.3 You also have the right to complain to a supervisory authority.
6 DATA PROTECTION AND SECURITY MEASURES
6.1 We protect your privacy and will treat your personal data confidentially.
6.2 In order to avoid a manipulation, loss, or misuse of your data stored by us, we take extensive technical and organizational security precautions that are regularly reviewed and updated in line with technical advancements.
6.3 However, we would like to point out that it is possible, due to the structure of the internet, that the rules of data protection and the aforementioned security measures are not comprehensively observed by other persons or institutions not within our area of responsibility.
7 RESERVATION OF AMENDMENT
We reserve the right to adapt the Data Protection Policy from time to time, e.g. if there are changes in data processing. In the event of an update of this data protection information, we will inform you in an appropriate manner, e.g. via the App or via email.
Article is closed for comments.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://support.vorwerk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360010187899-Privacy-Policy-for-Help-Center:
Vorwerk International Help Center
October 23, 2019 at 10:28 AM
Date: September 2019
Content
1............. General
2............. Processing of personal Data on our Platform
3............. Recipients of Personal Data
4............. Your Rights
5............. Data Security
6............. Retention and Deletion of Data by Vorwerk International
7............. Status of the Privacy Policy
8............. Data Protection Officer
1
General
1.1
The following provisions determine how Vorwerk International & Co.
KmG, Verenastrasse 39, CH- 8832 Wollerau, Switzerland (“
Vorwerk International
”) handles your personal data with regard to our Help Centre Platform (“Help Centre”) and what data is processed in case you have any specific requests concerning one of Vorwerk products or services.
1.2
Vorwerk International is the provider of the Help Centre and thus is the data controller with regards to data collected through the Platform as described in section 2 below.
Vorwerk International is also responsible for the customer care of the Cookidoo® web platform (“Cookidoo”) and Official Thermomix® Cookidoo® App” and Kobold Robot App (collectively “App”).
1.3
Notwithstanding sec. 1.2, the sale of Vorwerk products (e.g. Kobold, Thermomix or Temial) and the customer care usually applies to other Vorwerk Group companies. The respective competence usually refers to either the customer´s place of residence or the place of retail purchase. An overview of the competent Local Vorwerk Entities and their sovereign privacy policies can be found
here
.
1.4
For the avoidance of doubt, the Vorwerk Group Companies do not act as joint controllers, unless explicitly stated otherwise. Unless explicitly described differently in the following, each transfer of data between the Vorwerk Group Companies is a transfer from controller to controller and not a processing of one Vorwerk Group Company on behalf of the other one.
2
Processing of personal Data on our Platform
Detailed information about the handling of your data is provided in the following of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments, please contact the data protection officer via the contact information provided in section
8
below.
2.1
Use of the Help Center Platform
When the Platform is accessed, for technical reasons, the following data will automatically be transmitted to Vorwerk International:
IP address
Date and time
Quantity of data transmitted
Accessing device and browser
Operating system running on the accessing device
A notification of whether access was successful
The foregoing data will be processed to technically enable you to use the Platform. Additionally, the data may be evaluated for statistical purposes and to improve the service offered in an anonymous form. Such data is processed on the legal basis of our legitimate interests (Art. 6 (1) f GDPR).
2.2
Filing a customer request
On the Platform, you have an option to use the request form in order to file a specific request to the customer service support. In this case, the following personal data is collected for the purpose of addressing your request and being able to contact you by the competent customer service support team (data marked with* are optional and depend on type of request you are filing:
First Name
Last Name
Postal Code and Place of Residence
Telephone number
E-mail Address
Invoice number/ voucher number*
Order number*
Customer's product name*
The foregoing data will be used only in order to fulfil the specific customer care request and not further processed for any other purposes. The foregoing data is processed on the legal basis of the customer`s consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR).
2.3
Local customer care
If the customer´s request concerns a Vorwerk product or service with another customer care competence within the Vorwerk Group (see sec. 1.2 and 1.3), we will share the data collected through the contact form with the respective Local Vorwerk Entity to meet the customer`s request. In such cases the personal data as mentioned in sec. 2.2 will be forwarded to the competent Local Vorwerk Entity and processed for this purpose.
The foregoing data is processed on the legal basis of the customer`s consent (Art. 6 (1) a GDPR).
3
Recipients of Personal Data
3.1
When providing support to you in addressing your requests, we may share personal data with persons acting on our behalf or otherwise involved in the customer support, including:
Service providers that collect data on our behalf
Other business partners who provide services to us, such as
IT hosting providers
Communication service providers
3.2
The recipients of personal listed above may be located outside of the European Economic Area. Where necessary and unless the country to which data is being transferred has been determined by the European Commission as a country with adequate level of protection, we require such recipients to comply with data protection measures such as standard contractual clauses, the offer of appropriate guarantees according to the guidelines of the European Commission or a E.U.-US or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certification.
4
Your Rights
4.1
Right of Access (Art. 15 GDPR)
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether Vorwerk International processes your personal data and where that is the case, that Vorwerk International provides you with access to, and information on the data stored by Vorwerk International with regard to your person or your pseudonym.
4.2
Right to Rectification (Art. 16 GDPR)
You have a right in respect of the correction of data in case your personal data collected is inaccurate.
4.3
Right to Erasure (Art 17 GDPR)
You have the right to request erasure of personal data without undue delay under certain circumstances. Such circumstances may be e.g. if your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw consent on which our processing is based according to Art. 6 (1) a GDPR and where there is no other legal ground for processing.
4.4
Right to Restriction on Processing (Art. 18 GDPR)
You have the right to obtain a restriction of processing under certain circumstances. Such circumstance may be e.g. when you think that your personal data is not accurate or if we do not need the personal data for the original purpose of the processing but you need us to keep such data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
4.5
Right to Data Portability (Art. 20 GDPR)
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive your personal data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you have the right to transmit that information to another controller without hindrance or ask us to do so.
4.6
Right to Objection to Processing (Art. 21 GDPR)
Where the legal justification for our processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) f GDPR, you have the right to object to such processing on grounds relating to your particular situation. We will abide by your request unless we have compelling legitimate reasons for the processing which override your interests and rights, or if we need to continue to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal claim.
However, we will abide by your request in any case, if the use of your personal data is for marketing purposes.
4.7
Right to Withdraw Consent
Where we process your personal data on the basis of consent you gave us within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) a GDPR, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time. Please note that withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
4.8
How to Exercise Your Data Protection Rights
For questions about the collection, processing or use of your personal data, the disclosure, correction, blocking or deletion of data or objection to a particular processing of data, data portability please contact the data protection officer via the contact information provided below in section
8
.
You have the right to give us instructions on how to handle personal data about you after your death.
4.9
Right to lodge a complaint
4.9.1
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence.
4.9.2
If you are not satisfied with any aspect of data processing of your personal data by Vorwerk International, we would like to understand and discuss it with you and learn how can we improve the situation. Please feel free to contact us through the contact information provided below in section
8
. Nonetheless, you may submit a complaint to the local data protection supervisory authority.
5
Data Security
At Vorwerk International we have implemented appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed.
6
Retention and Deletion of Data by Vorwerk International
6.1
We store your personal data relating to the provision of customer service support as long as necessary to provide the support to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), to resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. As a consequence, we delete personal data as soon as it is no longer necessary for the aforementioned purposes.
6.2
In case the processing is based on consent and you withdraw your consent, we will delete or anonymize your personal data without undue delay after the withdrawal, unless there is a legal basis to retain the data.
6.3
If we store personal data for the only purpose of compliance with laws on document retention, we will store this personal data in archive mode. This means that the access to this personal data is strictly limited to those persons who might need access in order to comply with the aforementioned laws.
6.4
The criteria we use to determine the periods for retaining your personal data include the retention requirements under applicable laws, regulations and our operational requirements, such as account maintenance, enabling customer relationship management and responding to legal claims, complaints and regulatory and law enforcement requests. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal data we process, please contact us through the contact information provided below in section
8
.
7
Status of the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was updated in September 2019. We reserve the right to amend the notice from time to time in case there are any changes to data processing. In case the Privacy Policy has been updated, we will take steps to inform you of the update by appropriate means, such as through a notification shown when logging on to your account or other means in case they are more suitable (e.g. email).
8
Data Protection Officer
You may contact the data protection officer of Vorwerk International at
Vorwerk International & Co. KmG
Verenastrasse 39
CH-8832 Wollerau
Switzerland
dpo@vorwerk.ch
PP_AT.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_CH_DE.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_UK.pdf
100 KB
Download
PP_CH_FR.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_CH_IT.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_CS.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_DE.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_ES.pdf
80 KB
Download
PP_FR.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_IT.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_PL.pdf
200 KB
Download
PP_PT.pdf
100 KB
Download
Article is closed for comments.
feedback
Helpcenter Survey
How do you like the Vorwerk support pages?
Did you find what you searched for on Vorwerk’s support pages?
yes
no, I will continue to search
no, I will contact the support / I have already contacted the support
no, I got lost in structure
no, my search did not return any results
What topic can we adapt/ add to improve the support pages?
Submit
Internet Explorer is not supported on this site. This may lead to inconsistent view. For the best experience we recommend to use Chrome, Firefox or Safari.
Sub-policy 1
https://support.vorwerk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360006724239-What-were-the-major-changes-to-Privacy-Policy:
Vorwerk International Help Center
SERVICE
Data-Protection
Vorwerk International Help Center
September 23, 2020 at 6:14 PM
In the past months, we have been receiving a number of questions on how the Robot connects with the App, what data is being processed and for which purposes. We have realised that we need to make sure that the policy is easier to understand and provides comprehensible information to every user. Therefore we have predominantly worked on:
- the structure of the document
- the extension of the information provided
- the simplification of the language and clarification of points in response to frequently received questions related to data processing
At the same time, we want to assure you that there were no changes to the data processing. We do not collect more data from you apart from what is necessary to establish a profile on the Robot App so you could use the robot. We have not changed the purposes of data processing that fall under two categories: what is necessary to be processed in order to use the app, data used for marketing purposes to inform you about our products/ services.
Article is closed for comments.
Articles in this section
Data Policy for Thermomix® Cooking Center App
Data Protection Policy for Thermomix® Friend App
Privacy Policy for Help Center
Vorwerk Group Entities
Where are the servers located?
What were the major changes to Privacy Policy?
Why do I have to provide my data and what is the purpose of collecting my data when I want to buy a product?
Whom should I contact if I have any questions on data protection?
What data does Vorwerk collect and where does it come from?
Who is the controller responsible for data processing and how do I contact the Data Protection Officer?
See more
feedback
Helpcenter Survey
How do you like the Vorwerk support pages?
Did you find what you searched for on Vorwerk’s support pages?
yes
no, I will continue to search
no, I will contact the support / I have already contacted the support
no, I got lost in structure
no, my search did not return any results
What topic can we adapt/ add to improve the support pages?
Submit