Last Updated:
30 June 2023
This Privacy Policy applies to Cleverside’s games and website available via
https://www.cleverside.com
(together the “Services” or “games”, “websites” for individual categories). This Privacy Policy explains how we, and affiliated companies (collectively, “Cleverside” or “we”, “us”, “our”) collect, use, secure, and/or disclose or otherwise processes your Personal Data when you use our Services.
The data controller is Cleverside Ltd, with a registered address at 228, Makariou Avenue, Block A, office 113A, 3030, Limassol, Cyprus, e-mail:
privacy@cleverside.com
.
1. PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
1.1 While using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal data that can be used to identify you (“Personal Data”). We respect your privacy and aim to limit the Personal Data that we collect from you to the amount which is strictly necessary to fulfil the purposes of processing.
1.2 We described below the ways in which we use your Personal Data, categories of Personal Data we process, the legal bases we rely upon to do so.
How do we handle the Personal Data of game users?
(1)
Purpose of the processing:
to provide you with the game, check and improve the quality of games content, monitor and troubleshoot issues
Type of Personal Data:
Technical data, such as IP address; device name; OS name; device model; time zone of device; language of device; device ID advertiser ID (“Technical data”);
Usage data, such asdate and time you used the Services; features the you have used; interaction with advertisements; game progress, scores, achievements; other data generated when using the Services (“Usage data”)
Legal basis for the processing:
Contract (Terms of Use)
(2)
Purpose of the processing:
to consider and reply to your support requests and other comments and questions that you sent to us via the games
Type of Personal Data:
Name
Email
Technical data
Other data that you provide in your query
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest
your interest is in receiving response to your query;
our interest is in ensuring good customer service, and providing you with the prompt personalized reply to your query
(3)
Purpose of the processing:
to better understand the users of our games and learn about your preferences
Type of Personal Data
:
Technical data;
Usage data;
General location, namely country and state through your IP address (“Location”)
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest:
your interest is to play the games that best suit your interests
our interest is to understand our audience in order to attract and keep users
(4)
Purpose of the processing:
to serve advertisements, including personalized advertisements using third-party advertising networks
Type of Personal Data
:
Technical data
Usage data (for personalized advertisements)
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest
your interest is in playing games fully or partially for free;
our interest is in monetize games while providing them to you fully or partially free
or
Consent – to show personalized advertisements
Please note that we do not process your payment information. Such data is processed by the respective app store from which you downloaded the game.
How do we handle the Personal Data of visitors of the website?
(5)
Purpose of the processing:
to ensure the normal operation of the website, to monitor technical problems in the webwork of the site and fix them
Type of Personal Data:
Technical data;
Usage data
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest:
your interest is in using our website free from any bugs;
our interest is in keep the website up and running
(6)
Purpose of the processing:
to consider and reply to your comments, questions and requests that you sent via the form
Contact us
Type of Personal Data:
Name
Email
Other data that you provide in your query
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest
your interest is in receiving response to your query;
our interest is in ensuring good customer service, and providing you with the prompt personalised reply to your query
(7)
Purpose of the processing:
to better understand the visitors of our website and learn about your preferences
Type of Personal Data:
Technical data;
Usage data;
Location
Legal basis for the processing:
Legitimate interest
your interest is that our website is the best fit for your needs;
our interest is to understand our audience in order to attract new visitors to our site
2. RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA
2.1 We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. In any case, we will retain your Personal Data for a maximum period of 3 years from your last interaction with the relevant Services or as long as it is necessary to respond to the query and 3 years after. At the end of the retention period, we will either anonymize your personal data or securely delete it from our systems, unless further retention is necessary as described below.
2. In certain circumstances, we may be required to retain your Personal Data for a longer duration as mandated by applicable laws or regulatory requirements. This could include, but is not limited to, situations involving legal proceedings, investigations, or government requests. We will only retain your data for as long as necessary to fulfill these legal obligations, and we will take appropriate measures to ensure its security and confidentiality during this period.
3. THIRD PARTIES PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1 We may engage third-party service providers to process your Personal Data for the purposes as described below:
Advertising Networks
: We may partner with advertising networks to display advertisements, including personalized, within our games or on external platforms. These networks may collect certain information about your interactions with our game or other websites and applications to provide targeted advertising based on your interests and preferences. The list of such networks is provided in APPENDIX A below.
Analytics Platforms
: To improve our Services nd enhance the user experience, we may utilize analytics platforms that collect and analyze data on our behalf. These platforms help us gather insights into user behavior, game performance, and demographic information. The data collected is aggregated and anonymized to ensure your privacy is protected. The insights obtained from these analytics platforms assist us in making informed decisions to optimize our game and provide better services. The list of such platforms is provided in APPENDIX B below.
Hosting Providers
: We rely on trusted hosting providers to store and process your personal data securely. These providers ensure the availability and reliability of our game infrastructure, including servers, databases, and storage systems. While hosting providers may have limited access to your personal data, they are contractually bound to handle it in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations. The data center that we use is located in Canada, but despite the fact that this transfer is cross-border Canada is one of the countries that provide an adequate level of data protection.
Development Partners
: We may collaborate with external partners who assist us in various aspects of game development, such as design, programming, testing, and localization. These partners may have access to your personal data only to the extent necessary to perform their respective tasks. We ensure that all our partners adhere to strict confidentiality and data protection standards.
3.2 We take appropriate measures to ensure that any third parties with whom we share your personal data maintain adequate safeguards to protect it from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse. We enter into contractual agreements with these parties to ensure they handle your data in compliance with applicable privacy laws and regulations.
3.3 We may disclose your personal data to third parties if required by law, regulation, or legal process. Additionally, in the event of a merger, acquisition, or other business transaction, your personal data may be transferred to the acquiring entity or other relevant third parties.
3.4 Please note that while we strive to work with reputable third parties, we do not have control over their activities or the information they collect. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third parties to understand how they handle your personal data.
4. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGY
4.1 This section explains the use of cookies and similar technologies on our website. We use Google Analytics as the primary analytics tool to gather information about how visitors interact with our site. Please read this section to understand how these technologies work and how they may affect your privacy.
4.2 Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device when you visit a website. They serve various purposes, such as remembering your preferences, analyzing website traffic, and enabling personalized content.
4.3 We use Google Analytics to collect information about your interactions with our website. Google Analytics utilizes cookies to track and analyze data such as your IP address, browser type, device information, and website pages visited. This information helps us understand user behavior, improve our website, and enhance the user experience.
4.4 When you visit our website for the first time, we request your consent to use cookies. You have the option to manage your cookie preferences through your browser settings or by using the cookie banner provided on our website. Please note that disabling certain types of cookies may impact the functionality and performance of our website.
4.5 We may allow certain third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics, to place cookies on your device. These cookies are used solely for the purpose of collecting analytics data and are subject to the respective third party’s privacy policies. We do not have control over the information collected by these cookies or how it is used by third parties.
4.6 The information collected through cookies and similar technologies is used for statistical analysis, improving our website’s performance, and understanding user preferences. It is anonymized and aggregated to ensure your privacy is protected. We do not use this information to personally identify individuals unless required by law or for fraud prevention purposes.
4.7 If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on. This add-on prevents your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics for all websites you visit. You can find more information about opting out of Google Analytics at
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
.
4.8 In addition to cookies, we may also use other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or pixel tags, to collect information about your interactions with our website. These technologies help us analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements, and gather demographic information.
5.
OPT-OUT OF TARGETED ADVERTISING
5.1 We value your privacy and strive to provide you with transparent information about our data collection and usage practices. This clause outlines your rights and options regarding targeted advertising while using the Services.
5.2 Our Services may display advertisements tailored to your interests based on the data we collect about you and your device. This data includes the one described above in section 1 above. Targeted advertising allows us to deliver more relevant and personalized content to enhance your user experience.
5.3 You can opt-out of targeted advertising by adjusting your mobile app settings. Follow the steps below to modify your advertising preferences:
Open the mobile app on your device.
Navigate to the “Settings” or “Preferences” section.
Look for an option related to “Privacy” or “Advertising.”
Within the Privacy or Advertising settings, locate the “Targeted Advertising” or “Personalized Ads” option.
Toggle the switch or checkbox to disable targeted advertising.
Save or apply the changes
5.4 Please note that the specific steps may vary depending on your mobile device’s operating system and the version of our Services. If you encounter any difficulties or need further assistance, please contact us using the details provided above, however, we may redirect you to make the request through the in-app support feature or we may request additional information in order to accommodate your request. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by us as early as possible and always within one month.
5.5 Remember, opting out of targeted advertising does not eliminate all advertisements from the Services. It only reduces the level of personalization based on your interests.
6. AGE LIMITS
6.1 We recognize the importance of providing additional privacy protections for users who are minors. Our Services are designed for a general audience and are intended for individuals aged 16 years and older. Therefore, children under the age of 16 should refrain from downloading or using our Services. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you believe that we may have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, or if you have any other relevant concerns, please contact us at the provided address, and we will take appropriate measures to promptly delete such personal data from our records.
7. YOUR RIGHTS AND OPTIONS
7.1 You have the following rights regarding your Personal Data:
Right of Access
: You have the right to access a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you, along with any supplementary information.
Right to Rectification
: You have the right to request the correction of incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data.
Right to Erasure
: You can request the deletion or removal of your Personal Data in certain circumstances.
Right to Restrict Processing
: You can request the restriction of processing your Personal Data under specific conditions, such as when its accuracy is contested, when the processing is unlawful, when we no longer need the data, or when you have objected to the processing.
Right to Data Portability
: This right applies to information processed based on your consent or a contract. You have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format, and, if technically feasible, transmit it to another data controller.
Right to Object
: If we rely on legitimate interests for processing your Personal Data, you have the right to object to such processing based on your specific situation. We will cease processing your Personal Data unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds or for legal claims.
Right to Withdraw Consent
: If you provided explicit consent for the processing of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. If we have no other legal basis for processing your Personal Data, we will cease processing it upon receiving your withdrawal request.
Right to Lodge a Complaint
: If you believe that our processing of your Personal Data violates applicable legislation, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
7.2 Please note that these rights are subject to certain limitations and exceptions as provided by law. To exercise any of these rights or for further inquiries, please contact us using the provided contact information.
8. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
8.1 This section applies to California residents and provides information about their rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA):
Right to Know
: California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them, the categories of sources from which the information was collected, the purposes for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information.
Right to Delete
: California residents have the right to request the deletion of their personal information that we have collected, subject to certain exceptions as permitted by law.
Right to Opt-Out
: California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. However, please, note, that we do not sell personal information to third parties.
8.2 We will not discriminate against California residents for exercising their rights under the CCPA. This means that we will not deny services, charge different prices, or provide a different level or quality of services based on their exercise of CCPA rights, unless permitted by applicable laws.
8.3 California residents may designate an authorized agent to make requests on their behalf. The authorized agent must provide written authorization, and we may require the California resident to verify their identity directly with us.
8.4 To exercise any of the rights described above, California residents may contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. We will respond to verifiable requests received from California residents as required by law.
8.5 We may request additional information to verify the identity of the individual making the request. This may include requesting information to match against information we have previously collected.
9. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
9.1 Our Privacy Policy may include links to websites operated by third parties that are not under our control. If you click on a link to a third-party website, you will be redirected to that website. We recommend reviewing the privacy terms of each website you visit. We have no control over and do not assume any responsibility for the content, privacy terms, or practices of third-party websites or services.
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
10.1 We may periodically update this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the updated Privacy Policy will be subject to the new Privacy Policy. If we make any major changes to our Privacy Policy and will need your explicit consent for further processing of your personal data, we will request your consent or your renewed consent (in case it was obtained previously).
APPENDIX A – Advertising networks and their partners
AdColony
AdColony is an advertising service provided by AdColony Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
Amazon Developer
Amazon Developer is an advertising service provided by Amazon, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
You can manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Amazon directly from your Amazon account here:
https://www.amazon.com/adprefs
AppLovin and their partners
AppLovin is an advertising service provided by AppLovin Corporation (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising service provided by Meta Platforms Inc. (USA) that may collect or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services and targeted ads. Facebook does not require opt-in or opt-out signals from users in our Services, relevant signals are collected directly from the user upon creating an account in such service, except for users who are based in California and exercise their right to opt-out.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
You can manage your personalized ad preferences in relation to Facebook directly from your Facebook account.
Fyber
Fyber is an advertising service provided by Fyber Group. (Israel)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/
Google AdMob and their partners
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc. (USA)
For more information on how AdMob uses the collected information, please visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For more information on AdMob Partners, please visit:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/9012903
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Google AdSense and Ad Manager
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt-out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
HyprMX
HyprMX is an advertising service provided by HyprMX Mobile LLC (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.hyprmx/pp
Note: It is used only for users in the USA
InMobi
InMobi is an advertising service provided by InMobi PTE Ltd (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
Opt-out:
https://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
IronSource
IronSource is an advertising service provided by IronSource, Inc. (USA) and does not require opt-in or opt-out signals from users in our Services, since they provide only non-personalized ads in our Services.
Privacy Policy:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
Maio
Maio is an advertising service provided by i-mobile Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Privacy Policy:
https://adpf-info.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy_en/
MoPub and their partners
MoPub is provided by MoPub, Inc. (USA)
For more information on what information MoPub collects and how it’s used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
For more information on MoPub Partners, please visit:
https://www.mopub.com/legal/partners/
You can opt-out from MoPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
https://www.mopub.com/optout/
MyTarget
MyTarget is an advertising service provided by My.Com B.V (Netherlands)
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.my.com/us/games/privacy/
Nend
Nend is an advertising service provided by F@N Communications, Inc. (Japan)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.fancs.com/en/privacy
Ogury
Ogury is an advertising service provided by Ogury Ltd (UK)
Privacy Policy:
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/
Pangle
Pangle is an advertising service provided by Bytedance Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy
Smaato and their vendors
Smaato is an advertising service provided by Smaato, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
For more information on the Smaato Vendors, please visit:
https://www.smaato.com/partner-list/
Snapchat
Snapchat is an advertising service provided by Snap Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is an advertising service provided by Unity Ads Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle, Inc. (USA)
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
https://vungle.com/privacy/
Yandex
Yandex is an advertising service provided by Yandex LLC (Russia)
Privacy Policy:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/
Note: It is used only for users in Russia
Liftoff
Liftoff is an advertising service provided by Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://liftoff.io/ru/privacy-policy/
Digital Turbine Exchange
Digital Turbine Exchange is an advertising service provided by Digital Turbine, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/
Bidmachine
Bidmachineis is an advertising service provided by BidMachine, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/
LoopMe and partners
LoopMe is an advertising service provided by LoopMe Limited (England)
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.loopme.com/privacy-center#contract-hyartvn1o
Mintegral
Mintegral is an advertising service provided by Mobvista (Guangzhou) Technology Company Limited (China)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy
MobileFuse
MobileFuse is an advertising service provided by MobileFuse LLC (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy
Moloco
Moloco is an advertising service provided by Moloco Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy
Verve Group – PubNative
Verve Group – PubNative is an advertising service provided by Verve Group Europe GmbH. (Germany)
Privacy Policy:
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
Yahoo Inc
Yahoo Inc is an advertising service provided by Yahoo Inc (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html
Acuity Ads
Acuity Ads is an advertising service provided by AcuityAds Inc. (USA)
You can opt-out from Acuity Ads service by following the instructions on Acuity Ads Opt-out page:
https://privacy.acuityads.com/opt-out-success.html
Privacy Policy:
https://illumin.com/legal/corporate/?_ga=2.114167111.1560586829.1686312759-2137079201.1686312759
Ad Generation
Ad Generation is an advertising service provided by Supership Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Privacy Policy:
https://supership.jp/privacy/
Start.IO
Start.IO is an advertising service provided by Start.io Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
Beachfront
Beachfront is an advertising service provided by Beachfront Media, LLC (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.beachfront.com/privacy-policy
Sharethrough
Sharethrough is an advertising service provided by Sharethrough, Inc. (USA)
You can opt-out from Sharethrough service by following the instructions on Sharethrough Opt-out page:
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/
Privacy Policy:
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/
VRTCAL
VRTCAL is an advertising service provided by VRTCAL Markets, Inc. (USA)
You can opt-out from VRTCAL service by following the instructions on VRTCAL Opt-out page:
https://www.vrtcal.com/opt-out/
Privacy Policy:
https://vrtcal.com/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf
TripleLift
TripleLift is an advertising service provided by Triple Lift, Inc. (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
APPENDIX B – Analytics and other service providers
Appsflyer
Appsflyer is analytics service provided by Appsflyer LLC (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/
Facebook Ads conversion
Facebook Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Meta Platforms Inc. (USA) that connects data from the Facebook advertising network with actions performed on the Services.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Facebook Event Manager
Facebook Analytics is an analytics tool provided by Meta Platforms Inc. (USA) that may collect or receive information from our apps and other apps and use that information to provide measurement services.
Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. (USA)
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy Policy:
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Google Cloud
Google Cloud is cloud computing services provided by Google LLC (USA)
Privacy Policy:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Yandex App Metrica
Yandex Appmetrica is an analytics service provided by Yandex LLC. (RU)
Policy Policy:
https://yandex.com/legal/confidential/index.html
Linode
Linode is cloud computing services provided by Linode LLC (USA)
Policy Policy:
https://www.linode.com/legal-privacy/
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 1
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Sub-policy 2
https://www.applovin.com/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 3
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/:
Privacy Center home
Search
Privacy topics
More privacy resources
Privacy Policy
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
What information do we collect?
How do we use your information?
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
How do we share information with third parties?
How do the Meta Companies work together?
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
How long do we keep your information?
How do we transfer information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
How will you know the Policy has changed?
How to contact Meta with questions
Legal basis information
Other policies and articles
Settings
Privacy Policy
How we use info for AI at Meta
Based on feedback from regulators, we’re still delaying our plans to use your information from Meta Products to develop and improve
AI at Meta
. We’ll let you know before we start using this information for this purpose, and how you can exercise your right to object.
Other updates
We're updating our Privacy Policy. The updates go into effect on April 7, 2025.
Read the new policy.
What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover?
Effective November 14, 2024
|
View printable version
|
See previous versions
Highlights
We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use
Meta Products
in the way that’s right for you.
In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of this Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you.
It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can
update these settings
to shape your experience.
Read the full Policy below.
What Products does this Policy cover?
Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy
What information do we collect?
Highlights
The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our
Products
. For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you
even if you don't have an account
.
Here's the information we collect:
Your activity and information you provide
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
Information from partners, vendors and other third parties
What if you don’t let us collect certain information?
Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected.
Learn more
What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals?
In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals.
Take control
Manage the information we collect about you
Privacy Center
How do we use your information?
Highlights
We use
information we collect
to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products), along with the other purposes we explain in detail below.
For some of these purposes, we use information
across our Products
from the accounts you choose to add to your Accounts Center, and
across your devices
. The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use
manual review
to access and review your information.
To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section.
Here are the ways we use your information:
To provide, personalize and improve our Products
We use information we have to provide and improve our
Products
. This includes personalizing features, content and
recommendations
, such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
, Stories and ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products). We use
information with special protections
you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads.
Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products:
How we show ads (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
How we use information to improve our Products
How we use location-related information
To promote safety, security and integrity
We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products.
Learn more
To provide measurement, analytics and business services
Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses or share content. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.
Learn more
To communicate with you
We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile.
Learn more
To research and innovate for social good
We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research.
Learn more
How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners?
Highlights
On Meta Products
Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our
Products
:
People and accounts you share and communicate with
Content others share or reshare about you
Public content
With integrated partners
You can choose to connect with
integrated partners
who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity.
These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information:
When you use an integrated partner’s product or service
When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service
How integrated partners handle your information
Take control
Learn more about audiences
Privacy Center
Manage apps and websites
How do we share information with third parties?
Highlights
We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require
partners
and other
third parties
to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide.
Here’s more detail about who we share information with:
Partners
Advertisers and Audience Network publishers (if we show you ads on Meta Products)
Partners who use our analytics services
Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms
Integrated partners
Vendors
Measurement vendors
Marketing vendors
Service providers
Service providers
Third parties
External researchers
AI integrations
Other third parties
We also share information with other
third parties
in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm.
Read the Policy
.
And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows.
How do the Meta Companies work together?
Highlights
We are part of the
Meta Companies
that provide Meta Company Products.
Meta Company Products
include all the
Meta Products
covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp and more.
We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies.
Learn more
about how we transfer information to other countries.
We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a
service provider
for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms.
Why we share across the Meta Companies
Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies:
To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable laws
To provide optional features and integrations
To understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products
See some examples
of why we share.
More resources
Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies
Facebook Help Center
What is our legal basis for processing your information, and what are your rights?
Highlights
Under applicable data protection law, companies must have a legal basis to process personal data. When we talk about "processing personal data," we mean the ways we collect, use and share your information, as we described in the other sections of this Policy above.
What is our legal basis?
You have the following rights under GDPR and other relevant data protection laws:
Access and correct information
Withdraw consent
Port your information
Download your information
Erase information
Object
Make a complaint
How long do we keep your information?
Highlights
We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide:
If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account.
Learn more
.
The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages.
Learn more
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
See some examples
.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products
In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time.
Read our Policy
about when we may preserve your information.
How do we transfer information?
Highlights
Why is information transferred to other countries?
Where is information transferred?
How do we safeguard your information?
How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm?
Highlights
We access, preserve, use and share your information:
In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from
third parties
such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
Learn more
about when we respond to legal requests.
In accordance with applicable law
To promote the safety, security and integrity of
Meta Products
, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
.
We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time.
Learn more
.
How will you know the Policy has changed?
We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products.
How to contact Meta with questions
You can learn more about how privacy works on
Facebook
and on
Instagram
, and in the
Facebook Help Center
. If you have questions about this Policy, or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below.
The data controller responsible for your information is Meta Platforms Ireland Limited, which you can
contact online
, or by mail at:
Meta Platforms Ireland Limited
ATTN: Privacy Operations
Merrion Road
Dublin 4
D04 X2K5, Ireland
Contact the Data Protection Officer
for Meta Platforms Ireland Limited.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with Meta Platforms Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local supervisory authority.
Legal basis information
Consent
We process information as described below when you have given us your consent to do so, which we may ask through in-product experiences, to enable particular features, or to enable device-based settings. The categories of information we use and why and how they are processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Processing information with special protections that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalise and improve our Products and to undertake analytics.  We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual, processing for these purposes.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent
Personalizing ads on the Meta Products:
If we show you ads on Meta Products, including Meta Audience Network, depending on your
settings
, we will use your information across the account(s) in your Accounts Centre to show you ads, including using cookies, to personalize your ads and measure how those ads perform.
If we show you ads on Meta Products, our ads system automatically processes information that we've collected and stored associated with you. In accordance with your Ad settings, our ads system uses this information to understand your interests and your preferences and personalize your ads across the Meta Products.
Learn more
about your Ad settings.
Our ads system prioritizes what ad to show you based on what audience advertisers want to reach. Then we match the ad to people who might be interested.
Learn more
about how our ads system works.
Learn more
about how we choose the ads that you see.
You can change your choice at any time in your “Ad Preferences”.
Your activity and information that you provide
:
Content that you create, such as posts, comments or audio
Content that you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content, including ads, that you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features that you use and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions that you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you're doing on your device, such as whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'
Device signals
Information that you've shared through your device settings (e.g. GPS location)
Information about the network that you connect your device to
Location-related  information
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Using information from partners, vendors and other third parties to tailor the ads you see: If we show you ads on Meta Products, with your consent we’ll use information that partners, vendors and other third parties provide us about activity off the Meta Products and that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on the Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services. We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products, see the
Cookies Policy
for more information.
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request when you use some of our Products. For example, when you direct us we share your email address or other information that you might choose to share with an advertiser so that they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product. The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like your contact, profile or other information, like posts or comments
Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting.
App, browser and device information
:
Information from device settings
Verifying your identity or account, or helping to protect against suspicious activity including impersonation and identity misuse, using face analysis which may include facial recognition technology if you select it.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Your account information, profile photo, or
your photo or video selfie, if you choose to provide it
When we process information that you provide to us based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You also have the right to port that information you provide to us based on your consent. To exercise your rights, visit your device-based settings, and visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings and our Help Centers.
Performance of a contract
For all people who have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract (for example, by being the age of majority or above in their country of residence), we process information as necessary to conclude and perform our contracts with you (the
Meta Terms
and
Instagram Terms
, the
Supplemental Meta Platforms Technologies Terms of Service
, the
Supplemental Portal Terms of Service
, the
Meta AI Terms of Service
and the
Supplemental Meta View Terms of Service
, together, the “terms"). The purposes for which we process information for our contracts, the categories of information we use and how information is processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Personalising the Meta Products (other than ads): Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
Facebook Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories); and
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features,
Undertake analytics, and
Facilitate your purchases and payments on Meta Pay or other Meta checkout experiences.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts, identity and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the
Oversight Board
,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your e-mail address to respond when you contact us.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Transferring, storing or processing your information globally. We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners, third parties and service providers. Because Meta is global, with users, partners and employees around the world, transfers are necessary to:
Operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; and
So we can fix, analyze and improve our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
We'll use the information we have to provide these services; if you choose not to provide certain information (other than limited account information which is necessary to create a
Facebook account
or an
Instagram account
), your experience using the Meta Products may be affected. For example, you may see less relevant recommendations on the Products, or your use of the Products may be restricted.
When we process information that you provide to us as necessary for concluding or performing our contracts with you, you have the right to port it under the GDPR. To exercise your rights, visit the Facebook settings and Instagram settings, or learn more in our Help Centers.
Compliance with a legal obligation
The categories of information we use, why we process your information based on compliance with a legal obligation and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information (such as an Irish search warrant), we will access, preserve and / or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others.
The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances, see
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?
for more.
Information for Law Enforcement Authorities
provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow.
Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process the information we hold about you are:
Civil and commercial matters: where we are in receipt of a court order or otherwise required to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006, or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required.
Consumer matters: to comply with our obligations under consumer law such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014.
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations such as the Companies Act 2014.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018.
Financial matters: to comply with our obligations under applicable financial services law such as the European Union (Payment Services) Regulations 2018
View the
current list of laws
which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Meta which results in the processing of information. New laws may be enacted or other obligations may become binding on our processing of your information which may require us to process your information and we will update this list from time to time.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following:
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"). The categories of information we use, the legitimate interests relied on and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Legitimate interests relied on
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
If you are a registered user of the Meta Products
For people under the age of majority (under 18, in most applicable countries) who have a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity.
Personalising the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process information we have collected and stored associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalised experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we:
Personalise features and content (such as your
News Feed
,
Instagram Feed
and Stories),
Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our Products.
Learn more
about how we use information about you to personalise your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location)
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to
Reports about our Products’ performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
(other than using partner data to tailor ads to you)
Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, automated processing, and in some instances manual (human) reviewing, to:
Create and maintain your account and profile,
Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,
Facilitate the sharing of content and status,
Provide and curate features,
Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,
Provide advertising products,
Provide and curate
artificial intelligence technology
in our Products, enabling the creation of content like text, audio, images and videos, including by understanding and recognising your use of content in the features, and
Undertake analytics.
We also use information we have to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we collect to:
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To create, provide, support and maintain innovative products and features that enable people under the age of majority to express themselves, communicate, discover and engage with information and communities relevant to their interests, build community and utilise tools and features that promote their well-being.
To enable people under the age of majority to use and connect to the Meta Products in an easy and intuitive manner.
To provide, personalize and improve the Meta Products in a consistent manner while ensuring additional safeguards for those under their Member State's age of consent.
The legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Meta Products and those Products being personalised to each user.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Your public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.  We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to:
Verify accounts and activity,
Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board,
Investigate suspicious activity,
Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review, and in some cases remove, content reported to us,
Detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences,
Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, and
Maintain the integrity of our Products.
For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on the Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips.
To secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, and to protect the safety of people under the age of majority, including to prevent exploitation or other harms to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable.
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to
applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating with you:
We use information you have given us (like contact information you’ve entered on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example:
we’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies.
We also use contact information like your email address to respond to you when you contact us.
To share meaningful updates with our users under the age of majority about our Products and promoting our Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Contact information on your profile and your communications with us
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
For all people, including those under the age of majority
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and how their content is performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help users, businesses, and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their content, websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realise using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our other partners; and
In the interests of developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
If we show you ads on Meta Products:
Providing measurement, analytics and other business services to businesses, advertisers and other partners:
Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to:
Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their, or their client's ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off the Meta Products, and
Provide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand things like the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their products and services and how people interact with their websites, apps, products and services, including to connect to Meta Products, and the performance of their connection and networks and users’ experience with them.
In our interest to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our businesses, advertisers, and other partners, to ensure accurate pricing and statistics on performance and to demonstrate the value that our partners realize using Meta Company Products, and to provide suitable payment and billing options to our advertisers and other partners; and
In the interests of advertisers, developers and other partners to help them understand their customers and improve their businesses, validate our pricing models and evaluate the effectiveness of their products, services, online content and advertising on and off the Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Communicating, engaging and sharing across the Meta Company Products:
To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative, experience across the Meta Company Products and to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.
In our interest to provide seamless, consistent and richer, innovative communication, engagement and sharing experiences across Meta Company Products.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Business intelligence and analytics:
To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; and
Validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.
In our interest to measure the use of our Products and count the people who interact with our Products in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to enable provision of accurate and reliable reporting.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Location-related information
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you:
Depending on your settings, we’ll share marketing communications with you.
We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide, including your contact information like e-mail address
App, browser and device information
:
Device identifiers
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
For example, we analyse information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programmes.
In our interest and those of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Anonymising your information
In some cases, we anonymise information we have about you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.
In our interest to fund our provision of the Meta Products, provide relevant advertising to users, and improve ads delivery and Meta Products;
In the interests of advertisers to help them to reach relevant audiences who may be interested in their information, products or services;
In the interests of users that Meta practice data minimisation and privacy by design in respect of their information
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to and your connection, including your IP address
Reports about our Products' performance on your device
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests.
See
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Location-related information
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Promote safety, integrity and security in limited circumstances outside of the performance of our contracts with you:
Our Meta Products are delivered to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We apply automated processing, as well as manual (human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request:
You may choose to share your contact information, profile information and other data with our partners: The types of partners with whom information is shared depends on the features of our service that you use and the manner in which you choose to use them. For example, you may choose to share your email address, birthday, friends list, hometown or other information with a partner if you choose to connect your Facebook account to their app.
To deliver  quality experiences to users who use our partners’ apps, in our best interest and in the interest of our users.
To facilitate and improve users' experiences in their apps, in the interests of our partners who want to facilitate and improve consumers' experiences in their apps.
Information you provide (for example, your email address, birthday, friends’ list and hometown).
If you are using a device we cannot associate with a registered user of the Meta Products
Promote safety, integrity and security:
Our Meta Products are delivered in a manner to ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them.
We collect and store information we have for this purpose and apply automated processing and manual (i.e. human) review to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful conduct, detect and prevent spam and other security matters as well as bad experiences of other types, maintain the integrity of our Products, and research and promote safety, integrity and security on and off Meta Products.
For example, we use information that we have to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies, or to detect when someone needs help.
To learn more, visit the
Facebook Security Help Centre
and
Instagram Security Tips
.
In our interest to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent, and address spam and other bad experiences, to keep the Meta Company Products free of harmful or inappropriate content, and to investigate and take action in respect of suspicious activity or breaches of our terms or policies; and
In the interests of our users generally and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Providing marketing communications to you: We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an e-mail address.
In our interest to promote Meta Company Products and send our direct marketing.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Information and content you provide including your contact information like your e-mail address
Research and innovate for social good:
We carry out surveys and use information (including from research partners we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.
We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way.
We support research in areas like artificial intelligence and machine learning.
Learn more
about our research programs.
In our interest and in the interest of the general public to further the state-of-the-art or academic understanding on important social issues that affect our society and world in a positive way.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Share information with others including law enforcement and to respond to
legal requests
.
See '
How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and security?
' for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others.
The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law, will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).
However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following:
In response to
legal requests
from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities.
To comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposes.
To promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta, Meta Products, Products, users, employees, property and the public.
Learn more
about how we promote safety, security and integrity.
In our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorised use of the Meta Company Products, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Meta personnel and property or Meta Products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory enquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Provide and improve our Products:
We use information we collect to:
Provide products and curate features
See if a product is working correctly
Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not
Test out new products and features to see if they work
Get feedback on our ideas for products or features
Conduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better
To improve the Meta Company Products in a consistent manner, to correct technical glitches, and to optimise functionality.
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests or those of a third party, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, such processing; to exercise your right, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings.
We will consider several factors when assessing an objection, including: our users' reasonable expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort. Unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons, your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
If you are under the age of majority in your country and there is no enforceable contract in place, we will take particular account of the fact that you are below the age of majority when conducting our assessment of our legitimate interests and the balancing  of your interests and rights. We provide specific protections for people below the age of majority to ensure that they are aware of the risks, consequences, safeguards and rights associated with the processing of their information.
Tasks carried out in the public interest
The purposes for which we anticipate processing your information as a task in the public interest, the processing we undertake, and the information we use is set out below:
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)

        The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Undertaking research for social good:  We collect, store, combine, analyse and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation to information as well as manual (human) review as necessary to undertake research and other tasks in the public interest, such as sharing relevant research data with third parties like international organisations and academics both in and outside the EEA. The public interest is required to be laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Articles 168 and 179 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
To promote safety, integrity and security: In limited fact specific circumstances, we will access, preserve and share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others where necessary to perform a task in the public interest. For example, we might share information with others for the purposes of combatting unlawful or harmful behaviour where it is in the public interest to do so and where the public interest is laid down in Union law or Member State law or other applicable law to which we are subject. In this case, we rely on Section 53 of the Data Protection Act 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2021/1232.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Metadata about content
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from Partners, vendors and third parties
When we process your information as necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our processing. To exercise your rights, visit the
Facebook settings
and the
Help Center
and Instagram settings. In assessing an objection, we will consider several factors, including: our users' reasonable user expectations; the benefits and risks to you, us, other users or third parties; and other available means to achieve the same purpose that may be less invasive and do not require disproportionate effort.
Your objection will be upheld, and we will cease processing your information, unless we find that we have compelling legitimate grounds for this processing which are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms or the processing is needed for legal reasons. To learn more about the circumstances in which an objection may be successful, please visit the
Help Center
.
Protection of your vital interests or that of another person
The categories of information we use, why we process your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person and how it’s processed are set out below
Why and how we process your information
Information categories we use (see '
What Information do we collect?
' for more detail on each information category)
        
The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following:
Protecting the vital interests of you and/or those of another person: We apply automated processing techniques, conduct manual (human) review and share information, including with law enforcement and others, in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. These vital interests include protection of your life, physical or mental health, wellbeing or integrity or that of others, and detecting, removing, and reporting illegal content. In protecting such vital interests we aim to combat harmful conduct and promote safety, integrity and security, including, for example, when we are investigating reports of harmful conduct or taking appropriate action, such as sharing information with relevant authorities, when someone needs help.
Your activity and information you provide
:
Content you create, like posts, comments or audio
Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features
Messages you send and receive, including their content,
subject to applicable law
Metadata about content and messages
Types of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it
Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in them
Purchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information
Hashtags you use
The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products
Your photo or video selfie if you provide it when you contact us for account support
Friends, followers and other connections
App, browser and device information
:
Device characteristics and device software
What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)
Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’
Device signals
Information you’ve shared through your device settings
Location-related information
Information about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address
Information from cookies and similar technologies
Information from partners, vendors and third parties
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Facebook Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Facebook Products for people who have an account.
Learn more about essential and optional cookies
.
You can learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choice at any time in our
Cookie Policy
.
Allow all cookies
Only allow essential cookies
Sub-policy 4
https://www.fyber.com/services-privacy-statement/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 5
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 6
https://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 7
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 8
https://adpf-info.i-mobile.co.jp/privacy_en/:
i-mobile Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the “Company”) recognizes the importance of personal information
      and appropriately handles it in accordance with the following privacy policy, in operating various services
      provided by the Company.
Definition of personal information
In this Privacy Policy, personal information means information relating to a living individual that falls
          under any of the following:
Information which can identify the specific individual by name, date of birth, or other description
              contained in such information (meaning any and all matters, excluding an individual identification code,
              that (i) are stated in, or recorded on, a document, drawing, or electromagnetic record (meaning a record
              kept in an electromagnetic form (an electronic form, magnetic form, or any other form that cannot be
              recognized by human perception)), or (ii) are expressed using voice, movement, or any other method,
              hereinafter the same shall apply), including such information as will allow easy reference to other
              information and will thereby enable the identification of the specific individual
Information containing an individual identification code (as defined in Article 2, paragraph 2 of the
              Act on the Protection of Personal Information)
Proper acquisition of personal information
The Company does not acquire personal information by deception or other improper means.  In addition, the Company does not, without obtaining consent from you in advance, acquire personal information containing his/her race, creed, social status, medical history, criminal record, the fact that he/she was a victim of a crime, or any other statements provided for in the relevant cabinet order as those the handling of which requires special care so that unfair discrimination, prejudice, or other disadvantages will not occur to you (hereinafter referred to as “Personal Information Requiring Special Care”), except where:
the Company acquires Personal Information Requiring Special Care pursuant to laws and regulations;
it is necessary for the Company to acquire Personal Information Requiring Special Care for the protection of human life, body, or property, and it is difficult for the Company to obtain consent from you;
it is particularly necessary for the Company to acquire Personal Information Requiring Special Care in order to enhance public health or to promote sound growth of children, and it is difficult for the Company to obtain consent from you;
the Company is required to cooperate with the performance of duties provided for in laws and regulations by a national authority, local government, or person to whom such government entrusts the performance of its duties, and obtaining consent from you may hinder the performance of such duties;
the relevant Personal Information Requiring Special Care is disclosed by you, national authority, local government, a person listed in each item of Article 76, paragraph 1 of the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, or any other person specified in the rules of the Personal Information Protection Commission; or
as otherwise specified by the relevant cabinet order as being equivalent to the cases specified in items (1) through (5) above.
Making the purpose of use of personal information available
The Company acquires personal information to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose(s) of use of such personal information, after notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, such purpose(s), either in writing or via an alternative means.  However, this does not apply if:
notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of the personal information may harm the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of you or a third party;
notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of personal information may harm the rights or legitimate interests of the Company;
the Company is required to cooperate with the performance of duties provided for in laws and regulations by a national authority or local government, and notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of the personal information may hinder the performance of such duties; or
the purpose(s) of use of the personal information is clear, taking into consideration the situation of the acquisition of such personal information.
Specifying the purpose of use of personal information
The Company uses personal information within the scope of the following purposes of use:
Providing and managing various services operated by the Company, charging for the use of such services, and paying fees for the use of such services
Developing, improving, surveying, and enhancing the security of various services operated by the Company
Introducing and proposing various services operated by the Company
Providing a third party with personal information contained in various services operated by the Company in the course of the provision of such services
Restrictions on use of personal information
The Company does not, without obtaining consent from you, use personal information beyond the purpose(s) of use of such personal information.  Even if the Company acquires personal information through a merger or for other reasons, the Company does not, without obtaining consent from you, use personal information beyond the purpose(s) specified before the succession of such personal information.  However, this does not apply if:
the Company uses personal information pursuant to laws and regulations;
it is necessary for the Company to use personal information for the protection of human life, body, or property, and it is difficult for the Company to obtain consent from you;
it is particularly necessary for the Company to use personal information in order to enhance public health or to promote sound growth of children, and it is difficult for the Company to obtain consent from you; or
the Company is required to cooperate with the performance of duties provided for in laws and regulations by a national authority, local government, or person to whom such government entrusts the performance of its duties, and obtaining consent from you may hinder the performance of such duties.
Change in purpose of use of personal information
Even if the Company changes the purpose(s) of use of personal information, the Company will make such changes within the scope that the purpose(s) of use after the changes are reasonably determined to be related to those before the changes, and the Company will notify you of, or publicly disclose, the purpose(s) after the changes, in writing or via an alternative means.
Security control measures
The Company profoundly recognizes that there are risks such as unauthorized access or loss, destruction, alteration, and leakage of personal information, and takes reasonable security measures against such risks.
Ensuring accuracy
The Company takes appropriate measures to ensure that personal information is accurate and up-to-date to the extent necessary in accordance with the purpose(s) of use, and if the Company no longer needs to use the personal information, the Company will delete it without delay.
Supervision of subcontractors
If the Company subcontracts all or part of the handling of personal information, the Company will select a subcontractor with an adequate level of personal information protection.  In order to ensure that personal information is protected, the Company will enter into a contract with the subcontractor which specifies the subcontractor’s confidentiality obligations.  In addition, the Company will conduct necessary and appropriate supervision of the subcontractor so that the subcontractor safely manages the personal information.
Joint use of personal information
In order to provide integrated services in Internet advertising and various businesses efficiently, and to reinforce the security of the services, the Company jointly uses personal information with an entity set forth in (2) to the extent necessary to achieve the purposes set forth in (3).  The details of the joint use are set forth as follows:
The Company jointly uses the following type of personal information: (i) information about individuals, such as name, gender, date of birth, address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address, and (ii) information about contracts.
An entity which jointly uses personal information with the Company is Cyber Consultant, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as the "Joint User"), being a subsidiary of the Company.
The Joint User’s purposes of use of personal information are (i) developing, improving, surveying, and enhancing the security of various services operated by the Joint User, (ii) introducing and proposing various services operated by the Joint User, and (iii) providing a third party with personal information contained in various services operated by the Joint User in the course of the provision of such services.
The Company is responsible for the joint use.
Publication of matters related to personal information, etc
The Company will make available the purpose(s) of use of personal information to you.
If the Company is requested by you to notify you of the purpose(s) of use of personal information, the Company will do so without delay.  However, this does not apply if:
the purpose(s) of use of personal information is clear pursuant to paragraph (1);
notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of personal information may harm the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of you or a third party;
notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of personal information may harm the rights or legitimate interests of the Company; or
the Company is required to cooperate with the performance of duties provided for in laws and regulations by a national authority, local government, or person to whom such government entrusts the performance of its duties, and notifying you of, or publicly disclosing, the purpose(s) of use of personal information may hinder the performance of such duties.
If the Company decides not to notify you of the requested purpose(s) of use of personal information pursuant to paragraph (2), the Company shall notify you without delay.
Disclosure of personal information
If the Company is requested by you to disclose his/her personal information, the Company will do so without delay.  However, the Company may keep part or all of the personal information undisclosed, if disclosing the personal information to you:
may harm the life, body, property, or other rights or interests of the you or a third party;
may seriously impede the proper implementation of the business of the Company; or
violates laws and regulations other than the Act on the Protection of Personal Information.
If the Company decides not to disclose the requested personal information to you, the Company shall notify you without delay.
Correction of personal information
If the Company is requested by you to correct, add, or delete his/her personal information because the personal information is inaccurate, the Company will conduct necessary investigation without delay, and based on the result of such investigation, correct, add, or delete the personal information, to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose(s) of use of the personal information, except where the provisions of laws and regulations other than the Act on the Protection of Personal Information provide for special procedures.  In addition, when the Company corrects, adds, or deletes all or part of the personal information, or if the Company decides not to do so, the Company shall notify you (if the Company corrects, adds, or deletes the personal information, including the details thereof) without delay.
Discontinuation of use of personal information
If the Company (i) is requested by you to discontinue to use, or erase, his/her personal information because the personal information is dealt with in violation of Article 2 or Article 5 of this Privacy Policy, and (ii) finds that the request has reasonable grounds, the Company will discontinue to use, or erase, the personal information without delay.  However, this does not apply if a large amount of costs is required for discontinuing use, or erasing, the personal information, or it is otherwise difficult to do so, and if the Company takes alternative measures necessary to protect your rights and interests.
If the Company (i) is requested by you to discontinue to provide his/her personal information to a third party because the personal information is provided to the third party in violation of Article 10 of this Privacy Policy, and (ii) finds that the request has a reasonable grounds, the Company will discontinue to provide the personal information to the third party without delay.  However, this does not apply if a large amount of costs is required for discontinuing to provide the personal information to the third party, or it is otherwise difficult to do so, and if the Company takes alternative measures necessary to protect your rights and interests.
If the Company (i) discontinues to use, or erases, part or all the personal information, or decides not to do so, pursuant to paragraph (1), or (ii) discontinues to provide part or all the personal information to the third party, or decides not to do so, pursuant to paragraph (2), the Company will notify you without delay.
Explanation of reasons
If the Company notifies you that the Company will not take any or all measures requested by you, or that the Company takes different measures from those requested by you, pursuant to Article 11, paragraph (2), Article 12, Article 13, and Article 14, paragraph (3) of this Privacy Policy, the Company will make efforts to explain the reasons therefor to you.
Cookie information
The Company may acquire and exploit cookie information in operating various services provided by the Company.  To disable the Company obtaining cookie information, please opt out through the web page below.
URL:https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/optout.html
i-mobile Co.,Ltd. Corporate Headquarters Management Dept.
TEL: 81-3-5459-5290 /Fax: 81-3-5459-5358
Location : 2nd floor of N.E.S. building north wing, 22-14, Sakuragaoka-cho, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo
150-0031, Japan
If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
URL : https://www.i-mobile.co.jp/inquiry.html
* The Company may change all or part of this Privacy Policy, due to the amendment of laws and regulations or
        changes in social norms.
If there are any important changes, we will let you know on our website.
Sub-policy 9
https://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 10
https://legal.my.com/us/games/privacy/:
We're sorry but vueapp doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
Choose section
Legal documentation
Sub-policy 11
https://www.fancs.com/en/privacy:
HOME
>
Privacy Policy
HOME
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Handling of
Personal Information
Behavioral Targeting
Advertising Policy
FAN Communications, Inc.
President　Koji Ninomiya
The company shall bear in mind that it has a duty to the public to protect all personal information (including but not limited to Individual Number and Specific Personal Information, hereinafter referred to as “personal information, etc.”) in its possession, protect the rights of individuals, and carry out all operations (affiliate services, in-house media services and other businesses operated by the company) in accordance with applicable legislation pertaining to personal information. The company also establishes a privacy management system, in order to put the following policy into practice, and monitors the latest trends in information technology, shifts in public demand, and changes in the business environment at all times. The company hereby pledges to do all these, and to make ongoing improvements on a companywide scale.
As part of its operations (affiliate services, in-house media services and other businesses operated by the company), the company only obtains, uses and provides personal information, etc. insofar as is necessary for the purposes of adequately carrying out its business, hiring employees and implementing personnel management. It not handles personal information, etc. beyond the scope that is necessary to achieve those specified purposes.
The company complies with all legislation, government guidelines and other rules relating to the protection of personal information.
The company implements reasonable security measures and invest management resources, wherever possible depending on the current state of its business, in order to prevent the risk of personal information, etc. being leaked, lost or damaged, and continues to improve its personal information security systems on an ongoing basis. In the event of an emergency, the company takes remedial action as quickly as possible.
The company responds to complaints and advices, regarding the handling of personal information, etc., quickly, honestly and appropriately.
The company reviews its privacy management system as and when necessary, based on changes in the surrounding environment, and continue to make improvements on an ongoing basis.
The company issues a copy of this policy to all employees in order to raise awareness. It also takes steps to ensure that this policy is accessible at all times, by posting it on the company’s website and printing it in pamphlets for instance.
Inquiry Desk
Inquiries regarding the company’s privacy policy should be directed as follows.
Personal Information, etc. Complaints and Advice Desk
FAN Communications, Inc.
Aoyama Diamond Building (2F), 1-1-8 Shibuya, Shibuya-ku,
Tokyo 150-0002
New Graduate Recruitment
Mid-Career / Part-Time Recruitment
Recruitment site is available only in Japanese
Management Vision
Business Model
Presentation Material
CPA Solution Business
FANCOMI
official
X
FANCOMI
official
facebook
FANCOMI
official
blog
Group Companies
Sub-policy 12
https://ogury.com/privacy-policy/:
Menu
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Ogury Website and Customer Privacy and Cookie Notice
Ogury (“
Ogury
, “
we
”, or “
us
”) provides digital advertising and related services to publishers, agencies and brands (together the “
Services
”).
We also operate the websites www.ogury.com and www.ogury.co (the “
Websites
”). This Privacy Notice is intended to inform you about how Ogury collects, uses, shares and stores your personal data when you:
interact or use our Websites, including downloading materials from our resources page or requesting a demo; and
if you use any of our Services.
Specific additional terms for California residents Privacy Notice are listed here.If you are an end-user of an app or website that uses the digital advertising and related services we provide to our corporate customers, please click here.
1. WHAT PERSONAL DATA OGURY COLLECTS ABOUT YOU
1.1. Type of personal data collected
Personal data, means any information we hold which we can link to an identified person or a person that may be able to be identified.
As such, the following personal data may be collected by Ogury:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our Websites and Services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes our preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
1.2. Failure to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, you may not be able to use the Services or complete other have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services).
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
If you fail to provide your personal data from our contact form, we may not be able to reach out and answer to your queries.
1.3. How do we collect personal data?
We collect personal data when you enter it on the Websites through contact forms or when you create an account for the use of the Services.
2. DATA USE
We will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
2.1. Websites
With regard to our Websites
To administer the Websites, for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve our Website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device;
For trend monitoring, marketing and advertising;
For purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your personal data – for example, to fulfill a request for a product demonstration or call back, to provide you with access to one of our webinars or a copy of a whitepaper, or to provide you with information you have requested about our Services; and
As part of our efforts to keep our Website secure.Our use of your personal data for the above is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring the security of the Websites and for our direct marketing purposes, or
your consent (e.g. when you request a demo or consent to the use of non-essential cookies on the Websites).
2.2. Services
We may use the personal data we collect from our customers (employees and contractors) their users in connection with the Services for a range of reasons, including to:
Set up a user account;
Provide, operate and maintain the Services;
Process and complete transactions and send related information, including transaction confirmations and invoices;
Manage our customers’ use of the Services, respond to enquiries and comments and provide customer service and support;
Send customers technical alerts, updates, security notifications and administrative communications;
Investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to the Services and other illegal activities; and
For any other purposes about which we notify customers and users.We use your personal data for the above purposes based on the commercial agreement that we have with you, or our legitimate interests for security purposes (e.g. the prevention and investigation of fraudulent activities). Personal data will be deleted based on the terms of the agreement relating to the provision of the Services.
3. SHARING PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD-PARTIES
We may share your personal data with third parties in the following limited circumstances:
3.1. Vendors
We may share your personal data with third party service providers, consultants and other vendors that we engage to perform tasks as data processors on our behalf. We have contracts in place with them. This means that they can only use your personal data the as instructed by us and they will not share your personal data with any organisation apart from us or that we instruct them to share it with.
3.2. Ogury Group Companies
We may also share your personal data with the Ogury Group from time to time (including companies acquired by Ogury) for purposes consistent with this Privacy Notice.
3.3. Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
4. COOKIES
Our Websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Websites and also allows us to improve them.
The cookies store non-personally identifiable information related to your navigation on our website. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
We use the following cookies:
Essential cookies: These cookies are necessary for our website to function cannot be switched off. They are usually only set in response to activity which we consider a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or completing contact forms.
Preference cookies: These cookies enable Ogury to recognize you when you visit our website and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Marketing cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
Statistics cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’ and expire automatically within 20 minutes. Other cookies are ‘persistent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed and are used by websites to recognize your computer or device at a later time.
We may also place third parties’ cookies when you interact with our website. We use the following third parties’ cookies for the purpose defined below:
–  Analytics: we use Google Analytics to count visits and traffic sources to help us measure the performance of our website. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
–  Marketing : We also have one Marketo cookie (munchkin cookie) to track website visitors and react to their visits with automated marketing campaigns based on their interests. Search Engine: we use Google AdWords to advertise on our products and services on the Google search page results. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to Google specific Privacy Notice and settings for Google ads.
–  Videos: we use Vimeo to illustrate our product and services through videos that are embedded on our website.
–  Social Media: we use LinkedIn to advertise Ogury and our Services. For more information on how to opt-out, please refer to LinkedIn specific Privacy policy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSWe share your personal data within the Ogury Group and with certain third parties noted above. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use service providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
We may rely on other valid legal bases for such transfers such transferring to a country, for example where the European Commission has found that such country provides an adequate level of protection for personal data.
DATA SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition,
we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
7. CHILDREN
The Websites are not intended for use by children and we do not knowingly collect personal data relating to children under the age of 16. If you believe a child under 16 may have provided us with personal data please contact us on
privacy@ogury.co
.
DATA RETENTIONWe will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting, contractual or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTSUnder EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have the right to access, modify or erase your personal data. You can exercise this right by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (‘CCPA’). For more information and to exercise your rights, please see the Section 10 below.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified personal data that does not identify any individual and may also retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce contracts.
9.1. Marketing Communications
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time [by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing
preferences OR by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by contacting us at any time at privacy@ogury.co
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or product/service experience or other transactions.
9.2. Cookies
You can accept or reject cookies for our Websites through via the Edit my privacy settings link at the bottom of every page. You can also do so by adjusting your web browser controls.
9.3. Contact
If you want to exercise your rights relating your personal data we may have collected or have any queries relating the our use of your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at
DPO@ogury.co
.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Notice, please contact us at privacy@ogury.co You can also reach us by mail at the following address:
Ogury Ltd
Attention to DPO
3rd Floor, Classic House, 174-180 Old Street London EC1V 9BP
UK
10. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have certain rights regarding the personal information that businesses hold about them. This includes the rights to request access or deletion to this personal information, as well as the right to direct a business to stop selling your personal information.
• Personal Information we collect
We collect identifiers (such as name, address, email address, phone number and job title), commercial information (such as a record of the Services used or product demonstrations) and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as usage information, IP address, cookie information and customer feedback).
• Why we collect your Personal Information
We use your Personal Information to provide the services requested, such as to fulfil a request
for demos or otherwise provide you with information about our services.
We use identifiers and commercial information for general website administration, which includes record keeping, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing and surveys.
We use identifiers, commercial information and Internet or other electronic network activity for trend monitoring, marketing and advertising, as well as to ensure website security.
• How we Collect your Personal Information
We collect identifiers and commercial information directly from you.
We collect Internet or other electronic network activity from your usage of the Websites and Services.
• Share and Sale of your Personal Information
We share personal information as necessary for certain “business purposes,” as defined by the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.140(d)). This includes sharing identifiers, commercial information and internet or other electronic network activity with providers of customer relationship management, consulting, email, product feedback and helpdesk services.
We do not ‘sell’ your personal information as defined by the CCPA.
• The Right to Opt-out of Sale
As Ogury does not your personal information we do not offer a right to opt-out of such sale.
With respect to cookies and the use of our Websites, you can always customize your settings at any time.
• Right to Know
You have the right to know what categories of personal information Ogury has sold or disclosed for a business purpose about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed. Additionally, you have the right to request disclosure of the personal information Ogury holds about you.
• Right to Request Deletion
You have the right to request that Ogury delete any personal information that it has collected about you. This is subject to exceptions such as when the deletion of the personal information would create problems with the completion of a transaction or compliance with a legal obligation.
• The Right to Non-Discrimination
Ogury will not discriminate against you (e.g., through denying goods or services, or providing
a different level or quality of goods or services) for exercising any of your rights under CCPA. You can exercise any of the above rights by contacting us at
privacy@ogury.co
.
11. UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time.
We are constantly improving our Websites and Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Notice from time to time as a result. We will notify you to material changes by, for example, placing a notice on our Websites and/or by sending you an email (if you have provided us with your e-mail address) when we are required to do so by applicable law.
Please check our website regularly to ensure that you are aware of the latest applicable Privacy Notice.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the date at the bottom of this page.
Cookie Settings
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
98
partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
70 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
89 partners can use this purpose
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
53 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
62 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
42 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
29 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
55 partners can use this feature
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
54 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
55 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
85 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
59 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 13
https://www.pangleglobal.com/privacy:
Home
/
Privacy and Terms
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
Pangle End User Data Privacy Policy
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
パートナーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
エンドユーザーデータプライバシーポリシー
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
Pangle 파트너 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
최종 사용자 개인정보처리방침
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
合作夥伴資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
終端使用者資料隱私權政策
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Parceiro Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidade de Dados do Usuário Final Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Socio Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Política de Privacidad de Datos del Usuario Final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données des partenaires de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Politique de protection des données de l’utilisateur final de Pangle
Pangle Publisher Agreement
Pangle Publisher Agreement
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
EEA/SWISS/UK SPECIFIC DATA TERMS (“DATA TERMS”)
Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy
The Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy applies to personal data that we process through Pangle (as defined below), where you access our site because you are already a partner of ours or are interested in becoming a partner of ours (“Partner”). For this purpose we define you as a “Account Holder”. This privacy policy will also apply if you are a visitor to this site for non-Account-holder purposes and you are not an end-user who interacts with Pangle through our Partners  mobile applications and/or websites that have integrated Pangle s advertising platform (“End User”). For this purpose we define you as a “Site Visitor”.
Last updated: 23 July 2021
I. Who we are and who this applies to
I.1 We are Bytedance Pte. Ltd., a company incorporated in Singapore whose registered office is at 1 Raffles Quay, #26-10 ,Singapore 048583 (" we", "our" or " us"). This Pangle Partner Data Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") explains who we are, how we collect, process, store, use, transfer, share and disclose ("process") personal data about you, and how you can exercise your data privacy rights.
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "Agree" button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to and, where applicable, give consent for us to process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
I.4 If you have any questions or concerns about our processing of your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
II. What is Pangle
II.1 Pangle is a mobile advertising platform, including support systems and services operated by Bytedance ("Pangle"). Pangle enables advertisers to serve advertisements on third party mobile applications and/or websites. We process personal data of Account Holders as described in this Privacy Policy.
III. What personal data we process
III.1 The types of personal data that we process depend on the circumstances of collection and on the nature of the services requested or transaction undertaken for our Partners.
III.2 When you create an Account with Pangle, we process certain information about you. This information may be collected directly from you or your authorised representatives, or when you interact with Pangle (for example, in the course of obtaining services from Pangle).
III.3 To register as an Account Holder, we require certain personal data from you. If you choose not to provide such data, you may not be able to utilize the services provided by us.
III.4 The information that we process about you may include some or all of the following categories:
a. Identity and contact information: We may process identity information that you provide to us when registering for an Account or using our services, such as your name, email address, contact number and address and bank account details. If you are an individual, we may also process your government-issued tax identification number in accordance with applicable laws.
b. Account information: We may process information about you which is associated with your Account, such as your username and password and IP address.
c. Newsletter details: If you sign up to receive our newsletter, we may process certain personal data about you which you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter. This includes your name, email address, company name and job title.
d. Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain information from you when you visit the Pangle website. Such information includes:
i. Identifiers and device information. We automatically log your IP address and collect information regarding the device you are using to visit the Pangle website such as the model of your device, your browser information, system language setting, your screen resolution and operating system.
ii. Usage data. We automatically log your activity on the Pangle website, including the content you view on the Pangle website, how long you spent viewing such content, the URL of the website from which you came to our site, and other details about your use of and actions on the Pangle website.
iii. Location data. We collect information about your location based on your IP address.
e. Cookies: We use strictly necessary Cookies that are required for the operation of the Pangle website. They include, for example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of the Pangle website. We also use analytical/performance Cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the Pangle website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way the Pangle website works, for example, by ensuring that visitors are finding what they are looking for easily.
You may be able to refuse or disable Cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. For example, due to differences in how browsers and mobile apps function, you may need to take different steps to opt out of Cookies used for targeted advertising in a browser and to opt out of targeted advertising for a mobile application, which you may control through your device settings or mobile app permissions. In addition, your opt-out selection is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you opt out, so you may need to opt-out separately for each of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you.
IV. How we use personal data
IV.1 We process personal data of our Account Holders for the following purposes:
a. To manage your Account: To register you or the company you work with as a Partner, to manage your Account (including managing payments) and your relationship with us.
b. To provide you with our services: To perform our obligations in relation to Pangle and the services we provide to the Partner you represent.
c. To send you promotional material: To send you information about our events, announcements, promotions or other marketing campaigns. If required by law this will be subject to your permission.
d. To verify or maintain the quality of Pangle and improve, upgrade or enhance Pangle: For example, (i) for audit, research, and analysis of the information in order to maintain, improve, upgrade or enhance our advertising services, and to ensure that our technologies function properly; and (ii) other internal operations, such as debugging, support, and security.
e. To provide you with our newsletter: If you have signed up to receive our newsletter, we will only use the details you provide to us when signing up for the newsletter for the purposes of providing you with the newsletter.
f. For compliance with legal obligations: To comply with legal obligations that apply to us, for example to respond to law enforcement requests.
g. For any other purpose to which you consent: To use your personal data for any other purpose to which you have provided consent.
h. To contact you: To contact you in relation to any of the above.
i. For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes.
IV.2 In general, we will process personal data only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that are explained to you at the time your personal data is collected. However, we may also use your personal data for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
V. Who we share your personal data with
V.1 We may share your personal data for the purposes described above in this Privacy Policy with the following categories of recipients:
a. Our affiliates: We share personal data with our affiliates to help operate Pangle.
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person with your consent to the disclosure or as otherwise permitted or required under applicable data protection law.
VI. How we keep your personal data secure
VI.1 We use reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect the personal data that we process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal data.
VII. International data transfers
VII.1 Your personal data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located or in which your personal data was collected. However, we will not transfer or permit any of your personal data to be transferred outside of such country unless we have taken measures necessary to ensure the transfer is in compliance with applicable laws, and in any case to a recipient that has comparable privacy protections in place.
VII.2 Specifically, our servers are located in the United States of America and Singapore, and our group companies operate around the world. This means that we may process your personal data in any of these countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
VIII. Data retention
VIII.1 We retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with services so that we can fulfil our contractual obligations and exercise our rights in relation to the information involved. Where we do not need your information in order to provide services to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data or as necessary to comply with the law.
VIII.2 When we have no ongoing legitimate business or legal need to process your personal data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal data has been stored in backup archives or the law requires otherwise), then we will securely store your personal data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
IX. Your data protection rights
IX.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
IX.2 You can request to access, correct or delete your personal data by contacting us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country.
X. Updates to this Privacy Policy
X.1 This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Policy.
X.2 We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, including in response to changing legal, technical or business developments, in accordance with applicable law.
X.3 You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the "last updated" date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, however we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy regularly and your continued use of Pangle will constitute your acceptance to the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy, please do not continue to use Pangle.
XI. How to contact us
XI.1 If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal data, please contact us using the details below.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland: europe_privacy@pangleglobal.com
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in any other part of the world: privacy@pangleglobal.com.
- For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil: americas_privacy@pangleglobal.com
XII. Language
XII.1 This Privacy Policy is made in English and translations into other languages may be provided. In the event of any conflict between the English version and any translations, the English version will prevail to the extent permitted by the prevailing laws.
Jurisdiction-specific terms
For individuals located in Israel:
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section III. What personal data we process:
III.5 You are under no legal obligation to provide us any personal data.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section VII. International Data Transfers:
VII.3 You hereby consent to the transfer of your personal data as set out in this Section VII.
The following paragraph shall be added to the end of section IX. Your data protection rights:
IX.3 You have the right to appeal the refusal of Pangle to comply with your request to exercise your rights in a court of competent jurisdiction.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in Brazil
If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail:
The following paragraph shall replace section IV, g of this Privacy Policy:
g. For any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law: To use your personal data for any other purpose in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section V, b of this Privacy Policy:
b. Any other person: We will only share personal data with any other person in compliance with the applicable data protection law.
The following paragraph shall replace section I, 1.2 and 1.3 of this Privacy Policy:
I.2 For Account Holders: By clicking the "I understand"button during the registration process, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
I.3 For Site Visitors: By accessing and using this site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the site.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights.
We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD:
I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed;
II. access to your data;
III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data;
IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data;
V. portability of personal data to a third party;
VI. object to the processing of personal data;
VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data;
VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable;
IX. withdrawal of your consent.
Verifying your identity: For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data. All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request.
Limitations to your rights: In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request.
DPO: If you wish to reach the Pangle s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: dpobrasil@pangleglobal.com
Access Logs. We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment, for, at least, 6 (six)  months, in order to comply with legal obligations.
For Account Holders and Site Visitors located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland:
The following paragraph shall be added under section VII. International Data Transfers:
7.3 Where you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland and we transfer your personal data outside of these regions, we do so on the basis that either the recipient country’s data protection laws have been deemed adequate by the European Commission or through the use of safeguards such as the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries, or in line with any other legally approved mechanism approved. For further details contact us using the details in the “How to contact us” section below.
The following paragraph shall replace section IX of this Privacy Policy:
9.1 Pangle supports the exercise of your data protection rights which may be available in your country in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Specifically:
a. Access Your Data: You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm we process your personal data and for a copy of your personal data.
b. Delete Your Data: You can ask us to delete all or some of your personal data.
c. Change or Correct Data: You can ask us to change or fix your data.
d. Portability: You can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in a machine-readable form.
e. Object or Restrict Use of Data and Withdraw Consent: You can ask us to stop using some or all of your data, e.g. if we have no legal right to keep using it. You can ask us to stop processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes; withdraw your consent or ask us to stop making any automatic individual decisions, including profiling. If you object to such processing, we ask you to share the reason for your objection in order for us to examine the processing of your personal data and to balance our legitimate interest in processing and your objection to this processing.
f. Complain: The right to lodge complaints before the competent data protection regulator.
9.2 For further information, contact us using the contact details provided under the "How to contact us" section below, and we will fulfil your request if these rights are available under applicable data protection laws in your country. If you have made a specific request to us, and do not provide personal data that we can use to identify you we will be unable to fulfil your request.
The following paragraph shall be added as section XII of this Privacy Policy:
XII. Legal basis
XII.1 In the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom we must have a legal basis to process your personal data. For users located in these regions, we will make the platform available to you on the basis of our legitimate interests. The legal basis for other processing of your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. If we process your personal data in our legitimate interests, such as for security and product improvement purposes, this interest will normally be to provide an effective, secure and dynamic platform.
XII.2 In some cases, we process your data to comply with our legal obligations, with your consent or where it is in the vital interests of you or another person.
XII.3 If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
By Clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of
Cookies
on your device to enhance your user experience.
Accept all
Reject all
Sub-policy 14
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 15
https://www.snap.com/en-US/privacy/privacy-policy/:
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Center
Privacy Principles
Privacy by Product
Privacy Policy
Teens on Snapchat
Snap and Ads
Privacy Through Security
We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025,
here
.
Privacy Policy
Effective: April 7, 2025
Welcome to
Snap Inc.
’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this
page
or this
video
. If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the
Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy
.
Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience.
Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it.
This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the
Terms of Service
that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services.
Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information:
Control Over Your Information
Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account.
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including:
Access and update your information.
You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you.
Delete your information.
If you want to delete your account, learn how
here
. You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more.
Control who can see your content.
We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go
here
.
Control who can contact you.
Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always
block
and
report
that person. Go
here
to learn more.
Change your permissions.
In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work.
Opt out of promotional messages.
You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality.
Download your data.
You can make a request in our
Download My Data
tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information.
Object to processing.
Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail
here
.
Set advertising preferences.
We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more
here
.
Tracking.
If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified
here
.
Information We Collect
This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission.
When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail.
Information You Provide
Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with
account details
(information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with
profile details
(like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for
payment and related information
(like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history).
Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our
AI Features
(content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be
private content and communications
(like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like
private & friend stories
(My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be
public content
that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share.
Lastly, when you
contact Support
(content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our
research efforts
(like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question.
Information We Generate When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements.
This includes
usage information
(information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and
content information
(information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it).
Content information
includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball.
This also includes
device information
(such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections),
location information
(IP address),
information collected by cookies and similar technologies
, depending on your settings, (cookies,
pixels
(small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and
log information
(such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies).
If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions,
device information
may also include information about your
device phonebook
(contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s
camera, photos, and microphone
(like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and
location information
(precise location through methods like GPS signals).
Data We Receive From Others
The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our
affiliates
, and third parties. This includes
linked third-party service data
(information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service),
data from advertisers
(information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads),
contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties
(if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and
data relating to potential violations of our Terms
(we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines).
Other Information, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book.
How We Use Information
This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table
here
.
Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services)
We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices.
Personalize Your Experience & Give Context
We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight.
Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on
who you interact with most and
what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends.
Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content.
For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content
here
.
We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the
private content and communications
you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads.
Provide Relevant Ads
Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive
here
.
You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes
here
.
A note about
information collected by cookies and other technologies
: we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our
Cookie Policy
.
Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models
Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and
machine learning models
(an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through
generative AI features
(artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and
machine learning models
for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and
machine learning models
take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI.
Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models.
Analytics
In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand.
Research
We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new
machine learning models
or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically).
Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services
We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it.
Contacting You
Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters.
Support
When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond.
Enforce Our Terms & Policies
We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our
Transparency Report
to learn more.
Other Purposes, With Your Permission
Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way.
How We Share Information
This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from.
Recipients & Reasons for Sharing
Snapchat.
To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the
Control Over Your Information
section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when.
Family Center Participants.
When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content.
Learn more
.
Public.
Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public.
Learn more
.
Third-Party Apps.
Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to.
Service Providers.
We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers
here
.
Business and Integrated Partners.
We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners
here
.
Anti-Fraud Partners.
We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud.
Legal, Safety, and Security Partners.
We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons:
comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.
investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations.
protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others.
detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Affiliates.
Snap Inc.
consists of different
subsidiaries
owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services.
For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition.
If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction.
Integrated Partners
Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat
here
.
On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
International Data Transfers
Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the
Region Specific Information
section for more details.
How Long We Keep Your Information
In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations.
As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (
unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it
). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information:
If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic
account details
— like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account.
To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself.
Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat).
Learn more
.
Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices.
The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by
downloading your data
.
How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations.
If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others.
Take a look at our
Privacy by Product
page and
support page
for details on the specific retention periods for products.
Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time.
In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law.
For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our
Support Site
.
Region Specific Information
Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information.
We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you!
Australia
Brazil
Canada
Europe
Mexico
South Korea
Turkey
United States
Note:
The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws.
Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information
here
.
Our Audience
Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older.
Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data.
In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18.
Updates to the Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification).
Contact Us
Have any questions about the information here
or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)
? You can contact us
here
.
Sub-policy 16
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 17
https://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 18
https://liftoff.io/ru/privacy-policy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and offer you the most relevant information. Please accept cookies for an optimal experience. To learn more about how we use cookies, see our
Cookie Policy
.
The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.
The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage {vendor_count} vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
{title}
Privacy Policy
Liftoff
Privacy Policy
Effective: January 2025
Table of contents:
Who we are
The personal information we process
How we use your personal information (our purposes) and
our legal basis for processing it
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
International transfers
How we share your personal information and who we share it with
Security
Data retention
Automated decision-making
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Complaints, questions and suggestions
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure that you are completely informed about your personal data. To access a particular section, you can click on the relevant link above.
I. WHO WE ARE
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. (“Company,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is a mobile advertising company that provides customers with an advertising and optimization platform and software (the “Services”).
We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you. The company is registered in Delaware (registration number C3511707), with registered office at 555 Bryant Street, Suite #133, Palo Alto CA 94301.
We respect your right to privacy. “You” will fall into one of four categories:
“Site Visitor”: accessing or browsing the www.liftoff.io site (the “Site”);
“Customer”: requesting the provision of Services from us;
“Partner”: providing services to us, to allow us to provide Services to our Customers: or
“Targeted End User”: using mobile apps provided to you by our Customers (acting as an “End User”).
This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and our Services. It describes how we collect, use, share and store your personal information, as well as your privacy rights and choices. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy by email at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io, or using the additional contact details provided in Section XIII titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
II. THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE PROCESS
The type of personal information that we collect and process falls into three categories, as further detailed below:
Information we collect from Customers and Partners in connection with the provision of our Services;
Information we collect and use when Targeted End Users interact with our Customers’ mobile applications; and
Information that we collect from Site Visitors using the Site.
We do not collect any sensitive personal information about you, such as health-related information or information about your race or ethnicity, or sexual orientation.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it):
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email and telephone), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Transaction Data
such as your payment information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us.
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location, unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as account activity and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, information about content viewed, time and length of visits, traffic data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Advertising and Marketing Data
including your interests based on your use of our Site and other websites and online services, your preferences in relation to receiving marketing materials from us, your communication preferences, and your preferences for particular products or services.
Directly from you
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you, as well as the source (i.e., from whom we obtain it).
Categories of personal information
Source
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, Internet service provider (ISP), device information (inc. ID, make, manufacturer, operating system and language settings), browser type, generic geographic location (such as country or zip code, as well as the granular latitude and longitude coordinates), carrier, Android ID or Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA), connection speed.
Your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (e.g., because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Characteristics specific to your device might be requested from you and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen).
Indirectly from you
Third parties
Usage Data
such as your activity on a Customer’s app and other websites or apps (e.g., forms you submit, content you look at) and Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”). This will include app usage information, referring/ exit pages, pages and content viewed, clickstream data, and date/ time stamp.
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (e.g., your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey).
Indirectly from you
Preferences
regarding the processing of your data.
Directly from you
Ad Engagement Data
such as information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it (e.g., whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or download an app, etc.)
Indirectly from you
Location Data
from which we can identify your approximate location.
Indirectly from you
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below describes the categories of personal information we collect from and about you when you visit our Site:
Categories of personal information
Source
Identification and Contact Data
such as your name, contact information (e.g., email), account credentials and profile information.
Directly from you
Communication Data
such as information you provide in your communications with us, and any other information that you actively provide to us via our Site
Directly from you
Device Data
including technical information such as your IP address, your ISP, browser type and version, device type, operating system, generic geographic location (country), unique device identification numbers or other identifiers (including advertising identifiers).
Indirectly from you
Usage Data
such as Site interaction, including information that we capture using cookies and similar technologies (see Section IV titled “Cookies and similar tracking technologies”).  This will include page views and searches, clicks, time and length of visits, traffic data, weblogs and other communication data, and other functional information on Site performance (for example, application version information, diagnostics, and crash logs).
Indirectly from you
Third-party Data
including marketing data
We combine this data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
If you provide us with personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Third parties (including email, marketing and analytics services, as well as publicly available databases)
III. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (OUR PURPOSES) AND OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING IT
We use the personal information that we collect from and about you only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your information. Depending on our purpose for collecting your information, we rely on one of the following legal bases:
Contract
– we require certain personal information in order to provide and support the Services you request from us;
Consent
– in certain circumstances, we may ask for your consent (separately from any contract between us) before we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, in which case you can voluntarily choose to give or deny your consent without any negative consequences to you;
Legitimate interests
– we will use or disclose your personal information for our or a third party’s legitimate interests, but only (i) in a way that is reasonable for you to expect as part of the running of our business and which does not materially affect your rights and freedoms, and (ii) when we are confident that your privacy rights will remain appropriately protected. These interests will normally be to: (i) operate, provide and improve our business, including our Services; communicate with you and respond to your questions; (ii) improve our Site or use the insights to improve or develop marketing activities and promote our Services; (iii) detect or prevent illegal activities (for example, fraud); and/or (iv) to manage the security of our IT infrastructure, and the safety and security of our employees, customers, vendors and visitors; or
Legal obligation
– there are instances where we must process and retain your personal information to comply with laws or to fulfil certain legal obligations.
A. Information We Collect from Customers and Partners
If you are one of our Customers or Partners (e.g., a representative of one of our Customers or Partners), the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide our Services
Register, manage and administer your account
Fulfil your request for our Services
Service-related communications (inc. Service updates, confirmations and support)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Location Data
Performance of a contract with you
Improve our Services
Analyse metrics related to transactions and behaviour (online and offline) to assess trends and the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns (inc. our “Mobile Heroes” programme), to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service and offers, to drive customer engagement, promote our business, and inform business decisions.
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Personalise and customise your experience
including to provide targeted content, marketing, ads and other information to Customers
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Location Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
To receive services
from you or the business you represent (where you or your business is a Partner)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Performance of a contract with you
Manage compliance with our terms of service
and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Transaction Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
Customers and Partners wishing to opt out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from Liftoff can click “UNSUBSCRIBE” in marketing emails or email us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
When you provide us with personal information about your contacts, we will only use this information for the specific reason for which it is provided in order to reach out to the individual (including those individuals nominated as a mobile hero). If you believe that one of your contacts has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
B. Information We Collect and Use About Targeted End Users When They Interact With Our Customers’ Mobile Applications
If you are a Targeted End User, the table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Personalise, target and deliver advertising
including to create an advertising profile of you
We build or improve a profile about you to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests.
To ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Location Data
Consent
Measuring advertising performance
To determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users, understand the impact of advertising campaigns and determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Location Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business).
Developing and improving services
Information about your activity on a Customer’s app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be used to improve or build new products and services. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure).
Security
Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and fixing errors (e.g., to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them).
Device Data
Usage Data
Ad Engagement Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests. It is in the interests of us, our clients, and you to ensure that ads are served in a safe and error free manner and that fraudulent third parties do not distort the true price to be paid for showing you ads.
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law.
Device Data
Usage Data
Preferences
Ad Engagement Data
Legal obligation
Our Privacy Principles for the use of data about Targeted End Users
Liftoff’s systems aggregate events/data at granularities that cover many users, as opposed to a specific user, unless the user consents. For instance: users with iPhone X’s in San Francisco have clicked on ads in app A 100 times and installed app B 50 times.
Liftoff does not tie together events/data across apps in a user-specific way, without the user’s consent. For instance: we do not track that a person did X in app A and also Y in app B from a different publisher, if the person opts-out of interest-based advertising.
Instead, Liftoff only ties events/data from a given specific user within the context of a given app. E.g. user with app-local ID 123 installed app A, then finished the tutorial, then made a purchase.
This allows Liftoff to understand the conversion rates from one event to another within an app, but not track the activities of a user across different apps.
Liftoff does not record or store personal information that the user cannot easily revoke, such as email address, physical address, photographs or phone number to personalize our advertising. Liftoff relies upon device IDs to uniquely identify a user, and Liftoff solely relies upon the user’s consent in allowing Liftoff to access this information.
Liftoff does not export per-user data outside of Liftoff, except for validation purposes to a company that already has access to that data
Details of how to opt-out of interest-based advertising from us can be found at:
https://liftoff.io/opt-out/
.
C. Information We Collect via Our Site
The table below provides more details on our purposes for processing your personal information and the related legal bases. The legal basis under which your personal information is processed will depend on the data concerned and the specific context in which we use it.
Purpose/ activity
Categories of personal information
Legal basis
Provide access to our Site
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Performance of a contract with you.
Communicate with you
including to deal with and respond to enquiries
Communication Data
Legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to communicate with you).
Analyse how our Site is used and to improve our Site
including managing our use of cookies and other tracking technologies (including enabling you to manage your cookie preferences) and analyse collected data to learn about our Site, to improve our Site, and to develop new products and services.
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Send you marketing communications
We combine Third-Party Data with information we already have about you to help us to update, expand and analyse our records, identify new Customers, deliver our marketing services and provide more tailored advertising, products and Services.
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Third-party Data
Consent (where required under applicable law)
Otherwise our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Manage compliance with our terms of service and related internal reporting
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Advertising and Marketing Data
Performance of a contract with you
Otherwise, our legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business)
Legal obligation
Administer and maintain our Site and IT systems
including monitoring, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, repair and support, reporting and hosting of data
Identification and Contact Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our and our third parties’ legitimate interests (to operate, provide and improve our business; to detect or prevent Illegal activities (e.g. fraud) and/or to manage the security of our IT infrastructure)
Protect our legal rights
including where necessary, to share information with law enforcement and others (e.g., to defend claims against us and to conduct litigation to defend our interests)
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Our legitimate interests to protect our business interests
Legal obligation
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations
including our obligations to respond to your requests under data protection law
Identification and Contact Data
Communication Data
Device Data
Usage Data
Legal obligation
IV. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) to analyse trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around our Site, to gather demographic information about our user base, and to serve interest based advertising. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our
Cookie Policy
.
You can control the use of Cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable Cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Site or Services.
V. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be collected, transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are located, including the United States and other countries where we or our group companies or service providers (among others) maintain facilities. Our group affiliates and our third-party service providers and partners operate around the world. We maintain primary data centers in the United States, Singapore, Japan and Germany. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and may not provide for the same level of data protection as your jurisdiction. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed as described in this Privacy Policy and according to applicable law.
We have implemented appropriate safeguards to ensure that the recipient of your personal information offers an adequate level of protection, including by entering into the standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal information, or where required, we will ask you for your prior written consent for such international data transfers.
Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland which have been formally recognized as providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we rely on the relevant “adequacy decisions” and “adequacy regulations” from the European Commission, Swiss and UK authorities.
Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision, we take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These safeguards include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses as issued on 4 June 2021 under Article 46(2) GDPR for transfers originating in the EEA, UK and Switzerland; and the UK Addendum under Article 46(2) of the UK GDPR for the transfer of data originating in the UK.
Our Standard Contractual Clauses entered into by our group companies and with our third-party service providers and partners can be provided on request. Please note that some sensitive commercial information will be redacted. If you have any questions or concerns related to international data transfers, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Data Privacy Framework
Liftoff Mobile, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (“UK Extension”), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to (i) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles  with regard to the processing of personal information received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the UK (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and (ii)the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles with regard to the processing of personal information received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF (collectively, the “DPF Principles”).  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
The types of personal information we receive in the U.S., as well as the purposes for which we collect and use it, are set out in Sections II and III titled “The personal information we process” and “How we use your personal information (our purposes) and our legal basis for processing it”. We will give you an opportunity to opt out where personal information we control about you is to be disclosed to an independent third party, or is to be used for a purpose that is materially different from those set out in this Privacy Policy. If you otherwise wish to limit the use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us via the contact details set out below.
Information about the types of third parties to which we disclose personal information and the purposes for which we do so is described in Section VI titled “How we share your personal information and who we share it with”.
If we have received your personal information in the U.S. and subsequently transfer that information to a third party acting as an agent, and such third-party agent processes your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we will remain liable unless we can prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
If you are located in the EEA, UK (inc. Gibraltar) or Switzerland, you have the right to request access to the personal information that we hold about you and request that we correct, amend, or delete it if it is inaccurate or processed in violation of the DPF Principles. If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us via the contact details provided below. We may request specific information from you to confirm your identity and we will respond to your request in accordance with the DPF Principles and applicable data protection laws. You may also opt-out of receiving marketing and advertising communications from us by writing to us at the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we commit to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Liftoff Mobile, Inc. at:
DPO@liftoff.io
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any DPF-related complaints or disputes within forty-five (45) days of receipt.
We commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolutionfor more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. If your complaint is not resolved by us or by JAMS, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Please see
here
for additional information.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over our compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. We may be required to disclose personal information we handle under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to amend this section from time to time consistent with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension and the Swiss-U.S. DPF requirements.
VI. HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
We do not sell your personal information in personally identifiable form to anyone. However, we do share your personal information with third parties as described below. If you have consented to us sharing your personal information but later change your mind, you may contact us and we will cease any such activity.
Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control
In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You will be able to recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is necessary and related to such transaction or service. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies. This Privacy Policy applies only to personal information that we collect through the Site and Services. If you have any questions about these practices, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
Service Providers
We employ third party companies and people, for example cloud service providers (“Third Party Service Providers”), such as Amazon Web Services, Dropbox, Salesforce and
Unity Technologies
to perform tasks e.g., provide computer and network infrastructure services on our behalf or as advertising exchange partners and we may need to share your information with them to provide products or Services to you. We only share your personal information with Third Party Service Providers to the extent necessary for them to assist us and they do not have any right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. We may also work with Google to deliver the best advertising opportunities to its clients through the use of remarketing tags. Traffic Clients and other data subjects can consult Google’s policies to learn more about Google’s processing policies
here
.
Third Party Digital Advertising Partners
If you are a Targeted End User, we will share data about you with Partners, to be used by those Partners for advertising-related purposes, including establishing (on behalf of advertisers) whether to bid on the opportunity to show you ads. When we share data in this manner, we will also share with the relevant Partner details about whether you have consented to, or objected to, the use of your data by the Partner for specified purposes.
Group Companies
We may provide your personal information to our subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf to provide the Site and the Services to you. These parties are required to process such information based on our instructions and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. They do not have any independent right to share this information.
Compliance with laws and legal proceedings
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
Merger or Acquisition
If Liftoff Mobile, Inc. or any of its subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent.
VII. SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard the personal information that you provide to us, no transmission over the Internet can ever be guaranteed secure. Consequently, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal information that you transfer over the Internet to us
We take appropriate steps to pseudonymize your personal information. For Targeted End Users, the advertising device IDs (which are the only per-user identifiers that we track, and can be reset by the user at any time) are SHA1-hashed before insertion. Since SHA1 is a one-way hashing algorithm, the original raw advertising device ID cannot be reverse-engineered from the hashed version.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
VIII. DATA RETENTION
If you have provided us with personal information for the purposes of holding an account with us, we will retain your information (including personal information) for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services.
If we hold information about you through any other means we shall only process this information for as long as is necessary for the purpose and in any event for no longer than 28 days.
Information relating to Targeted End Users is retained for 30 days in pseudonymized form before it is automatically deleted from our active database. Backups are stored indefinitely.
We will delete it after the timescales stated above, except we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
IX. AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING
We perform the following automated decision-making processes using your personal information:
To build lookalike targeting models to target users who are similar to the Customer’s existing users. Our Machine Learning does this automatically for every Customer. The more upfront device IDs Liftoff has, the more beneficial this is.
For power predictive ML features e.g. users who have purchased in the past are much more likely to purchase again in the future
To exclude existing users from User Acquisition campaigns, and power targeting rules for re-engagement campaigns e.g. target users who have registered but not purchased.
We have implemented measures to safeguard the rights and interests of individuals whose personal data is subject to automated decision-making. Our technical and organizational security measures can be provided on request.
When we make an automated decision about you, you have the right to contest the decision, to express your point of view, and to require a human review of the decision. You can exercise this right by contacting us using the contact details provided under Section IV titled “Complaints, Questions and Suggestions”.
X. YOUR RIGHTS
Opting-out of interest-based advertising from Liftoff
As described in this Privacy Policy, third parties may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information and infer your interests for interest-based advertising purposes. If you would prefer to not receive personalized ads based on, for example, your browser or device usage, you may generally express your opt-out preference to no longer receive tailored advertisements by clicking
here
(or if located in the EEA, click
here
)
. Please note that you will continue to see advertisements, but they will no longer be tailored to your interests.
Refer to our
opt out page
for instructions on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising when you are a Targeted End User.
Data Subject Rights
You have certain rights in relation to your personal information. If you would like further information in relation to these or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us via email at DPO@liftoff.io at any time. You have the following rights:
Right of access.  You have a right of access to any personal information we hold about you.  You can ask us for a copy of your personal information; confirmation as to whether your personal information is being used by us; details about how and why it is being used; and details of the safeguards which are in place if we transfer your information outside of the UK or EEA.
Right to correct or update your personal information.  You have a right to request a correction or update to any of your personal information which is out of date or incorrect.
Right to request deletion of your personal information.  You have a right to ask us to delete any personal information which we are holding about you in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
Right to restrict use of your information. You have a right to ask us to restrict the way that we process your personal information in certain specific circumstances.  You can ask us for further information on these specific circumstances by contacting us by email.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Right to opt-out or stop marketing communications. You have a right to ask us to stop using your personal information for direct marketing purposes.  You may contact us using the contact details provided below or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing emails we send you. If you exercise this right, we will stop using your personal information for this purpose but we will still send you non-promotional emails (as applicable), such as emails about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Right to data portability. You have a right to ask us to provide your personal information to a third party provider of services. This right only applies where we use your personal information on the basis of your consent or performance of a contract; and where our use of your information is carried out by automated means.
Right to object.  You have a right to ask us to consider any valid objections which you have to our use of your personal information where we process your personal information on the basis of our or another person’s legitimate interest.
We will consider all such requests and provide our response within a reasonable period (and in any event within one month of your request unless we tell you we are entitled to a longer period under applicable law). Please note, however, that certain personal information may be exempt from such requests in certain circumstances, for example if we need to keep using the information to comply with our own legal obligations or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have the right to complain to a supervisory authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local supervisory authority. Contact details for supervisory authorities in the EEA are available
here
and for the UK
here
.  Certain supervisory authorities will require that you exhaust our own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.
If an exception applies, we will tell you this when responding to your request.  We may request you provide us with information necessary to confirm your identity before responding to any request you make.
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
XI. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services (as that term is defined in our Terms of Use). If you are under 16, please do not attempt to use the Site or register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to us or use the Site or the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible unless your parent or guardian has provided us with their consent for your use of our Site or Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
XII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
XIII. COMPLAINTS, QUESTIONS AND SUGGESTIONS
We have a Data Protection Officer to assist with all queries regarding our processing of personal information who can be contacted at DPO@liftoff.io. If you have complaints about our Site or Services, please contact us at: DPO@liftoff.io or security@liftoff.io.
In the EEA/ UK, you may contact our representatives:
Jurisdiction
Representative
EEA
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff GmBH
Torstrabe 146/Linienstrabe 86, 10119, Berlin, Germany
UK
Attn: Legal Department
Liftoff Mobile Limited
Drapers House, 76-78 Clerkenwell Road, EC1M 5QA, London, UK
You may also make a compliant to the appropriate data protection authority for data protection matters or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Manage consent
Sub-policy 19
https://www.digitalturbine.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 20
https://bidmachine.io/privacy-policy/:
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose
BidMachine, Inc., a Delaware corporation has developed this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”) to demonstrate our commitment to protecting our users’ privacy. The terms “BidMachine,” “we,” “us”, and “our” include BidMachine, Inc. and any affiliates and subsidiaries. The terms “you” and “your” refer to any individuals and entities who use our Services or visit our Website (including our publishers, advertisers, demand partners, and other service providers) and our Employees.
This Policy describes our online and offline information practices, the kinds of information we may collect, how we intend to use that information, with whom your information may be shared, and how you can opt-out of such uses or correct or change such information. By using our Services or our Website, you agree to the practices described in this Policy. This Policy is an integral part of and is incorporated by reference into our Terms of Service (the “
Terms
”). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy will have the meaning defined in the Terms.
2. Scope
This Policy applies to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“
Personal Information
”) that is collected, recorded, stored, adapted, used, or otherwise made available (collectively, “
Processed
”) by BidMachine in the course of our business providing an ad mediation platform, tools and other services (the “Services”) or the functionality of the Website. All individuals and entities whose responsibilities include Processing Personal Information on our behalf are expected to protect that data by adherence to this Policy. This Policy is intended to meet requirements globally, including those in North America, Europe, APAC, and other jurisdictions.
3. Transparency/Notice: Types of Personal Information We Collect And How We Use It
The types of Personal Information we may collect (directly from you or from Third-Party sources) and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with BidMachine and the requirements of applicable law. BidMachine may collect Personal Information in the following ways:
You may provide Personal Information directly to BidMachine through interacting with the Services or our Website, participating in surveys, during events, and requesting products, Services, or information.
As you interact with the Services or our Website, certain passive information may also be collected about your visit, including through Technologies as described below. We endeavor to collect only that information which is relevant for the purposes of Processing. Below are the ways we collect Personal Information and how we use it.
(a) Types Of Personal Information BidMachine Collects
BidMachine collects Personal Information regarding its current, prospective, and former clients, customers, publishers, demand partners, users, visitors, guests, and Employees (collectively “
Individuals
”).
Information You Provide Directly to Us.
When you use the Services or the Website or engage in certain activities, such as registering for an account with BidMachine, requesting Services or information, or contacting us directly, we may ask you to provide some or all of the following types of information:
Account Registration.
When you register for an account to access our Services, we collect information about you which may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, and billing information such as your credit card number.
Communications with Us.
We may also collect Personal Information from you such as your name, email address, phone number or mailing address when you choose to request information about our products and Services, register for a newsletter, contact customer service, or otherwise communicate with us.
Surveys.
From time to time, we may contact you to participate in online surveys. If you do decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include Personal Information. All information collected from your participation in our surveys is provided by you voluntarily. We may use such information to improve our products, Website and/or Services and in any manner consistent with the policies provided herein.
Automatic Data Collection.
We may collect certain information automatically through our Services, Website, or other methods of web analysis, such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your Device when you access the Internet, location data, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Website or our Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view on our Website, and other actions taken through use of the Website or Services such as preferences.
Information from Other Sources.
We may also obtain information about you through Third-Party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. This supplemental information allows us to verify information that you have provided to BidMachine and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services.
(b) Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, Analytics Information, and Interest-Based Advertising
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services or Website, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, mobile device identifiers and other technologies (“
Technologies
”) to automatically collect information through the Services or Website. We use Technologies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices (referred to collectively as a “Device”) that allow us to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services, and to recognize you across Devices.
Cookies.
Cookies are bits of data stored on your Device through your browser or mobile application that allow the mobile application to remember you the next time you visit. Cookies enable smoother, more efficient use of the Website by storing your specific information and preferences such as theme, language setting, privacy preferences, and even user ID and password, so you do not need to reenter those each time you visit the Website. You may choose to block or delete cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Advertising Identifiers.
We may also use mobile advertising identifiers to recognize your device and perform the services. Depending on your device, you can chose to change or limit the transmission of your mobile advertising identifier by going into your device settings.
Web Bugs/Pixel Tags/Web Beacons.
We may also use web bugs (also called web beacons) to help us understand the behavior of our users by allowing us to track user demographics and traffic patterns.
Social Media Widgets.
Our Website includes social media features such as the Facebook “Like” button and LinkedIn (that might include widgets such as the share this button or other interactive mini-programs). These features may collect information including your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Analytics.
We may also utilize Google Analytics and Yandex Metrics in the collection, compilation and analysis of information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on some of our Services, and to develop website content. This analytics data is not tied to any Personal Information. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit
policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. You can out opt of Yandex Metrics by going to
yandex.com/support/metrica/general/opt-out.html
Our uses of such Technologies fall into the following general categories:
Operationally Necessary.
We may use Technologies that are necessary to the operation of our Services or Website. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services; or that are required to identify irregular Website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security;
Performance Related.
We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services or Website, including as part of our analytics practices, to help us understand how our visitors use our Website, determine if you have interacted with our messaging, determine whether you have viewed an item or link, or to improve our Services or Website;
Functionality Related.
We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services or Website. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Website or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed so that we may enhance the presentation of content on our Website;
Advertising or Targeting Related.
We may use first-party or Third-Party Technologies to deliver content, including ads that may be relevant to your interests, on our Website or on Third-Party websites. This includes using Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you, such as whether you have clicked on an advertisement.
We may also combine the information we collect through Technologies with other Personal Information we have collected from and about you. If you would like to opt out of the Technologies we employ through our Services, you may do so by blocking, deleting, or disabling them as your browser or Device permits.
(c) How BidMachine Uses Your Information
We acquire, hold, use, and Process Personal Information based on the legal grounds and for the legitimate business purposes outlined in this Policy, such as:
To Provide Services or Information Requested:
BidMachine may use information about you to fulfill requests for Services or information, including information about potential or future Services, including to:
Generally manage Individual information and accounts;
Respond to questions, comments, and other requests;
Provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of BidMachine’s Services or Website;
Allow you to register for events.
Administrative Purposes:
BidMachine may use Personal Information about you for its administrative purposes, including to:
Ensure you have a personalized and consistent experience in using the Website and Services;
Protect the security of our Service and Website
and to prevent fraud;
Measure interest in BidMachine’s Services
b and perform analytics;
Notify you of changes to the Website or Services;
Develop new Services;
Ensure internal quality control;
Verify Individual identity;
Communicate about Individual accounts and activities on BidMachine’s Services, Website and systems, and, in BidMachine’s discretion, changes to any BidMachine policy;
Send email to the email address you provide to us to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, or system maintenance;
Process payment for Services purchased;
Process applications and transactions;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforce our Terms of Use.
Marketing BidMachine Services:
BidMachine may use Personal Information to provide you with materials about offers, products, and Services that may be of interest, including new content or Services. BidMachine may provide you with these materials by phone, postal mail, facsimile, or email, as permitted by applicable law. Such uses include:
To tailor content, advertisements, and offers;
To notify you about offers, products, and services that may be of interest to you;
To provide Services to you and our sponsors;
For other purposes disclosed at the time that Individuals provide Personal Information;
Otherwise with your consent.
You may contact us at any time to opt-out of the use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes, as further described in Section 6 below.
Research and Development:
BidMachine may use Personal Information to create non-identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources, in order to help us improve our Website, to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new Services. From time to time, BidMachine may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage Third-Party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve Individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the Services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Services or our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. If an Individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous Individual and aggregate data for research and analysis purposes.
Direct Mail, Email and Outbound Telemarketing:
Individuals who provide us with Personal Information, or whose Personal Information we obtain from Third Parties, may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us with information on BidMachine’s or our business partners’ products and services or upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest. We offer the option to decline these communications at no cost to the Individual by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Mobile Devices:
BidMachine provides Services that are specifically designed to be compatible and used on mobile Devices. BidMachine will collect certain information that your mobile Device sends when you use such Services, like a GPS location, user settings and the operating system of your Device. BidMachine’s Services require that users log in with an account, and information collected through mobile versions of the Services is associated with user accounts. In addition, BidMachine may enable Individuals to download an application, widget, or other tool that can be used on Devices. Some of these tools may store information on Devices. These tools may transmit Personal Information to BidMachine to enable Individuals to access user accounts and to enable BidMachine to track use of these tools. Some of these tools may enable users to email reports and other information from the tool. BidMachine may use personal or non-identifiable information transmitted to BidMachine to enhance these tools, to develop new tools, for quality improvement and as otherwise described in this Policy or in other notices BidMachine provides.
Anonymous and Aggregated Information:
BidMachine may use Personal Information and other information about you to create anonymized and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the Device from which you access BidMachine’s Services or Website, or other analyses we create. Anonymized and aggregated information is used for a variety of functions, including the measurement of visitors’ interest in and use of various portions or features of the Services or Website. Anonymized or aggregated information is not Personal Information, and BidMachine may use such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We may share this information within BidMachine and with Third Parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you.
Sharing Content with Friends or Colleagues:
BidMachine’s Services may offer various tools and functionality. For example, BidMachine may provide functionality on its Services that will allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague. Email addresses that you may provide for a friend or colleague will be used to send your friend or colleague the content or link you request, but will not be collected or otherwise used by BidMachine or any other Third Parties for any other purpose.
Other Uses:
BidMachine may use Personal Information for other purposes for which we have a legitimate interest, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, anti-fraud protection, or any other purpose disclosed to you at the time you provide Personal Information or with your consent.
(d) Third-Party Websites and Social Media Platforms
The Website may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website or other Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by us, and BidMachine does not endorse or make any representations about Third-Party websites or social media platforms. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that they interact with. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk.
The Website and our Services may also contains links and interactive features with various social media platforms. If you already use these platforms, their cookies may be set on your Device when using our Website or Services. You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room, social media platform or otherwise online, or that you share in an open forum may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We are unable to control such uses of your information when interacting with a social media platform, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.
(e) Software Development Kit
To provide our Services, we offer a software development kit (“SDK”) which allows us to access your Mobile Properties. We may collect Personal Information about users of your Mobile Properties through our SDK, including IP addresses, mobile advertising IDs, GPS location (if appropriate permission is given), application usage statistics such as launch times and duration, ad views and click-throughs. Advertisers or demand partners that provide content through our SDK may also collect Personal Information or other information about your users through our SDK. You agree that, in order to use our SDK, you will obtain appropriate consent from your users for the collection, use and sharing of Personal Information through our SDK, and that you will maintain and process all user data in accordance with your privacy policy and all applicable laws in any country in which your Mobile Properties are distributed or used and users are located.
If you use our SDK as a publisher, you agree that we may also share certain non-personal information about your use of the SDK through your Mobile Properties with advertisers and demand partners who provide content through our SDK. Such information may include the number of requests you receive for ad placements on your Mobile Properties, the number of impressions and click-throughs generated, information about revenue you receive, and eCPM data.
4. Human Resources Data
BidMachine collects Personal Information from Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“
Human Resources Data
”). “Employees” include current, temporary, permanent, prospective or former employees, directors, contractors, workers, or retirees of BidMachine. The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a CV or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; and information about national origin or immigration status.
We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources-related Personal Information for a variety of business purposes including:
Workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects;
Human Resources administration and communication;
Payroll and the provision of benefits;
Compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs;
Job grading activities;
Performance and employee development management;
Organizational development and succession planning;
Benefits and personnel administration;
Absence management;
Helpdesk and IT support services;
Regulatory compliance;
Internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations;
Internal or external audits;
Litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense;
Diversity and inclusion initiatives;
Restructuring and relocation;
Emergency contacts and services;
Employee safety;
Compliance with statutory requirements;
Processing of Employee expenses and travel charges;
Acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations.
5. Onward Transfer—BidMachine May Disclose Your Information
(a) Information We Share
We may share your information as described in this Policy (e.g., with our Third-Party service providers; to comply with legal obligations; to protect and defend our rights and property) or with your permission. The complete Third-Party service provider list can be found here:
bidmachine.io/partners-privacy-policies/
We Use Vendors and Service Providers.
We may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers, including advertisers that provide content through our SDK. The types of service providers (processors) to whom we entrust Personal Information include service providers for: (i) provision of IT and related services, such as web hosting or data management; (ii) provision of information and services you have requested; (iii) payment processing; and (iv) customer service activities; and (v) in connection with the provision of the Website. BidMachine has executed appropriate contracts with the service providers that prohibit them from using or sharing Personal Information except as necessary to perform the contracted services on our behalf or to comply with applicable legal requirements.
Business Partners.
We may choose to share Personal Information with our business partners and affiliates for our and our affiliates’ internal business purposes, or to provide you with Services that you have requested. BidMachine may also provide Personal Information to business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear, along with BidMachine’s. BidMachine requires our affiliates and business partners to agree in writing to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information they maintain on our behalf and not to use it for any purpose other than the purpose for which BidMachine provided it to them.
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Party Marketing.
Through our Services, BidMachine may allow Third-Party advertising partners to set tracking tools (e.g., cookies or other Technologies) to collect information regarding your activities (e.g., your IP address, page(s) visited, time of day). We may also share such de-identified information as well as selected Personal Information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) we have collected with Third-Party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit non-BidMachine related websites within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “online behavioral advertising. We may allow access to other data collected by the Website to facilitate transmittal of information that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your Personal Information with Third-Party advertising partners, you may opt-out of such sharing at no cost by following the instructions in Section 6 below.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others (e.g., As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures).
We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information, other account information, and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) protect yours’, ours’ or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iv) to enforce BidMachine policies or contracts; (v) to collect amounts owed to BidMachine; (vi) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (vii) if we, in good faith, believe that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
In addition, from time to time, server logs may be reviewed for security purposes—e.g., to detect unauthorized activity on the Services. In such cases, server log data containing IP addresses may be shared with law enforcement bodies in order that they may identify users in connection with their investigation of the unauthorized activities.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. Should such an event occur, BidMachine will endeavor to direct the transferee to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the Policy in effect at the time such Personal Information was collected.
(b) Data Transfers
All Personal Information collected via or by BidMachine may be stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, in the United States, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your Personal Information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to BidMachine, you consent to the storage of your Personal Information in these locations.
6. Choice/Modalities to Opt-Out
(a) General
You have the right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information. Where you have consented to BidMachine’s Processing of your Personal Information or sensitive Personal Information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out to further Processing by following the instructions in this Section. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use non-Personal Information regarding your activities on our Website and/or information from the advertisements on Third-Party websites for non-interest based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements.
(b) Email and Telephone Communications
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt-out of receiving future emails. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain communications regarding BidMachine and our Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to our Terms or this Policy).
We maintain telephone “do-not-call” and “do-not-mail” lists as mandated by law. We process requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone and do-not-contact lists within 60 days after receipt, or such shorter time as may be required by law.
(c) Human Resources Data
With regard to Personal Information that BidMachine receives in connection with the employment relationship, BidMachine will use such Personal Information only for employment-related purposes as more fully described above. If BidMachine intends to use this Personal Information for any other purpose, BidMachine will notify the Individual and provide an opportunity to opt-out of such uses.
(d) Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
(e) Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising
We hope that you find the display of interest-based Ads valuable. However, if you wish to opt-out of these advertising services, you can edit your preferences by visiting the “Settings” page of the Website and selecting the option to opt-out.
As noted above, you may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your Devices or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications. However, on many mobile Devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their Device settings or by downloading the AppChoices mobile application offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from our data partners and our other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at
optout.networkadvertising.org
, or
youronlinechoices.eu
and
optout.aboutads.info
. You can also choose not to be included in Google Analytics by following this link:
tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To be clear, whether you are using our opt-out found at
bidmachine.io/sdk-opt-out/
and/or an online industry opt-out, these cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each Device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile Device. You must separately opt-out on each Device. Advertisements on Third-Party websites that contain the AdChoices link and that link to this Privacy Policy may have been directed to you based on anonymous, non-Personal Information collected by advertising partners over time and across websites. These advertisements provide a mechanism to opt-out of the advertising partners’ use of this information for interest-based advertising purposes.
7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate safeguards and current security standards to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, disclosure, or misuse, such as using SSL encryption. However, no system can be completely secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. While we take meaningful steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain secure. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.
By using the Website or providing Personal Information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Website. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Website or sending an e-mail to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing.
8. Rights of Access, Rectification, Erasure, and Restriction
You can review and change certain Personal Information related to your use of our Website or Services (such as your name and contact information). To access your information, simply sign in to your account and you will be able to edit your Personal Information.
You may inquire as to whether BidMachine is Processing Personal Information about you, request access to Personal Information, and ask that we correct, amend or delete your Personal Information where it is inaccurate. Where otherwise permitted by applicable law, you may send an e-mail to legal@BidMachine.com or use any of the methods set out in this Policy to request access to, receive (port), restrict Processing, seek rectification, or request erasure of Personal Information held about you by BidMachine. Such requests will be processed in line with local laws.
| Although BidMachine makes good faith efforts to provide Individuals with access to their Personal Information, there may be circumstances in which BidMachine is unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the Individual’s privacy in the case in question or where it is commercially proprietary. If BidMachine determines that access should be restricted in any particular instance, we will provide you with an explanation of why that determination has been made and a contact point for any further inquiries. To protect your privacy, BidMachine will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Information.
9. Retention
BidMachine retains the Personal Information we receive as described in this Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
10. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is restricted to individuals over the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16) years of age, and no part of the Website is directed to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at legal@BidMachine.com. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
11. International Users
By using the Website, you will transfer data to the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your information to the United States and processing globally. By providing your Personal Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
12. REDRESS/COMPLIANCE AND ACCOUNTABILITY
Questions or concerns regarding our compliance with this Policy may be directed to
dpo@bidmachine.io
or contact us at:
BidMachine, Inc.
1640 Boro Place, 4th Floor
McLean, Virginia 22102, USA
BidMachine will address your concerns and attempt to resolve any privacy issues in a timely manner.
If you are an EU citizen and feel that BidMachine is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at the contact information provided above. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State.
13. OTHER RIGHTS AND IMPORTANT INFORMATION
(a) CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY AND PRACTICES
Revision to the Privacy Policy.
We may revise this Privacy Policy in our sole discretion, so review it periodically. If you continue to visit this Website or use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Posting of Revised Privacy Policy.
If there are any material changes to this Policy, BidMachine will notify you by email or as otherwise required by applicable law. We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this web page, and the revised version will be effective immediately when it is posted (or upon notice as applicable). If you are concerned about how your information is used, bookmark this page and read this Privacy Policy periodically.
New Uses of Personal Information.
Additionally, before we use Personal Information for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will endeavor to provide information regarding the new purpose and give you the opportunity to opt-out. Where consent of the Individual for the Processing of Personal Information is otherwise required by law or contract, BidMachine will endeavor to comply with the law or contract.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the Third Parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. BidMachine does not share Personal Information with Third Parties for their own marketing purposes.
The last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on Jan 26, 2022.
Let's Work Together to Make your Business Scaling Up!
Fill the form and BidMachine manager will contact you soon
Thank You!
BidMachine manager will contact you soon.
Sub-policy 21
https://legal.loopme.com/privacy-center#contract-hyartvn1o:
LoopMe Privacy Notice
LoopMe Opt Out
Recruitment Privacy Notice
LoopMe Cookie Policy
LoopMe Privacy Notice
LoopMe Opt Out
Recruitment Privacy Notice
LoopMe Cookie Policy
Version 5.1 (Current)
Version 5.0
Version 4.0
Version 3.0
Version 2.0
Version 1.0
Download
LoopMe Privacy Notice
Updated on October 4, 2024
LoopMe Privacy Notice
LoopMe is committed to protecting consumer privacy and respecting your right to choice as it relates to advertising and the data used to help serve interest-based advertising.
This privacy notice (“Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Privacy Notice applies to LoopMe’s use of User’s personal information in connection with our services. You are a "User" when you visit a page of a website or app of one of LoopMe’s partners where LoopMe is serving interest based advertising.
1. Who we are and what we do
Who we are
LoopMe means LoopMe Limited (company number 07979184), a company registered in England and its affiliated subsidiaries (collectively, “LoopMe,” or “we“, “us“, “our“). We partner with publishers and marketers across the globe.
LoopMe is a member of the
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”)
and the
Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”)
(US) and adheres to the EDAA guiding principles. LoopMe was also awarded the
ePrivacy seal
for EU data protection, following an in-depth audit of the entirety of LoopMe’s business, products and third party commercial relationships against high technical and legal standards relating to GDPR and other applicable legislation.
ePrivacy
is a leading independent body specialising in European data protection and privacy.
LoopMe also follows the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles and is a member of the IAB (Internet Advertising Bureau) in the UK. LoopMe participates in the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework and complies with the Policies and Specifications of this framework. LoopMe’s identification number for this framework is Vendor Number 109. If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please get in touch using the details in the “
How to contact us"
section below.
What we do
LoopMe is an outcomes-based video platform closing the loop on brand advertising.
We work with a number of businesses helping advertisers to promote their products and services to interested audiences by connecting them with websites and apps with space to offer for advertising (these we refer to as publishers). LoopMe helps advertisers to deliver relevant online advertising to visitors (i.e., you) to publisher websites and apps.
At LoopMe, we understand the advertising technology ecosystem and its many acronyms may be complex to understand. To help, we have produced a glossary of the common industry terms, which can be found below:
Term
Definition
Ad Exchange
A technology platform that facilitates the buying and selling of Ad Inventory between Publishers and Advertisers through real time bidding (or RTB).
Ad Inventory
Refers to space for advertising that a Publisher has available on its websites and/or apps at any given time.
Ad Tech
A general term that refers to any technology used by the advertising industry that helps to improve media effectiveness and increase operational efficiencies. It can encompass a number of technology platforms, including Demand Side Platforms (DSPs), Data Management Platforms (DMPs), Supply Side Platforms (SSPs) and Ad Exchanges.
Ad Network
A technology platform that matches a Publisher’s supply of Ad Inventory with Advertisers wishing to display their Advertisements on such Ad Inventory. An Ad Network uses Programmatic Buying to facilitate this.
Advertiser
A brand, company or individual interested in opportunities to promote their service, product or brand by placing Advertisements on websites and/or apps audiences likely to be interested in their service, product or brand.
Advertisement (or Ad)
Refers to any form of audio, visual or textual form of information (creative) with the purpose of promoting a service, product or brand of Advertiser. Advertisements are displayed on Publisher websites and/or apps for certain fees and will typically contain links and prompts to redirect the user to the Advertiser’s website upon engaging with it.
Agency
Also referred to as an advertising agency, ad agency, or a "creative agency", is a business dedicated to creating, planning, and handling advertising and sometimes other forms of promotion and marketing for Advertiser clients.
Data Management Platform (or DMP)
A technology platform used for collecting and managing data. They also allow businesses to identify audience segments (interests of audiences) in turn used to target specific users and contexts with specific Advertisements.
Demand Side Platform (or DSP)
A technology platform that offers Advertisers (or their Agencies) a centralised interface to manage their buying of Ad Inventory through Open RTB.
First Party Data
Refers to data about an individual used by the party who collected it (brand, media company, etc.).
IDFA
The Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) is a random device identifier assigned by Apple to a user’s device. Advertisers use this to track data so that they can deliver customised advertising.
MAID
Mobile Advertising IDs (MAIDs) is a user specific, resettable identifier assigned to mobile devices which helps Advertisers deliver customised advertising to a particular user.
Open RTB
Also referred to as Real-Time Bidding (RTB), is an initiative sponsored by the IAB (the Interactive Advertising Bureau) which provides standards and technical specifications to facilitate the automated trading of digital media between buyers and sellers of Ad Inventory.
Programmatic Buying
Is the process of executing transparent planning and buying of Ad Inventory using automation. Agencies use Programmatic Buying on behalf of their Advertiser clients to increase marketing efficiency, helping them to get more out of media budgets.
Publisher
The owner of a website and/or app with Ad Inventory to sell to Advertisers.
Supply Side Platform (or SSP)
A technology platform that enables Publishers to offer their Ad Inventory for Ad Exchanges and Demand Side Platforms to bid on through Open RTB.
LoopMe plays multiple roles within the ecosystem - SSP, Ad Exchange, DSP and DMP. We have circled the different roles we may play below:
2. What information we collect and why
The information we collect broadly falls into the following categories:
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers (this is the numerical sequence of letters and numbers which LoopMe assign to each User which is unique to LoopMe)
IP address
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA).
Probabilistic identifiers included in the bid stream.
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, Connected TV ("CTV")/over the top "OTT" device)
Operating system of your device version, language, date and time
Network carrier information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL (e.g.,
www.publishersite.com
)
Browser Information (e.g. Safari or Chrome) usage.
App usage and browsing information from apps a User has installed on their device.
User Interactions (e.g., UUID 123 interacts with mainly content related to travel).
Geolocation information
Non-Precise Geolocation data: On web and web mobile, we collect non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user IP Address (e.g., a user lives in New York).
Location data: On mobile apps, we may collect your location on the publisher’s app (latitude / longitude) (subject to your consent where required).
Survey data
We may collect additional data that you submit to us directly via surveys created that we or our business partners ask you to complete. Where you chose to provide it, this may include sensitive personal information such as information about any health conditions you suffer from. Survey responses are recorded against Identifiers which we receive from our Open RTB partners in connection with showing our survey to you.
Inferred data
We may also infer or collect additional information about you based on what we or our partners collect (including through real time bid requests).
Privacy choices
We record your preferences regarding the processing of your data, based on the information you have received.
We collect this information from the following sources:
Automatically from your device.
We may automatically collect information from your device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT) when you visit websites or apps of advertisers and publishers that we work with. Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes set out below. For more information see what cookies and similar technologies we may use below.
Advertisers.
We may receive information (such as device identifiers) from our advertiser customers looking to target or reach specific devices with their advertisements.
Data provider partners.
Our trusted partners (such as MaxMind) provide us with information, in order to help us obtain a better understanding of your preferences. For a list of our trusted partners please
see here
.
Open RTB partners.
We receive information from advertising vendors participating in OpenRTB in connection with real time bids for advertising space / opportunities. Many of these partners are registered as Global Vendors under the IAB’s transparency and consent framework (“TCF”). For a detailed list of TCF Registered Global Vendors please see
here
.
We use this information we collect for the following purposes:
Use limited data to select advertising
– Advertising presented to you can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise geolocation, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Create a personalised advertising profile about you
– Information about your activity on a website or app (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on that or other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by us or other entities.
Use an advertising profile about you to select personalised advertising
– Advertising presented to you on a website or app can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on that or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Measure ad performance
- Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an ad has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources -
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Develop and improve our products
- Information about your activity on a website or app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve our products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
– Your data is used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the Publisher or the Advertiser may encounter in the delivery of ads and in your interaction with them.
Deliver and present advertising
– Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the ad to your device..
Additionally:
We preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes matters such as violations of our Terms and policies
We preserve and share information with others including law enforcement bodies and to respond to legal requests where not compelled by law.
We process information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others.
To achieve these purposes, we also do the following:
Link different devices
- In support of the above purposes, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
Match and combine data from other data sources
– Information about your activity on a website or app may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically -
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
Use precise geolocation data -
With your acceptance, your precise location (within a radius of less than 500 metres) may be used in support of the above purposes.
Actively scan device characteristics for identification
- With your acceptance, certain characteristics specific to your device might be requested and used to distinguish it from other devices (such as the installed fonts or plugins, the resolution of your screen) in support of the above purposes.
Interest inferences
- we may make inferences about your interests in order to categorise you as suitable for receiving certain types of ads.
3. What cookies and similar technologies we use in our services?
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect and use personal information about you:
Cookie based identification
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are created on your device through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to identify a User and store a randomly generated identifier to identify his or her browser across visits. LoopMe drops cookies if you are using a web or mobile browser in order to identify you as a unique User.
Advertiser Cookies
LoopMe uses cookies and other technologies for advertising, including serving and personalising ads based on users’ interests. Our ‘viewer_token’ advertising cookie is used for recording which adverts have been displayed on the page you visited and enables us to ensure you are not shown the same ads too many times. We can also use the data in this cookie to report on effectiveness of the ads for the advertiser. The viewer_token cookie is set to expire after 90 days.
Pixels
In addition to the above, certain LoopMe advertisers may implement the LoopMe pixel, their own pixels and or their partner’s pixels on their websites (collectively, the “Pixels”). Pixels are utilised for the purposes of providing analytics to advertisers with regards to the advertiser’s campaign (for example, to see how many users viewed the advertiser’s campaign). We require our advertisers to disclose the use of third-party pixels and/or cookies to end users via their website. As these cookies and/or pixels are added at the sole discretion of our advertisers you will be subject to that advertiser’s privacy notice and/or privacy policy.
4. Who we share your information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Group companies
supporting our services for business and operational purposes. These include LoopMe Inc, LoopMe Singapore Pte Ltd and LoopMe LLC.
Service providers
who provide data processing services to us or otherwise process personal information for purposes described in this Privacy Notice on our behalf. A list detailing some of these providers is provided
here
.
Third Party Partners
in the advertising ecosystem such as ad networks, data providers and other AdTech service providers. A list detailing some of the third party providers LoopMe works with and may share data with or receive data from please see this
link
.
Please note
, in very limited circumstances, LoopMe Limited’s US subsidiary LoopMe Inc.
acts as joint controller with LoopMe Ltd, e.g. transfers to US DSPs which have contracted with LoopMe Inc.
An actual or potential buyer
(and its agents and advisers) in connection with any actual or proposed business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, provided that your information is only used for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice.
Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory agency, government agency, court
or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
Anyone else with your consent.
5. Your rights
LoopMe Opt Out
You may opt out of receiving LoopMe’s personalised advertisements on your device or browser at any time via our Opt Out Page
here
.
Please note that, even though you have opted out of LoopMe:
You will still see advertisements delivered by LoopMe however, these will not be personalised. LoopMe will still use information about the Partner Site you are viewing (i.e., contextual information) to provide you advertisements on that page.
The opt out is cookie based and device/browser specific. If you browse the web from several devices and/or browsers, you will need to opt out from each device and/or browser.
Opting out of personalisation tracking is not the same as blocking cookies.
Alternative opt-out options
If you’d like to opt-out from having LoopMe use your web viewing data and other information for web-based interest based advertising purposes, the DAA and NAI provide websites where you can learn more about these practices and opt out of receiving targeted ads from our advertising partners who participate in the DAA or NAI programs. You can access these websites at
www.aboutads.info/choices
and at
www.networkadvertising.org/choices
. Residents of the EEA, UK and Switzerland may visit
www.youronlinechoices.com
. If you are located in Canada, you can access this information at
https://youradchoices.ca/choices/
.
If you are using a mobile device, you may be able to opt out of receiving interest-based ads by LoopMe based on app usage data, through your device settings. For additional information and up to date methods of opting out, you should consult your device settings, and instructions provided by device manufacturers. Additional information can be found at
www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/what-aremy-options
. Note, we provide the following descriptions solely for informational purposes.
Additional Rights (EEA and UK Users only) Territory Citizens
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or the UK, you have the following additional rights:
the right to request access to, correction of, updates to, or deletion of your personal information;
the right to object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your information;
where we process your personal information on the basis of consent, the right to withdraw your consent at any time;
the right to complain to a data protection authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority.
If you are in the UK, or the European Economic Areas, the controller of your data is LoopMe Limited. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you have any questions or would like to exercise any of these rights by contacting us at
privacy@loopme.com
6. Legal Basis for Processing (EEA and UK user only)
In the EEA or UK we must satisfy a "legal basis" for processing your information. Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the purpose for which we use it.
Consent
We process information for the purposes described below when you have given us your consent to do so. The categories of information used and why and how it’s processed are set out below:
Why and How we process your information
Information categories used
Create a personalised advertising profile about you – Information about your activity on a website or app (such as forms and survey responses you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on that or other websites or apps or responses to previous surveys) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by us or other entities.
Use an advertising profile about you to select personalised advertising – Advertising presented to you on a website or app can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on that or other websites or apps (like the forms and survey responses you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
Measure ad performance - Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an ad has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether you responded to a survey, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources - Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data and survey responses) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
Develop and improve our products - Information about your activity on a website or app, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve our products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
Use limited data to select advertising - Advertising presented to you can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise geolocation, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers
IP address
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA)
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT device)
Operating system of your device, version, language, date and time
Network carrier name and information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL Browser Information (e.g. Safari or Chrome) usage
App usage
User Interactions
Location information
Non-precise location information at the country, city, neighborhood or similar level that are derived from user IP Address
Survey data
Inferred data
Privacy choices
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA)
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT device)
Operating system of your device, version, language, date and time
Network carrier name and information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL
Browser Information (e.g. Safari or Chrome) usage
App usage
Geolocation information
Non-Precise Geolocation data: On web and web mobile, non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user
IP Address
Precise Geolocation data: On mobile apps, precise geolocation on the publisher’s app (latitude / longitude)
Privacy choices
Legitimate interests
We rely on our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third -party where they are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms ("legitimate interests"), as follows:
Why And How We Process Your Information
Legitimate Interests Relied On
Information Categories Used
We preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes matters such as violations of our Terms and policies.
Preserve and share information with others including law enforcement bodies and to respond to legal requests where not compelled by law.
Ensure security, prevent and  detect fraud, and fix errors - Your data is used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the Publisher or the Advertiser may encounter in the delivery of ads and in your interaction with them.
Deliver and present advertising - Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the ad to your device
Save and communicate privacy choices - The choices you make regarding the purposes and entities referenced in this Privacy Policy are saved and made available to those entities in the form of digital signals (such as a string of characters). This is necessary in order to enable both us and those entities to respect such choices.
It is in our interest and in the interest of the public to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity. It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes.
It is in our interest to protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm.Relevant law enforcement, government, authorities and industry partners have a legitimate interest in investigating and combating abusive or illegal behaviour.
It is in our interest and in the interest of the public to prevent and address fraud, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.
It is in our interest, as an advertising platform, to process data for the technical purpose of delivering ads and content.
It is in our interest, as an advertising platform, to understand the choices you have made about how we can use your data so that we can respect them, and to share details of these choices with other entities that we partner with to help show you ads, so that they can do the same.
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA)
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT device)
Operating system of your device, version, language, date and time
Network carrier name and information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL
Browser Information (e.g. Safari or Chrome) usage.
App usage
User Interactions.
Geolocation information
Non-Precise Geolocation data:
On web and web mobile, non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user IP
Address
Precise Geolocation data: On  mobile apps, your precise Geo Location on the publisher’s app (latitude / longitude)
Survey data
Inferred data
Privacy choices
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA)
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT device)
Operating system of your device, version, language, date and time
Network carrier name and information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL
rowser Information (e.g. Safari
or Chrome) usage.
App usage and browsing information from apps a User has installed on their device.
User Interactions.
Geolocation information
Non-Precise Geolocation data: On web and web mobile., non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user IP Address
Precise Geolocation data: On mobile apps, your precise Geo Location on the publisher’s app (latitude / longitude) (subject to your consent where required.
Privacy choices
You have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, this processing. To exercise your rights, please see section 5 of this Privacy Policy.
Compliance With A Legal Obligation
Why And How We Process Your Information
Information Categories Used
The actual information used depends on the specific legal obligation, but could include any of the following:
We process information when we comply with a legal obligation including, for example, to access, preserve or disclose certain information if there is a valid legal request from a regulator, law enforcement or others.
Examples of laws that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to process information we hold about you are:
Corporate and taxation matters: to comply with our obligations under companies legislation and tax law.
Regulatory matters: to comply with our obligations to engage with regulators, such as data protection regulators.
Court Matters: a court order may require us to process or disclose personal data for a particular purpose.
Criminal matters: to comply with requests from applicable enforcement bodies to provide information in relation to a criminal investigation, as required by applicable law.
The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be processed. This may include:
Identifiers
LoopMe online identifiers
Advertising identifiers (e.g., such as Apple's IDFA or Google's AAID)
Information about the application where the advertising space is located (e.g. application name or IDFA)
Information about your device
Type of device (e.g. smartphone, laptop, CTV/OTT device)
Operating system of your device, version, language, date and time
Network carrier name and information (e.g. Wifi, 4G or Wired connection)
Browsing events
Page or app URL Browser Information (e.g. Safari or Chrome) usage.
App usage and browsing information from apps a
User has installed on their device.
User Interactions.
Geolocation information
Non-Precise Geolocation data: On web and web mobile, non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user IP Address
Precise Geolocation data: On mobile apps, your precise Geo Location on the publisher’s app (latitude / longitude)
Survey data
Inferred data
Privacy choices
7. How we keep personal information secure
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
8. International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our primary servers are located in Germany, and our Group Companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (and UK equivalent) for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA or the UK in accordance with European Union and/or UK data protection law. As mentioned above in Section 4, in very limited circumstances, LoopMe Limited’s US subsidiary LoopMe Inc. acts as joint controller with LoopMe Ltd, e.g. transfers to US DSPs which have contracted with LoopMe Inc.
9. Data retention
LoopMe retains personal information based on how long the specific data is required for legal or business purposes. LoopMe deletes all event level data (ad views, clicks etc.) after 13 months. User profiles (against which the event level data is stored) are classified as active or dormant. If a profile has had an event within the last 60 days it will be classed as Active. If there has been no event data the profile will become Dormant after 60 days. Dormant profiles are deleted where there has been no activity on the profile for a period of 13 months.
When we no longer need personal data, we securely delete or anonymise it, or if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives) then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Aggregated data, which cannot identify a device/browser (or individual) and is used for purposes of reporting and analysis, is maintained for as long as commercially necessary.
If you have any questions about LoopMe's data retention policy, please do get in touch using the contact information in Section 12 (How to Contact Us).
10. Children
None of our services are directed to children under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal data from anyone under 16 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a personal data belongs to an individual under 16, we will not use or maintain his/her personal data. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal data from a child under the age of 16, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
11. U.S. Privacy Rights
Certain states have enacted privacy laws that grant their residents certain privacy rights and require specific disclosures (“State Privacy Laws”). If you live in one of these states below, this section applies to you and explains those rights and provides those disclosures.
States with Privacy Laws
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Oregon, Montana, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Delaware, Iowa, Nebraska, New Hampshire, and New Jersey.
Your privacy rights.
As a resident of a state with a consumer privacy law, you have the rights listed below.
Opt-Out of Sales, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising. You have the right to opt out of any practices that entail the “sale,” “share,” or use of your personal information for “targeted advertising” purposes as such terms are defined by the law in the state where you live.
Access. You may request a copy of the Personal Information that we hold about you.
Deletion. You may ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
Correction. You may ask that we correct the Personal Information that we hold about you if it is inaccurate.
Consent withdrawal / right to limit. You may ask that we limit our use of any potentially “sensitive” data we may collect.
Nondiscrimination. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. We will not penalise you for exercising your rights.
How to Opt out of Sales, Shares, Targeted Advertising, and Use of Sensitive Data for Advertising Purposes
We use the data we collect, including any sensitive data, to show ads that are more relevant to your interests, and we may provide information to others for such purposes. These activities may constitute “selling,” “sharing,” processing personal information for targeted advertising purposes, or use of your sensitive data in a manner that allows you to withdraw consent or ask us to "limit use" of such data under relevant state laws. You may opt out of these practices by clicking
here
and following instructions or by visiting our services with a legally recognized opt out preference signal, like Global Privacy Control, enabled.
How to exercise your right to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
You may request to access, correct, or delete your data by emailing
privacy@loopme.com
.
We may ask for additional information in order to verify your request.
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
privacy@loopme.com
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
If you reside in California:
If you have any issues exercising your rights, you may also call us toll free at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT and enter service code 815#.
You may also designate an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf. We may ask authorized agents to submit proof of their authority to make a request, such as a valid power of attorney or proof that they have signed permission from the consumer who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may contact the individual who is the subject of the request to verify their own identity or confirm the authorized agent has permission to submit the request. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make an access, correction, or deletion request on behalf of a California resident, please contact us at privacy@loopme.com.
You can read about the number of consumer requests we have received and how we responded to them below.
Reporting Requirements - California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Metrics Report
Between July 2023 to July 2024, LoopMe processed the following requests to delete, to know, to access, to opt-out of sale or sharing, or to limit the use of a consumer’s personal information, globally:
Requests received during the previous calendar year*
0: Access Requests received
1: Deletion Requests received
1: Deletion Requests complied with in whole or in part
0: Requests denied during the previous calendar year
7: Median number of days to respond to requests
7: Mean number of days to respond to requests
0: Number of requests in which deletion was not required in whole, or in part
When we get an opt-out request from an individual, we delete all of the individual’s data and therefore have not distinguished between these request types.
*The following requests do NOT form part of our reporting:
1.  LoopMe provides Consumers the ability to opt out of any “sales” or “shares” of their personal data via a web cookie-based opt out tool and a Device ID opt out tool. When a Consumer uses these tools, LoopMe deletes the identifier that we otherwise use to engage in these practices. In line with our data minimization policies, we did not record how many people exercised this choice in the previous calendar year. In light of new legal requirements, LoopMe is now working to include this additional reporting.
2.
Incomplete Requests
: We can only process requests where we have all of the required information. For example, we cannot action requests if only the name and/or email of an individual are provided because we do not process that data. In each such case, we responded to the requestor asking for further information required to process the request, and could only process such request where the required additional information was provided.
Additional Disclosures
Preceding sections of this Privacy Policy explain how we collect, use, and disclose information about you. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, we use the chart below to summarise this same information. The chart describes our practices during the 12 months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy.
LoopMeUser Type
Statutory category of personal information (PI) click here for details
Source of the PI
Purpose for collection
How we may share, disclose or “sell” information.
End users who visit websites where our technology is used or who fill out our surveys
Identifiers
Online Identifiers
Location Data
Inferences
Internet or Network Activity Information
Users
Advertisers
Data provider partners
Open RTB partners
See “
what information we collect and why
”
section above
We may disclose or make available your Personal Information to our trusted partners for the purposes described in this policy.
We also collect any information you choose to provide in response to a LoopMe survey, including any sensitive information you choose to provide (such as information about information about any health conditions from which you suffer) and you can withdraw consent from such processing or exercise your right to limit as described above.
12. How to contact us
If you have any questions, comments and requests regarding our use of your personal information or
this Privacy Notice please feel free to contact us / our data protection officer at
privacy@loopme.com
.
Sub-policy 22
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 23
https://mobilefuse.com/privacy-policy:
MOBILE
FUSE
Privacy Policy
MobileFuse Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 06/04/2024
MobileFuse LLC and its affiliates (
“MobileFuse,” “we,” “our,”
or
“us”
) engages with companies, such as app publishers and app developers (“
Client(s)
”), to serve ads on their digital properties through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the personal information that we gather on the subdomains and websites of
https://mobilefuse.com/
(“
Sites
”), or that we collect when you contact us directly to become a Client or that we collect directly through our Client's use of our advertising solutions (“
Services
”).
Please click the following links to learn more about our Privacy Policy:
About Us
What Personal Information Do We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Personal Information
Online Advertising & Cookies
Do-Not-Track Signals
Control Over Your Information
Your Opt-Out Choices
Children
Information Retention and Security
Third Party Websites and Services
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Region-Specific Disclosures
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
1.
About Us
MobileFuse obtains information from various entities. These entities are defined below by what they are referred to in this Privacy Policy and when their information is collected. Entities may overlap and are not exclusive categories.
Website Visitors:
When you visit our Sites or use the Sites to contact us directly for information.
Clients:
When you provide us information to engage our Services.
End Users:
When we collect and process information from individuals on behalf of our Clients.
Service Providers:
When you become a service provider to MobileFuse.
Employees and Applicants:
Through the MobileFuse candidacy process.
The use of “
you
” and “
your
” throughout this Privacy Policy will, depending on the context, refer to a MobileFuse Website Visitor, Client, or End User.
In providing our Services, Clients may collect data in our products and services, or we may collect data on their behalf, which may include personal information or data about End Users (“
User Information
”). Our Clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “
Digital Media Properties
”).
MobileFuse as a Data Controller:
For purposes of data protection laws, MobileFuse is the “data controller” (or similar term under applicable laws) and is generally responsible for and controls the processing of your personal information (i) when you visit our websites; (ii) when you sign up for and use our Services, or (iii) when we use personal information for targeted advertising, cross-contextual behavioral advertising, or creating or supplementing user profiles for such purposes, and that personal information does not include a restricted processing signal.
MobileFuse as a Data Processor:
MobileFuse acts as a “data processor” (or similar term under applicable laws), when we process User Information on behalf and under the instruction of the respective Client, who is the data controller. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. MobileFuse is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.
MobileFuse participates in the IAB Europe and IAB Canada Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. MobileFuse’s identification number within the framework is 909.
MobileFuse adheres to IAB CCPA Compliance Framework for Publishers & Technology Companies found here:
https://www.iab.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/IAB_CCPA-Compliance-Framework-for-Publishers-Technology-Companies.pdf
.
2.
What Personal Information Do We Collect
Information You Give Us.
You may give us information by signing up for an online account, entering information through our online forms or surveys, inputting information while using our Services, or contacting us by phone or email for information or Client Services.
The categories of information include:
Identifiers
, such as real name, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code
, such as name, address, telephone number, education, employment, or employment history.
Commercial information
, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information
, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
, such as approximate location data generated based on your IP address or other information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information
, such as the business or organization you represent, your title with that business or organization, and information relating to your role with the business or organization, job application information, and other details contained in your resume.
Education information.
Inferences
drawn from the above categories of information.
User Information Collected on Behalf of Clients.
When you view an advertisement distributed through MobileFuse on a site, app, or other digital media, we may collect information on you, your device, and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. MobileFuse may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. User Information we may collect includes:
(a)
Device identifiers
. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b)
Location information
, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c)
Network information
, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of Wi-Fi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d)
Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK)
, including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
(e)
Other information
about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
(f)
Advertisement information
. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g., games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g., whether the ad is a text, image, video, or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g., the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked, or otherwise interacted with the ad
(g)
Survey information
. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
User Information Received from Clients.
In the context of our Services, our Clients, partners, or Service Providers may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal User Information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites, or services so that we can effectively provide our Services.
We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
3.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
To provide you with our Sites and Services, which includes:
- maintaining and servicing accounts,
- providing Services to Clients,
- processing and fulfilling orders and transactions,
- verifying Client information,
- processing payments,
- providing financing, and
- providing advertising or marketing services to you.
To provide analytic services, such as analyzing Client usage and improving services offered.
To conduct market research and project planning.
To detect security incidents, protect against fraudulent or other criminal activity, debug and repair errors, and maintain the overall quality and safety of our Sites.
To share your website visitor activity, through website cookies, with third-party marketing partners to market our services on our Sites and other websites that you may visit.
To fulfill our legal and financial obligations.
To provide you with employment opportunities.
Marketing.
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send, or you can contact us using the contact details provided in the “Contact Information” section below. You will still continue to receive service-related messages concerning products and services you have purchased (unless we have indicated otherwise).
User Information on Behalf of Clients.
Our clients use User Information to buy and sell advertising space for display on publishers' websites, mobile applications, and other digital media properties (which we collectively refer to as “Digital Media Properties”). Our clients use information we collect on their behalf, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected, to deliver End users targeted advertising that the Client(s) believe will be of particular interest to those End Users. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's (“NAI”) educational page at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
.
We also use User Information on behalf of Clients for other legitimate business interests, including to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, or locations.
For remarketing or retargeting on behalf of Clients (i.e., to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with).
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective.
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers with reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or Service Providers whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to End Users across multiple mobile devices, including over-the-top applications and smart televisions.
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times.
Build custom audience segments to enable Clients and partners to better target their advertisements and offers to End Users.
Improve our Services and assist Clients and partners in improving their products and services.
Detect, deter, and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems.
Process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are Clients and/or marketer Service Providers.
4.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Privacy Policy as follows:
Clients.
We share User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers' Digital Media Properties. Clients may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you.
Business Transfers.
We may share personal information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy.
Vital interest, legal rights, and compliance with laws.
We may share personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including:
to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;
to protect the rights and property of MobileFuse, our agents, Clients, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/or
to protect the safety of our employees and agents, our Clients, or any person.
Vendors, partners and other Service Providers.
We may share personal information with our vendors, partners, and other Service Providers who perform functions on our or our clients' behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, fraud prevention, hosting data, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services.
Aggregated Data.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip information of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties or publish it. We reserve the right to make use of any such aggregated data as we see fit.
5.
Online Advertising & Cookies
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. You can view our Cookie Policy
here
.
6.
Do-Not-Track Signals
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not recognize or respond to browser initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
7.
Control Over Your Information
Email Communications.
From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Services, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices).
Modifying Account Information.
If you have a MobileFuse service account with us, you can modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information). Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information, you may send your request to us by messaging support through your MobileFuse account. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request.
8.
Your Opt-Out Choices
MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our Clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information for targeted or personalized advertising.
There are several ways to opt out of receiving targeted advertising our clients may initiate using our technology. Note that different devices use different identifiers and different technologies, so that you must opt out separately from each browser and each device that you would like to be opted out. If you opt out of targeted advertising, we will no longer collect User Information described above from the opted-out device.
Device-Based.
Your device should give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests (see “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” under your settings menu on Android devices or “Limit Ad Tracking” under your settings menu on iOS devices).
App-Based.
You may stop the collection of location information by particular apps or from your device as a whole at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. For more information on how to change your preferences, please see
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Submission-Based.
When we are acting as a data processor for our Clients, our Clients are responsible for satisfying disclosure and consent requirements under applicable data protection laws. However, if you want to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information for interested-based advertising, we can assist you. Please follow the steps below.
Step 1: Locate Your Digital Identifiers
For us to locate relevant records, we will need you to provide us with your digital identifiers. You can find your digital identifiers as follows:
Mobile Devices and other Internet Connected Devices
Certain mobile devices (for example, mobile phones or tablets using the iOS or Android operating systems) generate a persistent “Advertising Identifier” per device, which, among other things, can be used by third parties, like MobileFuse, for purposes of providing you with targeted advertising.
On iOS devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “IDFA,” “IFA,” or an “ID for Advertising.” On Android devices, your Advertising Identifier may be referred to as an “Advertising ID.” Please follow instructions from your mobile device manufacturer on how to locate your specific Advertising Identifier.  The following link may also help you
http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice
.
Step 2: Verify Your Digital Identifiers
To make sure that we are responding to the correct person, we also will need some supporting proof to demonstrate that the devices that have the digital identifiers you located in Step 1 are yours and that the information you are requesting relates to you. For digital identifiers located on a mobile device, please take a screenshot of the screen that displays the digital identifier.
We may also request that you respond to a few questions, so that we can appropriately verify your identity. Doing this helps us to validate that you have access to the device on which the digital identifiers have been placed (and that you are not an unauthorized third party attempting to “guess” digital identifiers).
Step 3: Submit to MobileFuse
Once you have located your digital identifiers and can provide us with verification (screenshots) of those digital identifiers, please contact us with details of the rights you wish to exercise. The easiest way to do so would be to submit the relevant information to our privacy email at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
. We request the following information:
Your full name.
The state and country in which you are located at the time you are making your request.
A clear statement indicating that you would like to opt out of interest-based advertising.
A full list of your digital identifiers with screenshots as set forth in Step 2 above.
9.
Children
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16. If an individual is under the age of 16, they should not use our Services or otherwise provide us with any personal information either directly or by other means. If a child under the age of 16 has provided personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. If we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that personal information.
10.
Information Retention and Security
We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as Unique Device ID, IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports.
In some cases, we may keep some of the User Information for longer periods of time where required under certain laws or to comply with law enforcement or regulatory requests – for example, those relating to corporate governance, taxation, money laundering and financial reporting legislation.
We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note that no transmission or storage of information, however, can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents.
11.
Third Party Websites and Services
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
12.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure you are familiar with the most current version.
13.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact MobileFuse's Privacy Team by e-mail at
compliance@mobilefuse.com
or by mail using the details provided below:
MobileFuse LLC
Attn: Compliance Team
PO Box 37
Stirling, NJ 07980
USA
14.
Region-Specific Disclosures
This Privacy Policy is designed to apply to our website visitors, users of our Services, and other companies and users on a global basis. Please refer below for additional disclosures that may be applicable to you.
14.1
Additional Disclosures for Certain U.S. Residents
Several jurisdictions grant state residents certain rights and disclosures in relation to their personal information. We provide the following information to further help you understand your potential privacy rights. If you would like to exercise any right or inquire as to whether such rights are available to you, please contact us using the information in the Contact Us section.
Request for Information or Deletion.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to know whether we are processing your personal information, and in some instances, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the categories listed below for the preceding 12 months. We have the right to request verification of your identity for all requests for information. In responding to this right, we shall provide to you:
The categories of personal information we collect about you.
The categories of sources from which your personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, selling, sharing, or disclosing your personal information, and the categories of personal information disclosed for such purpose(s).
The categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information.
The categories of personal information we have sold, if any, about you and the categories of third parties to whom your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the personal information was sold.
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
In addition, you may have the right to request we delete your personal information.
Request for Correction.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to request the correction or rectification of inaccurate information in the resident’s personal information.
Request for Portable Data.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive, in certain circumstances, a portable format of their personal information that allows the data to be transmitted to another entity.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of the consumer’s personal information. MobileFuse does not sell or share the personal information we collect and use as a controller, but our clients may use our technology to sell or share personal information. If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes, you may do so by following the instructions under
Your Opt-Out Choices
section above.
Limiting the Use of Sensitive Personal Information.
Residents of California have the right to direct us to use or disclose sensitive personal information only for providing goods or services, or as otherwise minimally permitted under applicable law. However, we do not collect sensitive personal information for any purpose.
Third Party Marketing.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 may permit you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
Automated Processing & Profiling.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to opt out of the processing of personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer.
Right to Equal Service & Price.
Residents of certain U.S. states have the right to receive equal service and price, even if you exercise a privacy right.
Verification Process for Exercising Rights.
To protect our consumers’ privacy, we verify privacy rights requests to ensure that only you (or your authorized agent) can exercise rights pertaining to your personal information. As part of our verification process, we may request you to submit additional information.
If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a state resident, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request.
Appeal Process.
If we do not decide to act in response to your request to exercise a right, we will provide a timely response detailing the reasons for not taking the action and, depending on your jurisdiction, any rights that you may have to appeal our decision.
14.2
Additional Disclosures for the European Economic Area and United Kingdom
When we use the term “personal information” in this section, we mean information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Lawful Bases for Processing (EEA and UK Individuals).
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA) or United Kingdom (UK), our legal bases for collecting and using your personal information is as follows:
The performance of your contract or to enter the contract and to take action on your requests. For example, the processing of your account registration.
Our legitimate business interests. For example, fraud prevention, maintaining the security of our network and services, direct marketing to you, and improvement of our services.
Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation. For example, accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to mandatory retention periods. We may also collect your personal information to record your requests to exercise your rights and to verify your identity for such requests.
Consent you provide where we do not rely on another legal basis. Consent may be withdrawn at any time.
In some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet law enforcement requirements.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
EEA or UK Individuals’ Rights
. If you are from the EEA or UK, you have the right, under certain circumstances, to:
Access your personal information;
Correct inaccurate information in your personal information;
Request erasure of your personal information without undue delay;
Request restriction of, in certain circumstances, the processing of your personal information;
Request receiving a portable copy of your personal information held by us, and to have that portable copy transmitted to another controller; and
To object to the processing of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us using the contact details provided in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy, and please specify which privacy right(s) you wish to exercise. We may need to verify your identity to honor your request.
International Transfers of Data.
The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside the EEA, UK and Switzerland in countries where we and our third-party service providers have operations, including in the United States.
In the event of such a transfer by us, we ensure that: (i) the personal information is transferred to countries recognized as offering an equivalent level of protection; or (ii) the transfer is made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out under the “Contact Us” section of the Privacy Policy.
Right to Lodge a Complaint.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the opportunity to first address your concerns and would welcome you directing an inquiry to us via the contact information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Our Data Protection Officer.
As part of our commitment to protecting your personal information, we have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) monitor compliance and provide advice. Our DPO’s contact information is
dpo@mobilefuse.com
.
PO BOX 37
STIRLING, NJ 07980
MOBILEFUSE, LLC | © 2025
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
PRIVACY & OPT-OUT
ADVERTISERS
PUBLISHERS
PROGRAMMATIC BUYERS
CREATIVE SHOWCASE
SUSTAINABILITY
NEWS
CAREERS
CONTACT
DEVELOPER
ABOUT US
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners in the United States. Select the types of cookies we can use.
Cookies policy
All
Essential
Sub-policy 24
https://www.moloco.com/privacy-policy:
New insights!
Unlock global growth with Beyond Borders: Mobile Gaming Insights for Global Growth.
ACCESS FREE REPORT
Products
products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
SOLUTIONS
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailers/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Solutions
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailers/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Moloco Streaming
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
Resources
resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Contact us
Join us as Moloco takes the stage for Advertising Week NYC 2024, Oct 7-10
English
한국어
简体中文
日本語
Français
Deutsch
Products
Grow your users through performance advertising
Moloco Ads (Moloco Cloud DSP)
Monetize your commerce platform
Moloco Commerce Media (Retail Media Platform)
Launch a full-funnel advertising business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Solutions
For Mobile App Marketers
For Agency Partners
For Commerce Platforms
For Streaming Platforms
Solutions
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Commerce Media
Turn online retail and marketplaces into a thriving ads business
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ad platform
Solutions
For Marketers
Moloco Ads - Grow your app on the open internet
For Publishers
Moloco SDK - Maximize your app's revenue
For Retailer/Marketplaces
Moloco Commerce Media - Build your own performance ads business
For Streaming Platforms
Moloco Streaming Monetization - Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Solutions
Back
Moloco Ads
Grow your app on the open internet
Moloco Ads for Agencies
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Moloco Ads Help Center
Back
Moloco SDK
Maximize your app's revenue
Case studies, blogs, reports
Moloco SDK Help Center
Back
Moloco Commerce Media
Build your own performance ads business
Case studies, blogs, reports
Commerce Media GrowthU+
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Back
Moloco Streaming Monetization
Future-proof your streaming ads platform
Case studies, blogs, reports
For Marketers
For Publishers
For Retailer/Marketplaces
For Streaming Platforms
Resources
Blog
Reports
Case Studies
Events
Moloco Help Center
Moloco Ads Developer Hub
Commerce Media Developer Hub
Commerce Media GrowthU
Company
About Moloco
Careers
Newsroom
Contact us
Effective Date: February 27, 2025
Moloco's privacy policy
Moloco Inc Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by Moloco Inc. (“Moloco,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) through our website
https://www.moloco.com/
and related Moloco offerings. To make this Privacy Notice easier to read, our website and related offerings are collectively called the “Services.”
An Important Note: Except as otherwise stated, this Privacy Notice does not apply to any of the personal information that Moloco’s products or services process, including Moloco’s demand-side platform offering. For details about the personal information Moloco processes via its demand-side platform, please visit the Moloco
Demand-Side Platform Privacy Notice
.
Personal information we collect
The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services.
‍
Information you provide to us:
‍
‍
Account information.
If you create an account with Moloco, we will collect personal information such as your name and email address in order to provision your account.
‍
‍
Your communications with us
. We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about or a demo of our products and services, sign up for marketing from us, register for our newsletter, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us.
‍
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include personal information.
Interactive features
. We may offer interactive features such as blogs and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide on the public sections of these features will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes.
Conferences, trade shows, and other events.
We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Moloco. If you provide us with any information at one of these events, we will use it for the purposes for which it was collected.
Business development and strategic partnerships.
We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities.
‍
Job applications.
We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment with Moloco.
‍
Information collected automatically
Automatic data collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, mobile carrier, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Services.
Cookies, pixel tags/web beacons, and analytics information.
We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your device that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services.
Cookies
. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers to store their preferences. Most browsers allow you to block and delete cookies. However, if you do that, the Services may not work properly.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons
. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in the Services that collects information about engagement on the Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
Analytics
. We may process analytics information on our Services, including through the use of Technologies.
For more information about our use of cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
‍
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from third party services and organizations.
How we use your information
We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
To Provide the Services or Information Requested, such as:
Fulfilling our contract with you;
Responding to questions, comments, and other requests;
Allowing you to register for events;
Providing access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Services; and
Answering requests for customer or technical support.
Administrative Purposes, such as:
Pursuing legitimate interests, such as direct marketing, research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention;
Measuring interest and engagement in our Services;
Improving the Services;
Developing new products and services;
Ensuring internal quality control and safety;
Authenticating and verifying individual identities;
Carrying out audits;
Communicating with you about your account, activities on our Services and Privacy Notice changes;
Preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities;
Enforcing our agreements; and
Complying with our legal obligations.
Marketing our products and services.
We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law.
If you have any questions about our marketing practices or if you would like to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes, you may contact us at any time as set forth below.
Consent
. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent.
How we use cookies and other technologies
. For more information about how we use cookies and other Technologies, please visit our
Cookie Policy
.
Use of de-identified and aggregated information
. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use and disclose such information in a number of ways, including research, internal analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes.
Share content with friends or colleagues
. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities. For example, we may allow you to provide information about your friends through our referral services. Our referral services may allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services.
Disclosing your information to third parties
We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Moloco customers.
If you access our Services as an authorized user of one of Moloco’s customers, the Moloco customer may access information associated with your use of the Services including usage data and the contents of the communications and files associated with your account. Your personal information may also be subject to the Moloco customer’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the Moloco customer’s processing of your personal information.
Service providers.
We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services.
Business partners.
We may provide personal information to business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
Affiliates.
We may share personal information with Moloco’s affiliated entities.
Advertising partners.
Through our Services, we may allow third party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions in our
Cookie Policy
.
Disclosures to protect us or others.
We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity.
Disclosure in the event of merger, sale, or other asset transfer.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
International data transfers
All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws.
Your choices
General.
You may be able to opt out of certain uses of your personal information.
Email communications.
If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Notice).
“Do Not Track”.
Do Not Track (“
DNT
”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
Your privacy rights
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: (i) request confirmation of whether we are processing your personal information; (ii) obtain access to or a copy of your personal information; (iii) receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); (iv) object to or restrict our uses of your personal information; (v) seek correction or amendment of inaccurate, untrue, incomplete, or improperly processed personal information; (vi) withdraw your consent; and (vii) request erasure of personal information held about you by us, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth below.
We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request.
Data retention
We store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws.
SUPPLEMENTAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
This Supplemental California Privacy Notice only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“
CCPA
”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Moloco has collected about them and whether Moloco disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of personal information collected by Moloco
Identifiers
Personal information categories listed in Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)
Commercial information
Internet or other electronic network activity
Professional or employment-related information
Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer
Categories of third parties personal information is disclosed to for a business purpose
Service providers
Advertising networks
The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth above.
“Sales” of personal information under the CCPA
For purposes of the CCPA, Moloco does not “sell” personal information, nor do we have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Additional privacy rights for California residents
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth below.
Verification
. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include confirming the email address associated with any personal information we have about you.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
Security of your information
We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
Third party websites/applications
The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third party websites or applications is at your own risk.
Children's information
The Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us as set forth below. If we learn that we have collected a child’s personal information in violation of applicable law, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
If you are located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or if you wish to submit a request to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Group
Moloco Inc.
601 Marshall St, 5th Floor
Redwood City, CA 94063
privacy@moloco.com
UK GDPR Representative: Moloco UK Limited, with registered address No.1 London Bridge, London, SE1 9BG
‍
EU GDPR Representative: Moloco Germany GmbH, with registered address Am Zirkus 2, 10117 Berlin
‍
‍
‍
‍
Sub-policy 25
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/:
Contact Us
Home
About
Docs
Login
Privacy Policy
A feeling You have never experienced before. Get hold of a future technology now
With this privacy policy we, Verve Group Europe GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin Germany (hereinafter „PubNative“ or “we”) would like to inform you about our use of personal data when you visit our website. We realize the importance of protecting the personal data of
users and therefore adhere to the applicable data protection laws.
Controller / Contact
The controller responsible for the collection, use, and processing of your personal data within the meaning of Art. 4 no. 7 GDPR is:
Verve Group Europe GmbH
Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32
10178 Berlin Germany
Should you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us. You are welcome to direct your data protection concerns to our data protection officer by sending an e-mail to
datenschutz@pubnative.net
. Our full contact details are available
here.
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg, Germany
Personal Data
Personal data means any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual. They include particularly all information making it possible to conclude your identity, such as your name, your address, your phone number, and your e-mail address.
Accessing our website – log files
If you visit our website, your internet browser automatically transfers log information to our server, which is stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The log files include the following data:
–
URL of the referring website
–
Date and time of a request
–
IP address of the accessing computer
–
Volume of data transmitted, browser type and its version
–
Information about whether the processing request was successful
It is technically necessary to process this data to
enable you to use the website
and to ensure the long-term functionality, availability, and security of our systems. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. This data is stored by us only for technical reasons and will, at no time, be assigned to an individual person.
Contact Us
There are various ways for you to get in touch with us. These include contact by e-mail via the address on the contact page or via the “Contact Us” section on our website. In this instance, we shall collect the data you transmit to us for the purposes of processing your inquiry. This includes your name, company, country, e-mail address, subject matter, etc. The legal basis is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Data collected for this purpose will be deleted after the need for its storage ceases to exist, or, if there are legal obligations to store it, we shall limit the processing.
Newsletter
You have the opportunity to subscribe to our PubNative newsletter, which informs you about news from PubNative on a regular basis. To receive the newsletter via e-mail, you can sign up on our website. When registering for the newsletter, we ask you to provide your e-mail address so that we can send you the respective newsletter and, in order to address you personally, your name. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. A corresponding unsubscribe link can be found in every e-mail. It is of course also sufficient if you notify us using the contact details provided above. The legal basis of the data processing in connection with registering for the PubNative newsletter is your consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR.
We use the US provider “MailChimp” for sending and managing our newsletters. MailChimp is provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC, 512 Means Street, Suite 404 Atlanta, GA 30318 (“MailChimp”). MailChimp offers a well-thought-out and technically convincing software solution and the provider is reliable as a security-conscious and responsible company. It is certified under the
EU-US Privacy Shield
and is thus committed to complying with European data protection regulations. With regard to the data protection regulations applicable in the USA, which deviate from European requirements, we have concluded an additional agreement with the provider which ensures that the data of our users will only be processed on our behalf and, in particular, will not be passed on to third parties. We will transmit the data concerning your registration for the newsletter to MailChimp, which will store it for as long as you remain registered for the newsletter.
In our newsletters, we use market-standard technologies to allow us to measure interactions with the email (e.g. opening of the email, which links are clicked on). We use this data for general statistical evaluations as well as to optimize and further develop our content and customer communication. This is done with the help of small graphics (pixels) embedded in the emails. The data is collected in pseudonymous form only and not linked to your other personal data. The legal basis for this is our aforementioned legitimate interest pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. With our newsletters, our aim is to share content that is as relevant as possible for our users and to better understand what the readers are actually interested in. If you do not want your usage behavior to be analyzed in this way, you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time or disable the display of graphics in your email client by default.
Applying to PubNative
6.1
Online application form
.
You can apply to us for advertised vacancies using our online form. The purpose of data collection here is the selection of applicants for potential employment at PubNative or one of the HitFox Group portfolio companies. In order to receive and process your application, we collect the following applicant data: first and last name, email address, telephone number, citizenship and application documents (such as a resume). You may also provide us with additional information that you may want us to consider when you apply (e.g. your salary expectations, availability or additional documents). We will check your application and contact you if necessary, in particular, to make appointments or to clarify any questions.
If you apply for a position at PubNative, in principle we will not pass on your applicant data to third parties, unless you explicitly agree that your application can also be considered by the HitfFox Group portfolio companies.
The legal basis for the processing of your applicant data is Art. 6 (1) (b) and Art. 88 (1) GDPR in conjunction with Section 26 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We store your applicant data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and subsequently employ you, we will store your applicant data for as long as the data is necessary for your employment and as far as we are legally required to retain it. If we reject your application, we will store your applicant data for a maximum of six months after rejection of your application, unless you give us your consent to longer storage (PubNative talent pool). The data will be deleted automatically after this period. This also applies to applicant data stored by one of the ventures in our portfolio as part of the application process.
6.2
PubNative talent pool
If you consent to become part of our talent pool, we will store the data you submitted for your application in our PubNative talent pool for a further 24 months. This will allow us to identify any further jobs at PubNative or the HitFox Group portfolio companies, which may be of interest to you and, if necessary, to contact you again using the stored contact details. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by emailing us at
jobs@pubnative.com
.
6.3
Recruitee
For the recruitment process, PubNative is using the services of Recruitee B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 763, (1066 VH) Amsterdam, the Netherlands (“Recruitee”). Recruitee is a web service implemented on the PubNative website. Applicant data is stored by Recruitee on our behalf. The data is transferred in encrypted form and stored in data centers in Europe. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Recruitee pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, which ensures that Recruitee processes the data exclusively in accordance with our instructions and guarantees the upholding of European data protection principles. We kindly ask for your understanding that due to data privacy reasons we can’t process applications received outside of Recruitee. Further information about data protection at Recruitee can be found in
Recruitee’s privacy policy
.
Social Networks
Our website also uses plugins from various social networks.
These plugins allow you, for example, to share or recommend blog articles. Integrating the plugins allows the social networks to receive the information that you have called up the relevant page of our website and can collect your device and access data. If you are logged into the social network, the latter may also assign the visit to your account with the relevant social network. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking the Facebook “share” button or making a comment, the corresponding information will be transmitted by your browser directly to the social network and stored there. Even if you are not registered with the social networks, websites with active plugins may send data to the networks.
The purpose and scope of the data collection, and the further processing and use of the data by the particular social networks and your rights and configuration options concerning this to protect your privacy, can be found in the privacy notices of the respective social networks and websites.
Facebook social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). You can find the link to Facebook’s Data Protection Declaration here:
Facebook’s privacy policy
.
Twitter social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”). You can find the link to Twitter’s privacy policy here:
Twitter’s privacy policy
.
LinkedIn social plugins.
We use plugins by the social network LinkedIn, operated by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland (“LinkedIn”). You can find the link to LinkedIn’s privacy policy here:
LinkedIn’s privacy policy
.
YouTube
This website uses Youtube.de/Youtube.com plugins that are provided by YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA (“YouTube”), a subsidiary of Google, to integrate videos from YouTube. When you watch a YouTube video, a connection to YouTube’s servers is established and automatically collected data is processed by YouTube. If you are logged in, the information that you played the video will be directly assigned to your Google and YouTube accounts. If you do not want this to happen, you will need to log out before playing the video. Google stores your data and may use it for purposes of advertising, market research and the demand-oriented design of its own websites. Such an evaluation even occurs for users who are not logged in. You can configure your browser to refuse the storage of cookies or you can prevent the recording of data generated by cookies and relating to your use of this website and the processing of this data by Google by disabling the “Ads Personalisation” button in
Google’s Ads Settings
. In this case, Google will then also only display general advertising in connection with YouTube, which has not been selected based on information collected about you.
Insofar as Google also processes your data in the USA, Google offers safeguards in the form of certification under the
EU-US Privacy Shield
to ensure its compliance with the European data protection principles. The legal basis for integrating YouTube and the associated data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in integrating video and visual content to make our website more attractive.
Google Maps
Our website uses the Google Maps services of Google LLC, USA (“Google”). To enable the Google map material we use to be integrated and to be shown on your web browser, your web browser must establish contact with a Google server, which can also be in the USA. If personal data is transmitted to the USA, Google has committed itself to comply with the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. By establishing contact, Google receives the information that the contact page of our website was accessed from the IP address of your device. The legal basis for this is Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in the integration of a map service for contact purposes.
You will find more information in the
terms of service of Google Maps
and in
Google’s privacy policy
.
Cookies and usage analysis
10.1
General use of cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is stored by the browser on your device. Cookies are not used to run programmes or install viruses on your computer. The main purpose of our own cookies is rather to provide services tailored especially to you and to make the use of our services as timesaving as possible. Through cookies, different inquiries from your browser can be assigned to the joint session. This enables your computer to be recognized if you revisit our website. The processing of the respective cookies is based on our aforementioned legitimate interests, meaning the legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.
You can configure your browser settings as desired, for example, to reject the installation of third-party cookies or all cookies. If you do not accept cookies, however, this may in some cases lead to considerable functional restrictions on our website.
10.2
Third-party cookies
In addition, we also use cookies and technologies from third-party providers for analysis purposes as part of the statistical recording and analysis of general usage behavior based on access data. We use the results of such analyses to improve our website and adapt it to the actual needs of our users. The legal basis for the individual examples of data processing described below is Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, based on our legitimate interest in the demand-oriented design and continuous optimization of our website.
a. Google Analytics.
Our website uses the web analytics service Google Analytics, provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies with a validity of 14 months to record your access data when you visit our website. On our behalf, Google combines the access data into pseudonymous user profiles and transmits it to a Google server in the USA. Your IP address is anonymized beforehand. We are therefore unable to determine which user profiles belong to a particular user. This means that we cannot identify you or determine how you use our website based on the information collected by Google. In exceptional cases where this involves transferring personal data to the USA, Google has also subjected itself to the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. Google has thus committed itself to ensuring the European data protection principles and level of data protection even in the context of data processing performed in the USA.
On our behalf, Google uses the information generated by cookies for the purpose of evaluating the usage of our website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing us with other services relating to website usage and internet usage. For further information, please refer to the
Google Analytics privacy policy
.
You may object to these web analytics activities by Google at any time. There are several ways to do this:
You can configure your browser to block cookies from Google Analytics.
You can adjust your
advertising settings on Google
.
You can place a deactivation cookie by clicking here: [ga_optout]
In the browsers Firefox, Internet Explorer and Chrome, you can install the deactivation plug-in provided by Google using the following link (this option does not work on mobile devices):
Browser plug-in link
b. Google Tag-Manager.
Our website uses Google Tag Manager, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Tag Manager serves to manage tools for usage data analyses and other services, so-called website tags. A tag is an element that is stored in the source code of our website in order to record, for example, predefined uses and interactions. Google Tag Manager does not use cookies. Google Tag Manager enables us to integrate partners in the context of online advertising. In some cases, the data is processed on a Google server in the USA. In exceptional cases where this involves transferring personal data to the USA, Google has also subjected itself to the
EU-US Privacy Shield
. Google has thus committed itself to ensuring the European data protection principles and level of data protection even in the context of data processing performed in the USA. For more details, please refer to the
information provided by Google about Google Tag Manager
.
11.
Data Storage
We have implemented comprehensive technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against possible threats, e.g. unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or distribution, or loss, destruction or abuse. In order to protect your personal data from unauthorized access by third parties during a transmission, the transmission of data might be protected by SSL-encryption, a standardized encryption method for online services.
Service providers, disclosure of data
Some of the data processing undertaken by us can be carried out by our service providers. Apart from the service providers mentioned in this privacy policy, data centers which store our website and databases, IT service providers that service our systems, and consultancy companies are particularly ranked among them. If we do share data with our service providers, these may use the data exclusively for the fulfillment of their tasks. The service providers have been carefully selected and engaged by us. They are contractually bound by our instructions and have suitable technical and organizational measures to protect the rights of the data subjects.
Furthermore, data can be shared with third parties in connection with official inquiries, court decisions, and legal proceedings, if this is required for purposes of prosecution or enforcement, or if there is any other legal basis for such sharing.
Duration of storage
Unless otherwise stipulated above, your personal data will in principle be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage ceases to exist. Further storage can take place if this was provided for by appropriate regulations to which we are subject, if further storage is required for purposes of preserving legitimate interests, or if you have given us your consent. The data can also be blocked or deleted if a storage deadline stipulated by appropriate norms expires unless there is a need for continued storage of the data for purposes of concluding a contract or fulfilling a contract.
Your rights
You have the right at any time to require us to provide information about the processing of your personal data (right of access). When providing you with this information we shall explain the data processing and supply an overview of the data relating to your person which are stored. Should data stored with us be inaccurate or no longer up-to-date, you enjoy the right to have these data corrected (right to rectification). You can also require the erasure of your data (right to erasure or right to be forgotten). Should the erasure exceptionally not be possible due to other legal regulations, the data processing will be restricted, so that in future they are only available for this statutory purpose. You can also have the processing of your data restricted, i.e. if you believe that the data which we have saved is not correct (right to restriction of processing). You also have the right of data portability, i.e. that we send you on request a digital copy of the personal data which you have provided (right to data portability).
To exercise your rights as set out here, you can communicate with the foregoing contact details at any time. This also applies should you wish to receive copies of guarantees for certification of an adequate data-protection level.
You also have the right to object to the data processing based on Art. 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR or for direct marketing purposes. Finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a competent data protection supervisory authority. You can assert this right by contacting a supervisory authority in the Member State of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement. The competent supervisory authority in Berlin is: Berlin Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information, Friedrichstr. 219, 10969 Berlin.
Right of withdrawal and objection.
Pursuant to Art. 7(3) GDPR, you have the right to
withdraw the consent you gave us at any time
. As a result of this, we will cease the data processing based on this consent with future effect. This withdrawal of your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent prior to the withdrawal.
If we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR, you have the right under Art. 21 GDPR to
object to the processing of your data
, and to give us reasons which arise from your particular situation which, in your opinion, show that your legitimate interests override ours. If your objection is to data processing for direct marketing purposes, you have a general right of objection, which we will implement without requiring you to give reasons.
If you would like to make use of your right of withdrawal or objection, it is sufficient to simply notify us using the contact details provided above.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with the currently applicable data protection regulations. The current version of our Privacy Policy is available at
https://pubnative.net/privacy-policy/
.
Updated: March 2024
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Privacy Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Privacy Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 26
https://legal.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.html:
Terms
Privacy Center
Back
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
Back
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Back
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Terms
Privacy Center
Topics
Products
Third Parties
State Privacy Rights
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Iowa
Montana
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Dashboard & Controls
Relevant Advertising
Intellectual Property
Counterfeit Goods
Counter Notice Process
Repeat Infringer Policy
Trademarks
Permissions
Closed Captioning
Community Guidelines
Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy
Last updated: December 2024
About Yahoo
Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other
brands
.
We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the
legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy
or
legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL)
still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today.
Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services).
Our Privacy Pledge
Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global
brands
(“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo
brands
, websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in
Details for Specific Products and Services
.
Your Controls
We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at
Privacy Controls
. Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. (
See, Details for Specific Products and Services
)
Information Collection and Use - General
Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services.
We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below:
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as:
When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you.
When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments).
Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services.
When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins.
When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information.
Device Information.
We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as
IP address
,
cookie information
, mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use.
Location Information.
We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our
Locations page
and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices.
Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.
We collect information when you access content,
advertising
, sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as
web beacons
, development tools,
cookies and other technologies
, etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners.
This information also includes the content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; cursor and scroll movements on our Services; certain screen interactions and content you input on the Services; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions.
Information from Others.
We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as:
When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter).
From publicly-available sources.
From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings.
When we obtain information from third-parties or
other companies
, such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us.
How We Use This Information
We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes:
Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services.
Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts
photos, attachments, and other communications
). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using
Privacy Controls
.
Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you.
Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites.
Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide
targeted advertising
based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information.
Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which
you can also control
.
Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID.
Carry out or support
promotions
.
Conduct research and support innovation.
Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps,
third-parties
and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information.
Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your
location settings
.
Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or
other companies
, such as your activities on other sites and apps.
Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity.
We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your
account information
, manage your
marketing preferences
, or
opt out of targeted ads
. If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you.
If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services.
How We Share This Information
Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with
third-party apps and widgets
). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies:
With Your Consent.
We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent.
Within Yahoo.
Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies.
With Partners.
We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are:
Trusted Partners.
We provide user information to or enable the collection of user information by trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures.
Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information).
We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or
other companies
. For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners.
When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies.
We allow
other companies
that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one.
For Legal and Other Purposes.
We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the
Terms
; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law.
This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we
evaluate and respond to these requests
.
New Ownership.
If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner.
Details for Specific Products and Services
Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included
here
.
Information Security and Data Retention
Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store.
Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations. In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
, such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the
Yahoo Privacy Dashboard
.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit
Children's Privacy & Family Accounts
to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo.
Our Legal Bases for Processing Information.
We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our
Legal bases
page for more information.
Data Processing and Transfers
When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside.
Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland and receives that information from the EU/EEA/UK/Switzerland through various compliance mechanisms, including the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (DPF), the UK Extension to the DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Where appropriate, we also rely on other transfer mechanisms such as data processing agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or the United Kingdom. For more information, please visit our
Data Transfer
page.
The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country.
Other Important Information
This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Changes
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a
feedback form
or you can contact us at:
Yahoo
Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues
770 Broadway, New York
NY 10003, USA
If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, The EXO Building, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, D01 W5Y2, Ireland.
Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at
YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie
, or by post at:
MHC GDPR Representative
Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited
South Bank House
Barrow Street
Dublin 4
Ireland
Recent Updates
May 2018 - update to privacy notice;
October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change;
October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and
September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention;
September 2024 - updates to data transfers.
December 2024 - updates to Information from Cookies and Other Technologies; additional information added regarding data sharing with trusted partners.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
Sub-policy 27
https://privacy.acuityads.com/opt-out-success.html:
This website conducts Interest Based Advertising through the use of 
cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to the use
 of your cookies.
The technical storage or
 access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the
 use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or 
user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a 
communication over an electronic communications network.
The technical storage 
or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences
 that are not requested by the subscriber or user.
The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
The technical 
storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical 
purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your 
Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, 
information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be
 used to identify you.
The technical storage or 
access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to 
track the user on a website or across several websites for similar 
marketing purposes.
Manage options
Manage services
Manage vendors
Read more about these purposes
Accept
Deny
View preferences
Save preferences
View preferences
Cookie Policy
Corporate Privacy Policy
{title}
Opt-out
Your opt out has been completed successfully
Important things you should know:
Opting out of the Acuity cookie means that Acuity will
                        know you have opted out of interest-based advertising.
                        You will see the same number of ads as before, but they
                        may not be as relevant when you opt out.
Please note that if you use more than one type of
                        browser or more than one computer to surf the Internet,
                        you will have to opt out in each browser and on each
                        computer that you use. If you delete this opt-out
                        cookie, you will have to opt out again. You can opt in
                        again by removing the Acuity Opt-out cookie.
Manage consent
Contact us!
We're not around but we still want to hear from you! Leave us a note:
* indicates a required field
Name*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
Email*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
Type Label*
Required Asterisk
signifies that this field can not be left blank
Send
powered
by
Olark Logo
Olark launch button clip path
Sub-policy 28
https://supership.jp/privacy/:
HOME
プライバシーポリシー
Supershipではデータを活用したサービスやソリューション提供を通じて、
さまざまな社会課題解決のサポートを行い、明るく幸せなミライの創出を目指すため、
「ミライリアルの幸せを、デジタルの力で創る」というグループパーパスを掲げています。
デジタルトランスフォーメーションを推進する企業として、私たちが扱うデータの取得および利用に関する透明性を担保し、
データの主体であるユーザーの意思を尊重しながら、プライバシーに関して十分な配慮を行っていく責務があると考えています。
その責務を果たすため、個人情報保護に関する法令およびその他の規範を遵守し、
さらに、データを取り巻く環境や世論の動向にも目を配りながら、業界をリードするような自主ルールを確立していくことを宣言します。
私たちは、個人情報の取扱いに関する方針を「個人情報保護指針」として、
また、個人情報以外のプライバシー上の懸念が生じうるデータの取扱いに関する方針を
「インフォマティブデータポリシー」として、以下のように制定し、公表します。
個人情報保護方針
個人情報の取り扱いについて
インフォマティブデータポリシー
当社で扱う個人情報及び個人情報を扱うサービスの一覧
共同利用に関する公表事項
個人情報保護方針
Supership株式会社（以下、「当社」という。）は、広告・販促の領域におけるデジタルトランスフォーメーション事業を展開しており、当社にとって個人情報及び特定個人情報の保護が重大な責務であると認識しております。そこで個人情報保護理念と自ら定めた行動規範に基づき、以下に示す方針を具現化するための個人情報保護マネジメントシステムを構築し、最新のIT技術の動向、社会的要請の変化、経営環境の変動等を常に認識しながら、その継続的改善に、全社を挙げて取り組むことをここに宣言致します。
1.
当社は、事業の内容及び規模を考慮した適切な個人情報の取得・利用および提供を行い、当社が特定した利用目的の達成に必要な範囲を超えた個人情報の取扱いを行いません。また、そのための措置を講じます。
2.
当社は個人情報の取扱いに関する法令、国が定める指針その他の規範を遵守します。
3.
当社は個人情報の漏えい、滅失、き損などのリスクに対しては、合理的な安全対策を講じて防止すべく、事業の実情に合致した経営資源を注入し、個人情報のセキュリティ体制を継続的に向上させていきます。また、万一の際には速やかに是正措置を講じます。
4.
当社は個人情報の取扱いに関する苦情および相談に対して、迅速かつ誠実に対応します。
5.
個人情報保護マネジメントシステムは、当社を取り巻く環境の変化と実情を踏まえ、適時・適切に見直して継続的に改善をはかります。
6.
当社は、あらかじめ本人の同意を得ることなく、当社が保有する個人情報に、別途取得したインフォマティブデータの関連付けを行いません。
Supership株式会社 代表取締役社長CEO 稲葉 真吾
個人情報保護方針に関するお問い合わせ先 兼 個人情報に関する苦情・相談窓口
〒105-0001
東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
Supership株式会社
E-mail: privacy*supership.jp (* を @ に直してください)
（特定電子メールはご遠慮ください。）
※直接ご来社いただいてのお申し出はお受け致しかねますので、あらかじめご了承下さい。
制定・改定履歴
2018年10月26日制定
2024年4月1日改定
2024年5月1日改定
個人情報の取扱いについて
1. 個人情報の利用目的、保有個人データ及び第三者提供記録に関する事項の周知について
Supership株式会社は、本人から直接取得した個人情報を、次の利用目的の範囲内で取扱います。本人から直接、書面に記載された個人情報を取得する際には、別途書面上に利用目的を明示します。
また、保有個人情報や保有個人データの開示等（利用目的の通知、開示、内容の訂正、追加又は削除、利用の停止、消去及び第三者への提供の停止及び第三者提供記録の開示）の請求及び第三者提供記録の開示に関する請求について、以下の事項を周知致します。
当社の名称及び住所
代表者の氏名
Supership株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表者：代表取締役社長CEO　稲葉 真吾
個人情報保護管理者
稲葉 真吾
E-mail: privacy*supership.jp (* を @ に直してください)
個人情報および
保有個人データの利用目的
当社における個人情報および保有個人データの利用目的の一覧は
こちら
をご覧ください。
保有個人データ以外の
個人情報の利用目的
受託業務で取扱う個人情報を処理するため
苦情等の申し出先
（個人情報に関する苦情・相談窓口）
〒105-0001
東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
Supership株式会社
E-mail: privacy*supership.jp (* を @ に直してください)
（特定電子メールはご遠慮ください。）
※直接ご来社いただいてのお申し出はお受け致しかねますので、あらかじめご了承下さい。
当社の加入する認定個人情報保護団体
【認定個人情報保護団体の名称】
一般財団法人日本情報経済社会推進協会
【苦情の解決の申出先】
認定個人情報保護団体事務局
〒106-0032 東京都港区六本木一丁目9番9号 六本木ファーストビル内
電話番号 03-5860-7565 / 0120-700-779
（当社の商品・サービスに関するお問い合わせ先ではございません）
2. 手続き
1.
保有個人情報および保有個人データに関するご請求（利用目的の通知、開示、内容の訂正、追加または削除、利用の停止、消去及び第三者への提供の停止及び第三者提供記録の開示）は、上記「個人情報に関する苦情・相談窓口」まで郵送または電子メールでご連絡ください。
2.
本人確認のため、ご請求の際に下記の送付をお願いします。
a.
郵送の場合
本人確認書類（運転免許証、パスポート、その他本人確認できる公的証明書のいずれかのコピー）の同封をお願いいたします。
b.
電子メールの場合
本人確認書類を添付せずお問い合わせください。登録内容確認のため、当社よりご連絡差し上げます。
3.
代理人による申請の場合、以下の書類の添付をお願いいたします。
a.
委任状
b.
本人の印鑑証明書
c.
代理人の本人確認書類（運転免許証、パスポート、その他本人確認できる公的証明書のいずれかのコピー）
4.
本人と同一性を確認したうえで、速やかにご請求いただいた対応をいたします。
※ 本人確認書類においてご提供いただいた以外の情報、本籍や健康情報等の機微な情報やご家族の情報も含まれている場合には、第三者から見て判別ができないよう、あらかじめ塗りつぶしてください。健康保険証のコピーをお送りいただく場合、保険者番号・被保険者等記号・番号をあらかじめ塗りつぶしてください。
3. 情報の開示について
当社が当該の個人情報を保有しない場合、または法に定められた以下の理由により開示ができない場合には別途ご連絡差し上げます。
a）
本人または第三者の生命、身体、財産その他の権利利益を害するおそれがある場合
b）
当該事業者の業務の適正な実施に著しい支障を及ぼすおそれがある場合
c）
法令に違反することとなる場合
d）
利用目的を本人に通知し、または公表することによって本人または第三者の生命、身体、財産、その他の権利利益を害するおそれがある場合
e）
利用目的を本人に通知し、または公表することによって当該事業者の権利または正当な利益を害するおそれがある場合
f）
国の機関または地方公共団体が法令の定める事務を遂行することに対して協力する必要がある場合であって、利用目的を本人に通知し、または公表することによって当該事務の遂行に支障を及ぼすおそれがあるとき
4. ご請求の際にご提出いただいた書類について
ご請求に対する回答が終了した後、1年間保管し、その後破棄いたします。
5. 保有個人データ等の安全管理措置
当社では、個人情報、特定個人情報の取扱いに関する規程、及び安全対策に関する規程を定め以下の措置を講じております。
(1)
組織的安全管理措置
個人情報の取扱いに関して方針を定め、個人情報保護方針として、社内に周知徹底するとともに、一般の方も入手できるようにウェブページで公開しています。
取得、利用、保存、提供、削除・廃棄等の段階ごとに、取扱方法、責任者・担当者及びその任務等について個人情報の取扱い手順を定め、規程文書としてまとめ、社内に周知しております。
個人情報の取扱状況について、定期的に自己点検を実施するとともに、他部署や外部の者による公平な立場からの内部監査を定期的に実施しています。
各個人情報を取扱う従業者を制限しています。
(2)
人的安全管理措置
個人情報の取扱いに関する留意事項について、従業者に定期的な研修を実施しております。
従業者から、秘密保持に関する誓約を得ています。
(3)
物理的安全管理措置、技術的安全措置
取扱い担当者以外の従業者や他の権限を有しない者による個人情報の間覧を防止するため、取扱う区域を限定しています。
個人情報を取扱う区域において、従業者の入退出管理を行っております。
個人情報は、施錠できるキャビネットやアクセス制限を行っているシステムに保管しています。
システムなどへの外部からの不正アクセスを防ぐために、ファイアウォールなどを導入しています。また、コンピューターウイルスなどの不正ソフトウェアへの対策を行っています。
個人情報の移送時は、以下の対策をとっております。
‐媒体の移送時には、配送記録が残る方法を利用するか、直接手渡しするようにしています。
‐電子データの通信には、暗号化するなどの漏洩対策を行っています。
制定・改定履歴
2024年4月1日制定
2024年5月1日制定
インフォマティブデータポリシー
Supership株式会社（以下「当社」といいます）は、法令等を遵守し、ウェブサイト等から取得したインフォマティブデータを適正かつデータ主体のプライバシーに十分に配慮した方法により取得、管理、利用するにあたり、以下のとおり本ポリシーを定めます。なお、個人情報の取扱いに関しては、別途定める個人情報保護指針のとおりです。
第1条（定義）
本ポリシーで用いる定義は、以下のとおりです。
(1)
「インフォマティブデータ」とは、個人を特定することができないものの、プライバシー上の懸念が生じうる情報をいいます。例えば、郵便番号、メールアドレス、性別、職業、趣味、顧客番号、Cookie、IPアドレス、識別子を含む端末識別情報等および位置情報、閲覧履歴、購買履歴、検索履歴といったインターネット利用にかかるログ情報等の個人に関する情報等をいいます。
(2)
「Cookie」とは、ウェブサイト等の訪問者が利用するブラウザごとに、一時的に保存されるブラウザを識別する文字列情報をいいます。
(3)
「情報収集モジュール」とは、アプリケーション等の利用者の利用状況等を収集するソフトウェアをいいます。
(4)
「識別子」とは、Cookie、Apple社が提供するIDFAおよびGoogle社が提供するGoogle Advertising IDをいいます。
第2条（インフォマティブデータの取得方法）
当社は、当社および当社サービスを利用する第三者企業のウェブページ、アプリケーションから、HTMLのタグ、JavaScriptのタグまたは情報収集モジュール等を用いて、インフォマティブデータを取得しています。 また、第三者企業から、その他の方法により、個人情報保護法その他法令等を遵守したものであることを条件に、直接インフォマティブデータの提供を受ける場合があります。
第3条（インフォマティブデータの利用目的）
当社は、以下の目的で、インフォマティブデータを利用（インフォマティブデータをもとに、性別等の属性情報、興味関心、デバイス間のデータ主体の同一性等を推測して利用する場合を含みます）します。
(1)
ターゲティング広告およびコンテンツの配信および提供
(2)
マーケティング調査および分析
(3)
サービスの企画、改善および開発
(4)
学術的な調査研究
(5)
その他当社サービスの提供
(6)
上記利用目的に付随する目的
第4条（インフォマティブデータの適正利用）
1.
当社は、インフォマティブデータの利用において、データ主体のプライバシーを十分に尊重し、データ主体に不利益が生ずることのないよう配慮します。
2.
当社は、以下に定める情報を、データ主体に対する差別や偏見を招き、または助長させる可能性のあるセンシティブな情報と考え、第3項に定めるとおり、取得および利用に関して特に配慮します。なお、以下に定める情報を推知させるにすぎない情報（以下に定める情報に関する書籍の購入やウェブサイトの閲覧等）の取得は、これに含みません。
(1)
人種、世系または民族的もしくは種族的出身
(2)
社会的身分
(3)
思想、信条、政治的見解、宗教または哲学的信念
(4)
性生活または性的嗜好
(5)
特定の病歴、診療情報、調剤情報、健康診断の結果
(6)
犯罪歴
(7)
犯罪による被害事実
3.
当社は、原則として、データ主体に関するセンシティブな情報を取得せず、利用しません。また、前項各号に掲げる内容を推測する利用方法もしません。
第5条（インフォマティブデータの第三者提供）
1.
当社は、第三者企業に対して、インフォマティブデータを提供する場合があります。
2.
前項に定めるインフォマティブデータの提供にあたり、当社は、第三者企業に対して、当該データを第3条第1号から第4号に定める利用目的の範囲で利用することおよび個人情報保護法その他法令等を遵守し、個人のプライバシーに配慮し適切に取扱うことを条件に提供します。
3.
当社は、第3条の利用目的の達成に必要な範囲内においてインフォマティブデータの取扱いの全部または一部を第三者企業に委託することがあります。
第6条（インフォマティブデータの安全管理措置）
当社は、インフォマティブデータへの不正アクセス、インフォマティブデータの漏洩、滅失または毀損の防止その他インフォマティブデータの安全管理のために必要な措置を講じるとともに、かかる措置の内容・方法について継続的に見直しを行い、是正、改善に努めます。
第7条（オプトアウト）
1.
当社における「ターゲティング広告およびコンテンツの配信および提供」の停止（以下「オプトアウト」といいます）を希望される場合には、以下のオプトアウトページよりオプトアウトすることができます。
オプトアウトページはこちら
2.
オプトアウトは、インフォマティブデータと紐づくブラウザ・端末ごとの処理となります。オプトアウトを行ったブラウザ・端末以外でオプトアウトを希望される場合には、別途当該ブラウザ・端末からオプトアウトする必要があります。あらかじめご了承ください。
第8条（改訂）
当社は、法令等の改正、社会情勢の変化等に合わせて、本ポリシーを継続的に見直し改定します。
制定・改定履歴
2024年4月1日制定
当社で取扱う個人情報 及び 個人情報を扱うサービスの一覧
個人情報・個人データの種類
利用目的
サービス名
1. お問い合わせに対する回答の際のお客様情報*
当社および当社グループ会社、または当社および当社グループ会社のサービスへのお問い合わせに対し、回答するため
当社ウェブサイトの各お問い合わせフォーム
KDDI Message Cast に関する資料請求・お問い合わせフォーム
2. 当社が直接取得したお客様の個人情報*
当社および当社グループ会社のサービスの提供、お客様へのご連絡、関連するアフターサービス、新商品や新たなサービスのご案内のため
–
3. 応募者情報*
当社基準による人材の採用判断のため
–
4. 在職者情報*
人事労務（福利厚生含む）、賃金管理、健康管理、セキュリティ管理、個人番号取扱いの各業務および業務上の連絡のため
（グループ会社に出向の際には在職者情報を各社に提供します）
–
5. 退職者情報*
法定で定める退職者の人事労務業務（福利厚生含む）、退職者及び扶養家族の個人番号取扱いの各業務および必要に応じた連絡のため
–
6. 当社の活動・実績の紹介*
顧客へ当社の活動や実績を紹介し、営業活動を促進するため
–
7. 委託・派遣会社の業務スタッフの個人情報*
業務管理および業務上の連絡のため
–
注）“*”と記載されたものは、保有個人データとして取扱います。
2024年4月1日時点
共同利用に関する公表事項
当社および当社グループ会社は、次のとおり一部の個人情報を共同利用することがあります。
1. サービスの提供、お問い合わせへの対応、および各種ご案内等に関する共同利用
(1)
共同して利用する個人情報の項目
お客様の氏名、所属する組織の名称、住所、所属部門、役職、電話番号、メールアドレス、お取引履歴等
(2)
共同して利用する者の範囲
Supership株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長CEO　稲葉 真吾
Momentum株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長　細井 康平
DATUM STUDIO株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長　武智 壮平
ちゅらデータ株式会社
〒901-2134 沖縄県浦添市港川512番地55 ゆがふBizタワー浦添港川 3階
代表取締役社長　真嘉比 愛
(3)
共同して利用する者の利用目的
1.
当社および当社グループ会社、または当社および当社グループ会社のサービスへのお問い合わせに対し、回答するため
2.
当社および当社グループ会社のサービスの提供、お客様へのご連絡、関連するアフターサービス、新商品や新たなサービスのご案内のため
(4)
共同して利用する個人情報の管理責任者
Supership株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長CEO　稲葉 真吾
(5)
取得方法
当社および当社グループ会社へのお問い合わせ、または直接取得
2. 従業員情報に関する共同利用
(1)
共同して利用する個人情報の項目
従業員の氏名、所属部門、役職、電話番号、メールアドレス、社内履歴等
(2)
共同して利用する者の範囲
Supership株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長CEO　稲葉 真吾
Momentum株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長　細井 康平
DATUM STUDIO株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長　武智 壮平
ちゅらデータ株式会社
〒901-2134 沖縄県浦添市港川512番地55 ゆがふBizタワー浦添港川 3階
代表取締役社長　真嘉比 愛
(3)
共同して利用する者の利用目的
1.
当社および当社グループ会社の従業員の人事労務等の管理業務のため
2.
当社および当社グループ会社の社内コミュニケーションのため
(4)
共同して利用する個人情報の管理責任者
Supership株式会社
〒105-0001 東京都港区虎ノ門2-10-1 虎ノ門ツインビルディング 東棟12階
代表取締役社長CEO　稲葉 真吾
(5)
取得方法
当社および当社グループ会社への入社時、または入社後に取得
制定・改定履歴
2024年8月1日制定
PAGETOP
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate
Sub-policy 29
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/:
Publishers
AI Driven Monetization
Download the SDK
Advertising Solutions
Device-based audience segmentation
Curation
Maia – Mobile AI Audience
About us
Company
Career
Press
Log in
Sign up
Start.io End User Privacy Policy
Languages
Start.io End User Privacy Policy
Start.io Inc. and its Affiliates (
formerly: StartApp Inc.
; “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
” or “
Start.io
”) respects your privacy. This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) explains Start.io’s privacy practices with respect to your personal information throughout the entire Start.io Network, the ways your personal information and data is collected, used and shared and the rights and options available to you with respect to your personal data.
Who we are?
Start.io is a mobile advertising and data company that develops, operates and supports an advertising platform, solution and network (“
Start.io Solution
”) for the purpose of serving targeted and personalized advertisements to individuals (“
End Users
”) based on their profile.
For more information about Start.io, you may visit our website at:
www.start.io
.
Introduction with Start.io Network
.
Start.io Solution collects and processes your personal data, location and other data from several sources (such as through Start.io SDK (software development kit) embedded or integrated in variety of mobile apps, Start.io RTB (real time bidding) platform used for placement of ads on real time (RTB), supply side platforms or partners, advertisers, and other data providers; together: “
Data Sources
”).
Start.io shares or makes available such data (or part of it) with the following third parties (i) advertisers  which run their campaigns on Start.io inventory (mobile apps engaged directly with Start.io or indirectly through other advertising networks or platforms; “
Advertisers
”); (ii) advertising agencies and other business partners, which run their campaigns on Start.io inventory or on their independent inventory, and can be “processors” or “controllers” of the data (together: “
Business Partners
”); and (iii) third parties which run or operate their own data bases, solutions or platforms which may act as “controllers” of data and may use your data together with other data they process about you (“
Data Partners
”).
“
Start.io Network
” means the advertising network of Start.io which includes Data sources on the one hand and Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners on the other hand, whereby your data is collected, processed, used, made available and shared for the Purpose (as defined below).
Purpose of Data Processing
.
Your data is collected, processed, used and shared by Start.io
throughout Start.io Network
for the
purpose of serving you targeted and personalized advertisements based on your profile
; provided however that,
if we anonymize your data, we may use it for other purposes as well
(together: the “
Purpose
”).
Non-personal and/or anonymized data, is a data which neither identifies you personally nor is identifiable. Anonymization may be made by deleting, hashing or encrypting your Advertising ID (or MAID), which is your unique identifier used by us to differentiate your data from data of other users, and make it identifiable thereof.
When we share your data with third parties (Advertisers, Business Partners and/or Data Partners) we will contractually obligate them to use the data for the Purpose only, other than if they represent that they can use it for other purposes subject to your consent or other lawful basis.
Stop Receiving Advertisements; contact our support at
support@start.io
.
Please note that it is not Start.io’s decision to display ads within the mobile app you use, but the app’s developer or publisher who uses our services (directly or indirectly). However, we believe that you benefit from these apps, since in most cases, displaying Advertisements is essential for keeping publishers’ apps and services free of charge. Moreover, when app’s developer or publisher uses our services (directly or indirectly) Advertisements provided to you may be optimized and/or customized to you, which improves your experience with the app.
If you wish to stop receiving Advertisements, you should contact the app’s developer or publisher, whose details you can find on
Google Play
or
Apple App Store
, and submit your request to it. Alternatively, you may change your mobile phone settings (
IOS
/
Android
).
You may contact us at
support@start.io
and we will do our best to help you.
Opting out
.
You have the choice to opt-out from the entire Start.io Network and/or from sharing of your personal data with our Data Partners,
by clicking your preferred choice under Section 12 (
Opt-out Rights
) below
.
By opting out, your experience with Advertisements provided to you within Start.io Network will not be optimized or customized to you.
Start.io may be a controller or processor of your personal data, considering the way data is collected by or through each Data Source and its usage by us or each of our Advertisers, Business Partners or Data Partners.
You hereby agree to the use of: (a) electronic means to consent to and complete this Policy and to provide you with any notices given pursuant to this Policy; and (b) electronic records to store information related to this Policy.
Our Privacy Policy in a Glance
Section
Summary
2
Information we collect directly or indirectly from you
We will collect, process, use and share (pursuant to this Policy) the following data if available to us: your Advertising ID, Internet Protocol addresses, Location, name of app (where our SDK is installed), gender and age (if shared with or assumed by us), data of a query of installed apps, device properties, Bluetooth paired devices, device sensors, carrier, ISP, network connection details and Wi-Fi data, roaming, local time zone, language settings, your interests and behavioral data assumed from keywords shared with us.
3
Collection of your Location
We will collect, process and use your exact location (only if you provide a permission to the App where our SDK is installed or embedded). Your exact location will be added to or combined with other data we collect about you and not shared “as is” with third parties.
We will assume your location if you are connected to Wi-Fi and/or mobile network cell whose assumed location is known to us.
Your country, city and region may be available to us from your IP or other Data Sources.
4
Information we collect from your interaction with Advertisements or from Advertisers
When you interact with an Advertisement, advertising attribution and measurement will be shared with us. We may receive post click usage and/or activity within mobile apps which Advertisement leads to these apps or the app services.
5
Collection of Sensitive Information
Start.io does not require nor does it knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any Sensitive Information from or of End Users.
6
Children’s Privacy
Start.io does not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personal information from children (as they are defined under applicable law).
7
Use of your personal information for personalized, targeted Advertisements
We will use (including: sell, license or share) the information collected by or shared with us for the Purpose, i.e.: serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you based on your profile and activity.
8
Use of your information for other purposes
We will use the information collected by or shared with us for other purposes as well, such as: improve Start.io Solution, develop new services update or upgrade existing services; operate, maintain, protect and manage Start.io Solution; audit and track usage statistics and traffic flow; detect fraud in connection with Start.io Solution; enforce this Policy and prevent unlawful activities; and comply with any applicable laws.
9
Sharing Data with third parties
We may share your data (or part of it) with Advertisers, advertising networks, Business Partners and/or Data Partners; attribution partners; competent authorities; our affiliated corporate group entities; and in the event of merger, sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets or shares or other reorganization or reconstruction in our ongoing business.
10
Cookies and Data Collection by Third Party
If you open a mobile webpage from an App where our SDK is installed or embedded, we may place a cookie on your device mobile browser with your Advertising ID which will be used by us for the Purpose.
11
Non-personal and/or anonymized data
Non-personal and/or anonymized data may be collected, processed and used by us in any way.
12
Opt-Out Rights (and “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” for California end users)
You may easily opt-out of certain data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising related to Start.io Network, by sending us an email to
privacy@start.io
, and elaborating what service you choose to opt-out from.
In addition, California end users may call 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (service code: 234) to opt out.
13
Your Choices and Controls
You have the right to exercise any of the following rights, subject to and in accordance with the laws apply to you, by sending us an email to
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, which elaborates the right(s) you would like to exercise: withdraw consent; object, erasure (be forgotten), access your data, data portability.
14
Data Security
We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards.
15
Data Retention
We retain personal data we collected, in accordance and compliance with applicable laws, but in any event, we will not use your personal information for the Purpose during more than (a) 12 months for End Users in the EU or UK; or (b) 36 months for all other End Users.
16
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store or process your personal data in the United States or in other territories. Subject to the laws apply to you, your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your data.
17
California End Users – CCPA
General information for end users who are subject to CCPA.
18
Changes to The Policy
This Policy may be updated by us from time to time. The most up-to-date Policy as well as any updated to this Policy will be published and will be available in the following link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
.
19
Contact Us
You can also contact us via email at:
support@start.io
.
20
Data Protection Officer
You may contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@start.io
.
Information we collect directly or indirectly from you through our Data Sources
We will collect and process the following data (or part of it – considering the technology or integration used, the data available to us and other permissions), if you download an App, which our Start.io SDK is installed or embedded in, and/or if your data is shared with us, when we are integrated with or connected to other advertising networks, agencies or platforms (such as RTBs):
Online identifiers: Advertising ID (IDFA and/or IDFV for iOS devices and ADID for Android devices) (“
ADID
”).
Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) addresses.
Please note that, while ADID and IP address are considered as personally identifiable data in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA), there are some jurisdictions in which such data is not considered as Personal Data.
Location – as detailed in Section 3 below.
Name of App (where the SDK is installed) and its category; for non SDK: name of the mobile application through which you interact with Start.io Network.
Gender and age (whether as conclusion made by us or strictly shared with us by other Data Source)
Data of a query which asks whether certain apps are already installed in your mobile device (one-way hash representation).
Other general data: device properties (operating system, operating system version and device type), Bluetooth paired devices, device sensors (such as the accelerometer), your carrier, ISP, network connection details and Wi-Fi data, roaming, local time zone, language settings.
Start.io
SDK
is a piece of software which is integrated into or embedded in mobile apps which enable these apps’ developers, owners or operators to provide you as well as other end users with personalized Advertisements.
“
Advertisement
” or “
Ad
” means any sort of advertising materials, including text, images, video, ads, content, photo, sounds, graphics, music, logos and any other materials or content promoting the goods and services or mobile application, software, etc., provided, enabled, supported or facilitated by Start.io Network.
“
RTB
” means “real time bidding” platform or solution whereby advertising inventory is bought and sold on a per-impression basis, via programmatic instantaneous auction, which is based, in most cases, on the user’s data which is shared with the bidder (advertiser or advertising network, such as Start.io). Advertiser who wins the bid display its advertisement to that user on the bidding inventory.
Collection of your location
Your location may be available to us through any of the following instances (together: your “
Location
”):
We may collect your exact location, via your mobile phone, only if you provide permission and consent to share your location with an App, which Start.io SDK is installed or embedded in. Please note that we do not collect a real time location but your last known location which is available to our SDK. Your exact location will be added to or combined with other data we collect about you and not shared “as is” with third parties.
We may assume your location, if you are connected to a Wi-Fi whose assumed location is known to us.
Please note that we will not be able to collect your location in accordance with subsections (a) and (b) above if you cancel the permission you granted to the App(s) (which are SDK is installed or embedded in) to collect your location.
We may assume your location by collecting the data with respect to the mobile network cell which you are connected to, if the location of that cell is known to us.
Your country, city and region may be available to us from your IP collected by the SDK or other Data Sources or from other data shared with us by third parties (for example through RTB integration).
Please note that by disabling your geo-location permission to an App (through the mobile device operating system), your location may still be assumed and/or collected by us from other available sources detailed in sub-sections (b), (c) and (d).
You may opt-out of location-based services at any time by editing your device’s settings. In addition, you may opt-out from sharing your location with us by
all sources
, as detailed in Section 12 (
Opt-out Rights
) below.
Information we collect from your interaction with Advertisements or from Advertisers
When you interact with an Advertisement provided, supported or enabled by us, the advertising attribution and measurement will be shared with us by third party services (known as “attribution partners”). We will use this data for frequency cap (e.g.: if and when to present you a similar Advertisement) and advertising attribution and measurement.
In addition, mobile apps publishers, developers and/or owners, which the Advertisement leads to their mobile apps (including incentivize installation of the mobile app) and/or services may share with us your post click usage and/or activity within their mobile apps or services following your interaction with the Advertisement. Such usage and/or activity may include purchases you make (including amount), subscriptions you purchase and level progress (in games). This information will be used by us for optimizing future advertising campaigns of these mobile apps’ publishers, developers and/or owners through Start.io Network, as well for the Purpose detailed in Section 8 below.
Collection of Sensitive Information
Start.io does not require nor does it knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any Sensitive Information from or of End Users.
The term “Sensitive Information” shall have the meaning as defined in the jurisdiction, whose privacy laws apply to you.
Please note that, the definition of the term “Sensitive Information” may be significantly different in different jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, sensitive information may include: racial, ethnic or communal origin; political affiliations or opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature; intimate affairs or sexual life; financial data, credit worthiness data, financial account, payment card number; criminal record; political parties or trade-union membership; and physical or mental health or condition, health insurance, medical and/or biometric data.
If you become aware or have any reason to believe that you were requested to provide your Sensitive Information, or that Start.io Network processed your information which is considered Sensitive Information, pursuant to the privacy laws apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@start.io
and we will take steps to ensure that such Sensitive Information will be immediately deleted from our files.
Children’s Privacy
Start.io complies with applicable legislation related to children’s privacy protection, including the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”). Thus, we do not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personal information from children, as they are defined under applicable law, and specifically: under the age of 13 years old, if they are located in the US other than California, or under the age of 16 years old, if they are located in the EU or California (collectively: “
Child
” or “
Children
”), except as permitted under applicable law.
If we obtain actual knowledge that an End User is considered as a child under applicable law, and we processed personal information with respect to that End User (other than as permitted under applicable law) we will take immediate steps to delete his/her personal information. In addition, we request that Children will not voluntarily provide us with any personal information through Start.io Network.
If you become aware or have any reason to believe that a Child has shared any Personal Information with us, please contact us at
privacy@start.io
and we will take steps to ensure that such personal information is immediately deleted from our files, to the extent required under applicable law.
Use of your personal information for personalized, targeted Advertisements
We will use (including: sell, license or share) the information collected by or shared with us for the Purpose, i.e.: serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you based on your profile and activity.
Your profile is a probabilistic output of our analysis, assumptions and conclusions in regard of your behavior, interests and intentions, based on the information we collected by or shared with us from all Data Sources, as detailed above, and unified by us to a single database about you.
Please note that targeted and personalized Advertisements may be served to you by us on our inventory and/or by our Business Partners or Data Partners, which we share your data with. Please note that once we share your data with a third party, the data becomes subject to that third-party privacy practices.
Provided however that, your exact location and data of a query which asks whether certain apps are already installed in your mobile device will not be not shared “as is” with third parties but added to or combined with other data we collect about and may be shared as part of your profile.
The list of Business Partners or Data Partners which asked us make their privacy policy available to you is available at:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information: the legal basis for processing of your personal information for the Purpose is your consent, which may be provided by you directly to us or indirectly through third parties (such as by RTB signal or signals). Your consent to us may be general (for all data we collect, process use and/or share) or in regard of specific data shared with us in certain event(s) (such as data shared together with RTB signal or signals). We will comply with the scope of your consent provided to or shared with us.
Please note that when certain data is shared with us by a third party with a “no consent” signal (or equivalent signal), it does not affect your consent to us in general or through other signals (with a “consent” signal), nor is it considered by us as exercising your rights under section 12 (Opt-Out Rights) or section 13 (Your Choices and Controls), which has to be exercised as detailed herein.
Please refer to section 12 (Opt-Out Rights) and section 13 (Your Choices and Controls) section below for opting out from Start.io Network or exercising other rights granted to you in accordance with any applicable law.
Use of your information for other purposes
The information we collect, and which is shared with us will be used for the following additional purposes:
To improveio Solution, develop new services update or upgrade existing services and to enhance your experience with Start.io Solution.
To operate, maintain, protect and manage io Solution, and to manage other administrative and operational aspects of our Start.io Solution.
To audit and track usage statistics and traffic flow, and detect fraud in connection with io Solution.
To protect the rights or property of Start.io or third parties.
To enforce this Policy and prevent unlawful activities and misuse of Start.io Solution.
to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims.
to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party or for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
To comply with any applicable laws and assist law enforcement agencies when we have a good faith belief that our cooperation with them meets the applicable legal standards.
To take any action in any case of dispute involving you with respect to Start.io Solution.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information, the usage of your data for the above purpose is based on our legitimate interests of: (i) operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving Start.io Solution (your ADID is not required for performing these actions); (ii) auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, detect fraud in connection with Start.io Solution and calculate payments (your personal information is not required for performing these actions); and (iii) protect the rights or property of Start.io or third parties.
Sharing Data with third parties
We may share your data (or part of it) in accordance with the following:
We will share, license, sell, transfer or make available your data (or part of it) with Advertisers, advertising networks, Business Partners and/or our Data Partners which may use it while serving you targeted and/or personalized advertisements, as detailed in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
) above, and pursuant to your consent as detailed there.
We will share ADIDs collected by us, with attribution partners for the purpose of measurement and attribution of the Advertising, which is used for calculate payments, detect invalid traffic (fraud), security or technical issues in connection with Start.io Solution.
If you have breached the terms or this Policy, abused your rights to use the App, or violated any applicable law, or in any other case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to the App, your information may be shared with competent authorities and with any third party, as may be required.
We may share information that we collect or obtain through the App with the relevant authorities, entities or persons if we are required by law to share or disclose your information.
Personal identifiable information may be shared with, or transferred to, our affiliated corporate group entities (entities controlled by, under common control with, or controlling us, directly or indirectly; “
Affiliates
”), but their use of such information must comply with this Policy.
Upon bankruptcy, dissolution or other liquidation or insolvency events or in the event of merger, sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets or shares or other reorganization or reconstruction in our ongoing business, the information that we receive, collect or obtain, as outlined in the preceding sections, may be shared with or transferred to, that respective entity to the extent strictly necessary for continued provision of services, provided that it will undertake to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration. Upon such transfer or sharing of information, that entity will assume full and exclusive responsibility for all subsequent use and processing it makes of the information and we will be released from any liability to you, regarding the succeeding entity’s use and processing of the information by it.
In any case other than the above mentioned in this Policy, your personal identifiable information will be shared with others only if you provide your consent, as described in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
) above.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information, sharing of your data pursuant to subsection (a) is based on your consent, as described in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
), and for other subsections is based on our legitimate interests.
Cookies and Data Collection by Third Party
If you open a mobile webpage from an App where our SDK is installed or embedded, we may place a cookie on your device mobile browser with your Advertising ID which will be used by us for the Purpose (serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you on that mobile browser) (the “
Cookie
”). When running advertising campaigns, provided, enabled or supported by us on your mobile browser, the Cookie will enable us to identify you as the user of the mobile browser and personalize you accordingly.
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your experience may be limited. For more information about cookies and your controls in this regard, you may review the following links:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/mdmf7d5714d4/web
(Safari); and
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
Non-personal and/or anonymized data
We may collect, process and use non-personal and/or anonymized data, which does not identify you personally (which includes personal data which has been further anonymized). Such non-personal and/or anonymized data may be collected, processed and used by us in any way, including by posting, disseminating, transmitting, sharing or otherwise communicating or making it available to third parties.
For example: (i) we may use your data, after deleting your ADID, for market research purpose; and (ii) Start.io’s SDK includes Open Measurement Software Development Kit by IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) for the purpose of verifying that ads were actually viewed. We do not share any personal data with IAB or through the OM SDK.
Opt-Out Rights
You may easily opt-out of certain data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising related to Start.io Network, by sending us an email to
privacy@start.io
, and elaborating what service you choose to opt-out from.
Please note that we may have to contact you, if we have to verify your identity, within fourteen (14) days from receiving your application to us. You hereby agree that we will use your email for that purpose.
We will exercise your request within thirty (30) days from receiving it or verifying your identity (as applicable).
Opting-out provides you with the choice to receive advertisements that are not targeted to you and to control the data collected on you for the purpose of displaying Advertisements. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive Advertisements from Start.io Network, but subject to your opt-out choice, such Advertising will not be personalized or targeted by us.
Your Choice
Effect of opting out
Opt-out from Start.io Network.
(i) we will (a) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID (which makes sure you cannot be identified personally); and/or (b) delete your personal data – as further described in Section 15 (
Data Retention
);
(ii) Advertisements provided or supported by Start.io Solution will not be customized to you and may be not relevant to you, which will limit your experience with Start.io Solution;
(iii) we will share your choice with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to either delete your personal data or make your data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information” – for end users who are subject to CCPA
we will not share your personal information with our customers, such as: advertisers, DSPs and Data Partners. Please note that we may continue to support or enable serving of advertisements to you that do not use your personal data (i.e.: not targeted or customized to you based on your profile or personal information).
Stop sharing your location with us and with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners
(i) we will stop collecting your location in all means detailed in Section 3 of this Policy;
(ii) we will anonymize your Location data;
(iii) we will share your choice with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to either delete your location data or make your location data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
Stop sharing your data with our Data Partners; and/or
Opting-out from Data Partners
(i) we will not share your ADID with our Data Partners;
(ii) we will share your choice with our Data Partners and ask them to either delete your personal data or make your data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
Please note, however, that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our Data Partners, and other third parties. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of our Data Partners which are available at:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Opting-out from sharing your data with our Data Partners does not constitute an opt-out from the entire Start.io Network. Therefore, your data may be still processed by Start.io, Advertisers and Business Partners of Start.io. You may choose to opt-out from the entire Start.io Network, as described above.
Opt-out from placing our cookie on your mobile browser
We will not be able to support, enable or place Advertisements customized to you on your mobile browser.
In addition, you may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser (as detailed in the Cookie section above).
We do not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do Not Track signals, please see
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
In addition to the above, you may limit the disclosure of certain data by your mobile device to us and our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
For iOS mobile Devices
, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.”;
For Android mobile Devices
, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
Please read your device specific information to learn more about your personal advertising preferences:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
You may also
Contact Us
and we will be happy to assist you.
Your Choices and Controls
In addition to your Opt-Out Rights (Section 12 above), you have the right to exercise any of the following rights (or their equivalent), as well as other rights granted to you, subject to and in accordance with the laws apply to you which grant you such right(s) (if any) (“
your Right
(s)”). You can exercise your Right(s) by sending us an email to
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, which elaborates the Right(s) you would like to exercise (such as: “
Consent Withdraw
”) (a “
Request
”). We may have to communicate with you in order to process your Request, including to verify your identity. By sending us a Request you hereby agree that we will communicate with you for that purpose.
Your Right
Start.io Action
A1. Consent withdraw
if the lawful basis for collection and processing of your personal information is your consent, you may withdraw your consent granted to us (directly or indirectly)
(i) we will (a) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID; or (b) delete your personal data – as described in Section 15 (
Data Retention
);
(iii) we will share your request with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to anonymize your data
We may contact you, if we have to verify your identity, within fourteen (14) days from receiving your Request.
We will exercise your Right within thirty (30) days from receiving your Request or verifying your identity (as applicable).
A2. Right to object
you may object to the processing of your personal data by us
A3. Right to erasure
(to be forgotten)
Right to request us to delete or remove the personal information collected by or shared with us throughout Start.io Network
B1. Right of access /
B2. data portability
Right to receive a copy of the data collected by or shared with us throughout Start.io Network and/or transfer it to third party
We will send to your email address a copy of the data collected about you in the course of using Start.io Solution. You hereby agree and authorize us to send you such email and to communicate with you in order to process your Request, including to verify your identity, if required.
We will exercise your Right within fourteen (14) days from receiving your Request or verifying your identity (as applicable).
Following receipt of a copy of your data, you may ask us to rectify or delete that data (i.e. anonymizing it).
Exercise of above Rights will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before they were exercised. We may continue to process information which your consent is not required for, subject to any applicable law. Note that, data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to your data, which may also apply.
Where we are not able to provide you with the data you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this and inform you of your rights, including the right to complain to the supervisor authority.
When we are in a position of a processor of your data, we will exercise the above rights if we receive a request from the data controller without validating your identity. In other circumstances, such validation may be a condition for exercising your Rights(s) by us.
After opting-out from Start.io Network and/exercising any of the rights under categories A1-3 above (i) we may continue to receive data about you from other entities which use Start.io Solution or throughout Start.io Network. Provided however that we will process your personal data for the purpose of serving ads based on data shared with us (i.e.: in our capacity as data processor only); (ii) we may serve you Advertisements that are not based on your profile or not targeted to you; (iii) we will continue with processing of data which does not require your consent; and (iv) if you grant us your reconsent (directly or indirectly, as stated above), we shall process your data pursuant to this Policy, provided that only data collected by or shared with us after your reconsent will be used by us for the Purpose.
Data Security
Your privacy is very important to Start.io and we are committed to protecting your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For more information on our security measures, please click
here
.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, unless stated otherwise by applicable laws, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will be able to prevent such access.
Data Retention
We retain the personal data we collect, in accordance and compliance with applicable laws, and in accordance with the following:
In any of the events detailed in Sections 12 (
Opt-Out Rights
) or 13 (
Your Choices and Controls – categories A1-3
) we will (i) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID stored in our operational database; and/or (ii) delete the personal data actually collected about you whose collection and process required your consent;
We will not use your personal information for the Purpose during more than: (a) 12 months for End Users in the EU or UK; or (b) 36 months for all other End Users. We shall either delete from our operational database data whose age is more than the above period
or
anonymize your data by deleting your ADID from our operational database (and thereafter we will not be able to use the personal data collected and processed about you for the Purpose).
Provided however that
, when we delete or anonymize your ADID and/or your data from our
operational databases
, it will not be deleted from our
archive
, due to our platform technical design limitation, which makes it impossible to rewrite the entire code which consists your ADID. We have designed our platform in a way that your personal data, which is left in our archive following your request to opt-out from Start.io Network (or equivalent request) will not be processed, used or shared with any third party following such request.
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store or process your personal data in the United States or in other territories. We may transfer store or process your personal data by third party suppliers and data processors located in the United States or in other territories.
If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Data requires your consent, then your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your data.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of data protection upon its transfer outside of the EEA.
Any transfers, whether to third parties or internally, of personal information from the EEA to countries not deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection are governed by European Union (EU) Standard Contractual Clauses and/or equivalent data transfer regulations to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information.
California End Users – CCPA
Without derogating from the provisions of this Policy, please note that:
The categories of personal data collected by Start.io are elaborated in Sections 2, 3 and 4;
Our usage of the data (including sharing of data) is elaborated in Sections 7, 8 and 9;
Your opt out right and other rights are elaborated in Sections 12 and 13.
Changes to The Policy
This Policy may be updated by us from time to time. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days from update. Other changes will take effect 7 days from update. If the Policy is amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately. The most up-to-date Policy as well as any updated to this Policy will be published and will be available in the following link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
. We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, process, use and share your information through Start.io Network.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please write to us at:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
You can also contact us via email at:
privacy@start.io
.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@start.io
.
Please be sure to include your name, address and email address in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
For your convenience, this Policy may be translated from English to several other languages. Please note that in any discrepancies or inconsistencies between the translation available to you (if any) and the English version, the English version (available at: link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) shall prevail.
Last update
: August 29, 2022
Charte de confidentialité des utilisateurs de Start.io
Start.io Inc. et ses filiales (ci-après «
nous
», «
notre entreprise
», «
notre
» ou «
Start.io
») respectent votre vie privée.
Cette charte de confidentialité (aussi appelée la «
Politique
» dans la présente) définit les engagements de confidentialité de Start.io vis-à-vis de vos données personnelles sur l’ensemble de son réseau, la manière dont vos informations et données personnelles sont collectées, utilisées et partagées. Elle vous informe aussi sur les droits et options mises à votre disposition concernant vos données personnelles.
Qui sommes-nous ?
Start.io est une société publicitaire et de gestion de données mobile qui développe, exploite et soutient une plateforme, une solution et un réseau publicitaire (ci-après la «
Solution Start.io
») dans le but de diffuser des publicités ciblées et personnalisées à des personnes (les «
Utilisateurs finaux
») en fonction de leur profil.
Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur Start.io, vous pouvez consulter notre site Web :
www.start.io
ou nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
support@start.io
.
Présentation du réseau Start.io
.
La Solution Start.io collecte et traite vos données personnelles, votre géolocalisation et d’autres données provenant de plusieurs sources, comme le kit de développement logiciel SDK de Start.io (qui est également intégré dans diverses applications mobiles), la plateforme Start.io RTB utilisée pour la diffusion de publicités en temps réel, des plateformes partenaires, mais aussi des annonceurs et des fournisseurs de données, tous dénommés les «
Sources de données
» dans le présent document.
Start.io partage ou met ces données (ou une partie d’entre elles) à disposition des entités suivantes : (i) les «
Annonceurs
» qui gèrent leurs campagnes sur l’inventaire Start.io (applications mobiles engagées directement avec Start.io ou indirectement via d’autres réseaux ou plateformes de publicité) ; (ii) les «
Partenaires commerciaux
». Ce sont des agences de publicité ou d’autres partenaires commerciaux qui mènent leurs campagnes sur l’inventaire Start.io ou sur un inventaire indépendant et qui traitent ou contrôlent les données ; (iii) les entreprises tierces qui exécutent ou exploitent leurs propres bases de données, solutions ou plateformes pour contrôler et utiliser vos données avec d’autres données traitées (les «
Partenaires de données
»).
Le «
Réseau Start.io
» désigne le réseau publicitaire de Start.io qui comprend les Sources de données, mais aussi les Annonceurs, les Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données qui les collectent, les traitent, les utilisent, les mettent à disposition et les partagent pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente (comme défini plus bas).
Finalités du traitement des données
.
Vos données sont collectées, traitées, utilisées et partagées par Start.io à
travers le réseau Start.io
afin de
vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil
, sans oublier que,
si nous anonymisons vos données
,
nous pourrons aussi
les utiliser pour d’autres finalités
(ensemble : les « Finalités »).
Les données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées, sont des données qui ne vous identifient pas personnellement et qui ne sont pas identifiables. L’anonymisation peut être effectuée via la suppression, le hachage ou le chiffrement de votre identifiant publicitaire (ou MAID), un identifiant personnel que nous utilisons pour différencier vos données de celles d’autres utilisateurs, et les rendre identifiables.
Si vous ne souhaitez plus recevoir de publicités, contactez notre centre d’assistance à l’adresse suivante
:
support@start.io
.
Veuillez noter que ce n’est pas Start.io qui décide d’afficher les publicités de l’application mobile que vous utilisez, mais le développeur ou l’éditeur de ladite application qui utilise (directement ou indirectement) nos services. Cependant, nous pensons que vous tirez parti de ces applications car, dans la plupart des cas, l’affichage des Publicités est essentiel puisqu’il vous permet de bénéficier de ces applications et services gratuitement. De plus, lorsque le développeur ou l’éditeur de l’application utilise nos services (directement ou indirectement), les
publicités qui vous sont proposées peuvent être optimisées et/ou personnalisées, ce qui améliore votre expérience
.
Si vous souhaitez ne plus recevoir de publicités, vous devez contacter le
développeur
ou l’éditeur de l’application, dont vous pouvez trouver les coordonnées sur
Google Play
ou sur l’
App Store d’Apple
et soumettez-lui votre demande. Vous pouvez aussi modifier les paramètres de votre téléphone mobile (
IOS
/
Android
).
Vous pouvez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante:
support@start.io
et nous ferons de notre mieux pour vous aider.
Désinscription
.
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire de l’ensemble du réseau Start.io et/ou cesser de partager vos données personnelles avec nos Partenaires de données,
en faisant votre choix dans la section 12 (
Règles de désinscription
)
.
En vous désinscrivant,
l’expérience publicitaire qui vous est proposée au sein du réseau Start.io ne sera plus optimisée ou personnalisée.
Start.io peut contrôler ou sous-traiter vos données personnelles, en fonction du processus de collecte des données par ou via chaque Source de données et en fonction de leur utilisation par nous ou chacun de nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux ou Partenaires de données.
Vous acceptez par les présentes l’utilisation : (a) de processus électroniques pour apporter votre consentement à la présente Politique, pour la remplir et recevoir tout type de communication, en vertu de la présente Politique et (b) de dossiers électroniques pour conserver ses informations.
Présentation de notre charte de confidentialité
Section
Sommaire
2
Les informations que nous recueillons directement ou indirectement
Nous collecterons, nous traiterons, nous utiliserons et nous partagerons (conformément à la présente Politique) les données suivantes à chaque fois qu’elles seront accessibles : votre Identifiant publicitaire, vos adresses de protocole Internet, votre géolocalisation, le nom de l’application (sur laquelle notre SDK est installé), votre sexe, votre âge (connus ou assumés), les données de requête des applications installées, les propriétés de vos appareils, les appareils appairés en Bluetooth, les capteurs de vos appareils, votre opérateur, votre FAI, les informations de votre réseau, vos données Wi-Fi, vos données d’itinérance, vos fuseaux horaires locaux, vos paramétrages de langue et vos données comportementales qui sont définies par les mots clés partagés avec nous.
3
Collecte de vos données de géolocalisation
Nous collecterons, traiterons, utiliserons et partagerons (conformément à la présente Politique) les données suivantes, à chaque fois qu’elles seront accessibles : votre géolocalisation exacte (si vous autorisez l’application sur laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré).
Nous assumerons votre géolocalisation si vous êtes connecté à un réseau Wi-Fi et/ou à un réseau mobile dont nous connaissons l’emplacement présumé.
Nous pourrons connaître votre pays, votre ville et votre région à l’aide de votre adresse IP ou d’autres Sources de données.
4
Les informations que nous recueillons des Annonceurs ou à partir de votre interaction avec les Publicités
Lorsque vous interagissez avec une Publicité, l’attribution et l’évaluation de cette publicité seront partagées avec nous. Nous pouvons recevoir les utilisations et/ou activités post-clic des applications mobiles dont les Publicités conduisent vers des applications ou services.
5
Collecte des données sensibles
Start.io n’a pas besoin de collecter ou solliciter sciemment ou intentionnellement des données sensibles des utilisateurs finaux.
6
Vie privée des enfants
Start.io ne recueille ni ne sollicite sciemment ou intentionnellement aucun renseignement personnel auprès d’enfants (tel que la loi les y oblige).
7
Utilisation de vos données personnelles pour des Publicités personnalisées et ciblées
Nous utiliserons (nous vendrons, nous concéderons sous licence ou nous partagerons) les données collectées ou partagées pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente, c’est-à-dire : vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil et de vos activités.
8
Utilisation de vos données à d’autres fins
Nous utiliserons également les données recueillies ou partagées à d’autres fins, comme par exemple : l’optimisation de la Solution Start.io, le développement de nouveaux services, la mise à jour ou l’amélioration de services existants ; la mise en route, la maintenance, la protection et la gestion des Solutions Start.io ; la mise en place d’audits, de suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic ; la détection de fraudes en rapport avec la Solution Start.io ; l’application de la présente Politique et la prévention d’activités illégales ; et le respect de toutes les lois applicables.
9
Le partage de données avec des tiers
Nous pouvons partager vos données (ou une partie de ces données) avec des Annonceurs, des réseaux publicitaires, les Partenaires commerciaux et/ou des Partenaires de données ; des partenaires d’attribution ; les autorités compétentes ; les entités affiliées à notre groupe ; et en cas de fusion, de vente ou de transfert de tout ou partie de nos actifs ou de nos actions, ou en cas de toute autre réorganisation ou reconstruction de nos activités.
10
Cookies et collecte de données par des entreprises tierces
Si vous ouvrez une page Web mobile à partir d’une application dans laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré, nous avons le droit de placer un cookie sur le navigateur mobile de votre appareil avec votre Identifiant publicitaire que nous utiliserons pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente.
11
Données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées
Les données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées pourront être collectées, traitées et utilisées par nos soins de quelque manière que ce soit.
12
Droits de désinscription (et « Ne pas vendre mes données personnelles » pour les utilisateurs finaux de Californie)
Vous pouvez facilement vous désinscrire de certains processus de collectes et de partage de données, et de certaines publicités liées au réseau Start.io en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le service duquel vous souhaitez vous désinscrire.
De plus, les utilisateurs finaux de Californie peuvent appeler le 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (code de service : 234) pour se désinscrire.
13
Vos choix et contrôles
Vous avez le droit d’exercer l’un des droits suivants, dans le respect des lois applicables, en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
ou
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le(s) droit(s) que vous souhaitez exercer : retrait de votre consentement, objection, effacement (droit à l’oublie), accès à vos données, portabilité de vos données.
14
La sécurité des données
Nous avons mis en œuvre des mesures de sécurité physiques, techniques et administratives pour protéger nos Services, dans le plus grand respect des lois en vigueur et des normes de l’industrie concernée.
15
La conservation des données
Nous conservons les données personnelles que nous avons collectées, dans le respect des lois en vigueur, mais, dans tous les cas, nous n’utiliserons pas vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente pendant plus de 12 mois.
16
Transfert de données en dehors de votre territoire
Nous pouvons stocker ou traiter vos données personnelles aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires. Sous réserve des lois applicables, votre consentement à la présente charte de confidentialité implique votre consentement explicite de ce transfert de données.
17
Utilisateurs finaux de Californie – CCPA
Informations générales pour les utilisateurs finaux soumis à la CCPA.
18
Modifications de la présente Charte de confidentialité
De temps à autre, nous serons amenés à mettre à jour la présente Charte de confidentialité. La version la plus récente, mais aussi toutes les mises à jour seront publiées et disponibles sur la page suivante :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-fr/
.
19
Contactez-nous
Vous pouvez également nous contacter par e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
support@start.io
.
20
Agent de protection des données
Vous pouvez contacter notre agent délégué à la protection des données à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
.
Les informations que nous recueillons directement ou indirectement à travers les Sources de données
Nous collecterons et traiterons tout ou partie des données suivantes (en fonction de la technologie intégrée ou utilisée, des données disponibles, mais aussi des autres autorisations), si vous téléchargez une application sur laquelle notre SDK Start.io est installé ou intégré, et/ou si vos données sont partagées avec notre entreprise, lorsque nous sommes intégrés ou connectés à d’autres réseaux, agences ou plateformes publicitaires (comme les RTB) :
Les identifiants en ligne : Identifiant publicitaire (IDFA pour les dispositifs iOS et AAID pour les dispositifs Android) (ci-après les «
ADID
»).
Adresses de protocole Internet (ci-après les «
IP
»).
Veuillez noter que, bien que les ADID et les adresses IP soient considérés comme des données personnellement identifiables dans de nombreuses juridictions (notamment dans l’EEE), il existe certaines juridictions dans lesquelles de telles données ne sont pas considérées comme des données personnelles.
Géolocalisation : comme indiqué dans la section 3 ci-dessous.
Nom de l’application (sur laquelle le SDK est installé) et sa catégorie ; pour les applications sans SDK : nom de l’application mobile par laquelle vous interagissez avec le réseau Start.io.
Sexe et âge (provenant de notre déduction ou partagés par une autre Source de données).
Données d’une requête qui demande si certaines applications sont déjà installées sur votre appareil mobile (représentation de hachage unidirectionnelle).
Autres données génériques : propriétés de l’appareil (système d’exploitation, version du système d’exploitation et type d’appareil), appareils appairés en Bluetooth, capteurs d’appareil (l’accéléromètre, par exemple), votre opérateur, les données de connexion réseau et les données Wi-Fi, les données d’itinérance, le fuseau horaire local, les paramètres de langue.
Start.io SDK
est un logiciel intégré ou préinstallé dans les applications mobiles. Il permet aux développeurs, propriétaires ou opérateurs de ces applications de vous proposer, à vous et à d’autres utilisateurs finaux, des publicités personnalisées.
«
Publicité
» ou «
Pub
» désigne tout type de contenu publicitaire : textes, images, vidéos, audio, graphiques, musique, logos et tout
autre
matériel ou contenu faisant la promotion de biens et de services (ou d’applications mobiles, de logiciels, etc.) fournis, activés, pris en charge ou facilités par le réseau Start.io.
«
RTB
» signifie « real-time bidding » (enchère en temps réel en anglais). Le RTB est une plateforme ou une solution dans laquelle l’inventaire publicitaire est acheté et vendu sur le principe de la pré-impression, via un processus d’enchère instantané qui repose, dans la plupart des cas, sur les données de l’utilisateur partagées avec l’annonceur ou le réseau publicitaire (Start.io par exemple). L’annonceur qui remporte l’enchère affiche sa publicité à cet utilisateur dans l’inventaire des enchères.
Collecte de vos données de géolocalisation
Votre «
Géolocalisation
» peut être mis à notre disposition dans l’un des cas de figure suivants :
Nous pouvons collecter votre géolocalisation exacte, via votre téléphone mobile, si vous vous autorisez l’accès à votre application (dans laquelle Start.io SDK est pré-installé ou intégré). Veuillez noter que nous ne recueillons pas votre géolocalisation en temps réel, mais le dernier lieu connu disponible pour notre SDK.
Nous pouvons assumer votre géolocalisation si vous êtes connecté à un réseau Wi-Fi dont nous connaissons l’emplacement.
Veuillez noter que nous ne pourrons pas collecter votre géolocalisation conformément aux paragraphes (a) et (b) si vous désactiver cette autorisation pour la/les application(s) sur laquelle/lesquelles SDK est pré-installé ou intégré.
Nous pouvons estimer votre géolocalisation en collectant les données d’un réseau mobile auquel vous êtes connecté, si nous connaissons son emplacement.
Nous pouvons connaître votre pays, ville et région à partir de votre adresse IP qui sera collectée par le SDK ou à l’aide d’autres Sources de données, ou d’autres données partagées par des entreprises tierces (par exemple, via le processus d’intégration RTB).
Veuillez noter qu’en désactivant l’autorisation à vos données de géolocalisation sur une application (via le système d’exploitation de votre dispositif mobile), nous pouvons toujours collecter votre localisation auprès d’autres sources disponibles, décrites dans les sous-sections (b) (c) et (d).
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire des services de géolocalisation à tout moment en modifiant les paramètres de votre dispositif. En outre, vous pouvez choisir de ne pas partager votre géolocalisation avec nous,
quelle que soit la source
, comme indiqué dans la Section 12
(
Droits de désinscription
) suivante
.
Les informations que nous recueillons des Annonceurs ou à partir de votre interaction avec les Publicités
Lorsque vous interagissez avec une Publicité fournie, prise en charge ou activée par nos soins, son attribution et son évaluation nous sont communiquées par des services tiers (appelés
« Partenaires d’attribution »
). Nous utiliserons ces données pour la limitation du nombre d’expositions (par exemple, si et quand vous présenter une Publicité similaire), mais aussi pour l’attribution et l’évaluation de la publicité.
En outre, les éditeurs, développeurs et/ou propriétaires d’applications mobiles, dont l’application mobile est utilisée par la publicité (incitation à l’installation de l’application mobile) et/ou les services peuvent partager avec Start.io votre utilisation et/ou votre activité post-clic, ou des services en fonction de votre interaction avec la publicité. Cet usage et/ou activité peut inclure les données des achats que vous effectuez (le montant par exemple), des abonnements que vous achetez ou votre niveau de progression (dans des jeux). Nous utiliserons ces informations pour optimiser les campagnes publicitaires à venir des éditeurs, développeurs et/ou propriétaires de ces applications mobiles par le biais du réseau Start.io, pour les Finalités décrites dans la section 8 suivante.
Collecte des données sensibles
Start.io n’a pas besoin de collecter, de solliciter ou de traiter sciemment ou intentionnellement des données sensibles des utilisateurs finaux.
Le terme « données sensibles »
aura la signification qui lui est donnée par la juridiction et les lois sur la vie privée en vigueur dans votre pays.
Veuillez noter que la définition du terme « données sensibles » peut être sensiblement  différente selon les pays. Dans certaines juridictions, les données sensibles peuvent inclure : l’origine raciale, ethnique ou communautaire de l’utilisateur ; les affiliations ou opinions politiques ; les croyances religieuses, philosophiques ou toute autre croyance de la même nature ; les informations intimes ou la vie sexuelle ; les coordonnées bancaires, les informations de solvabilité, le compte bancaire, le numéro de carte de crédit ; le casier judiciaire ; l’appartenance à un parti politique ou à un syndicat ; la santé physique ou mentale, l’assurance maladie, les données médicales et/ou biométriques.
Si vous vous apprenez ou si avez des raisons de croire que l’on vous a demandé de fournir vos données sensibles ou que Start.io Network a traité vos données considérées sensibles, conformément aux lois sur la protection de la vie privée qui s’appliquent dans votre juridiction, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
et nous prendrons des mesures pour nous assurer que ces données seront immédiatement supprimées de nos fichiers.
Vie privée des Mineurs
Start.io est conforme à la législation applicable relative à la protection de la vie privée des Enfants, nous respectons la loi américaine sur la protection de la vie privée en ligne (la «
COPPA
»). Ainsi, nous ne collectons ni ne cherchons sciemment ou intentionnellement les données personnelles des Enfants tel que le définit la loi en vigueur, et en particulier les personnes de moins de 13 ans domiciliés aux États-Unis ou de moins de 16 ans domiciliées dans l’UE ; (dénommés dans la présente les «
Enfants
» ou «
Mineurs
»), sauf dans les cas permis par la loi en vigueur.
Si nous apprenons qu’un utilisateur final est considéré comme un Mineur en vertu de la loi applicable et que nous traitons des données personnelles le concernant (non autorisées par la législation en vigueur), nous prendrons immédiatement des mesures pour supprimer ses données personnelles. De plus, nous demandons aux Enfants de ne pas nous fournir volontairement leurs données personnelles sur le réseau Start.io.
Si vous vous rendez compte ou si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’un Enfant a partagé des données personnelles sur notre réseau, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. Nous prendrons les mesures nécessaires pour que ces données personnelles soient immédiatement supprimées de nos fichiers, dans la mesure requise par la loi en vigueur.
Utilisation de vos données personnelles pour des Publicités personnalisées et ciblées
Nous utiliserons (nous vendrons, concéderons sous licence ou partagerons) les données collectées ou partagées pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente, c’est-à-dire : vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil et de vos activités.
Votre profil est le résultat probable de nos analyses, hypothèses et conclusions suite à l’observation de votre comportement, de vos intérêts et vos intentions, en fonction des données que nous avons collectées ou reçues des Sources de données (définies plus haut) et rassemblées dans une base de données personnelle.
Veuillez noter que des publicités ciblées et personnalisées peuvent vous être envoyées dans notre inventaire et/ou par nos Partenaires commerciaux ou Partenaires de données, avec lesquels nous partageons vos données.
Veuillez noter que lorsque nous partageons vos données avec un tiers, celles-ci sont soumises à la charte de confidentialité de ce tiers.
La liste des partenaires commerciaux ou des partenaires de données qui nous ont demandé de vous communiquer leur charte de confidentialité est disponible à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles : la base légale permettant le traitement de vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente est votre consentement. Celui-ci peut nous être fourni directement ou indirectement par le biais de tierces parties
(par exemple le signal RTB ou tout autre type de signal). Votre consentement peut être général (pour toutes les données collectées, traitées, utilisées et/ou partagées) ou concerner uniquement certaines données spécifiques partagées avec nous lors de certains événements (comme les données partagées par un signal RTB ou tout autre type de signal). Nous nous conformerons à la portée de votre consentement concernant les données que vous souhaitez communiquer ou partager avec nous.
Veuillez noter que lorsque certaines données sont partagées par une tierce partie via un signal de « non-consentement » (ou un signal équivalent), cela n’affectera pas votre consentement envers notre entreprise en général ou via d’autres signaux de « consentement ». Nous ne considérons pas non plus que ce cas de figure concerne l’exercice de vos droits en vertu de l’article 12 (Droits de désinscription) ou de l’article 13 (Vos choix et contrôles), qui doivent être exercés de la manière décrite dans la présente.
Veuillez vous reporter à la section 12 (Droits de désinscription) et à la section 13 (Vos choix et contrôles) ci-dessous pour vous désinscrire de Start.io Network ou pour exercer d’autres droits qui vous sont accordés par la loi.
Utilisation de vos données à d’autres fins
Les données que nous collectons et qui sont partagées avec nous seront utilisées aux fins supplémentaires suivantes :
Pour améliorer la solution Start.io, développer de nouveaux services ou mettre à niveau les services existants et améliorer votre interaction avec la Solution Start.io.
Pour exploiter, entretenir, protéger et gérer la Solution Start.io, mais aussi pour gérer les autres aspects administratifs et opérationnels de notre Solution Start.io.
Pour auditer et faire un suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic, et détecter les fraudes liées à la Solution Start.io.
Pour protéger les droits ou la propriété de Start.io ou d’entreprises tierces.
Pour appliquer la présente Politique et prévenir toute activité illégale, toute utilisation abusive de la solution Start.io.
Pour établir ou exercer nos droits de nous défendre contre des actions en justice.
Pour éviter toute atteinte aux droits, à la propriété ou à la sécurité de notre entreprise, de nos utilisateurs, de vous-même ou de toute autre entité, ou dans le but de collaborer avec les forces de l’ordre ou, si nous le jugeons nécessaire, de faire respecter les droits de propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre droit.
Pour nous conformer aux lois applicables et aider les forces de l’ordre lorsque nous croyons de bonne foi que notre coopération avec ladite entité est conforme aux normes juridiques applicables.
Pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire en cas de litige concernant votre utilisation de la Solution Start.io.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles, l’utilisation de vos données aux fins susmentionnées se fera en fonction nos intérêts légitimes : (i) exploitation, proposition, maintenance, protection, gestion, personnalisation et amélioration de la Solution Start.io (votre ADID n’est pas requis pour effectuer ces actions) ; (ii) audit et suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic, détection des fraudes liées à la Solution Start.io et calcule les paiements (vos données personnelles ne sont pas requises pour effectuer ces actions) ; et (iii) protection des droits ou de la propriété de Start.io et d’entreprises tierces.
Le partage de données avec des tiers
Nous pouvons partager vos données (ou une partie de celles-ci) conformément à ce qui suit :
Nous partagerons, concéderons sous licence, vendrons, transférons ou mettrons vos données (ou une partie de celles-ci) à disposition d’Annonceurs, des Réseaux publicitaires, de partenaires commerciaux et/ou de Partenaires de données qui pourront les utiliser pour vous proposer des publicités ciblées et/ou personnalisées, comme indiqué en détail dans la
section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
) ci-dessus, et conformément à votre consentement, tel que détaillé dans la présente.
Nous partagerons les ADID collectés par nos soins avec des partenaires d’attribution afin d’évaluer et d’attribuer la Publicité. Ils seront utilisés pour calculer les paiements, détecter les problèmes de trafic (fraude), de sécurité ou les problèmes techniques en relation avec la Solution Start.io.
Si vous avez enfreint nos conditions d’utilisation ou la présente Politique, abusé de votre droit d’utiliser l’Application, ou enfreint toute loi applicable, ou dans tout autre cas de contestation, ou toute procédure judiciaire de quelque nature que ce soit vous impliquant et concernant l’Application, vos données pourront être : partagées avec les autorités compétentes et avec toute autre tierce partie, si cela est nécessaire.
Nous pouvons partager les données que nous recueillons ou obtenons via l’Application avec les autorités, entités ou personnes concernées si nous y sommes obligés par la loi.
Les données personnelles identifiables peuvent être partagées ou transférées aux entités affiliées à notre groupe (les entités contrôlées par notre entreprise, les entités sous contrôle commun, mais aussi les entités nous contrôlant, directement ou indirectement, ci-après : les «
Sociétés affiliées
»), mais leur utilisation de ces données doit être conforme à la présente Politique.
En cas de faillite, de dissolution ou d’autres événements de liquidation ou d’insolvabilité ou en cas de fusion, vente ou transfert de tout ou partie de nos actifs ou de nos actions ou autre réorganisation ou reconstruction de nos activités en cours, les données que nous recevons, recueillons ou obtenons, comme indiqué dans les sections précédentes, peuvent être partagées ou transférées à cette entité respective dans la mesure strictement nécessaire à la poursuite de la prestation des services, à condition qu’elle s’engage à respecter les dispositions de la présente Politique, tout en tenant compte des modifications raisonnablement nécessaires. Lors de ce transfert ou de ce partage de données, cette entité assumera l’entière et exclusive responsabilité de toute utilisation et traitement ultérieurs des données et nous ne serons en aucun cas responsables
de l’utilisation et du traitement des données réalisés par cette entité.
Dans tout autre cas de figure que ceux mentionnés dans la présente Politique, vos données personnelles identifiables seront partagées avec des tiers uniquement si vous donnez votre consentement, comme décrit à la Section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
) ci-dessus.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles, le partage de vos données en vertu de l’alinéa (a) se fera sur la base de votre consentement, comme décrit dans la section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
), et pour les autres sous-sections, sur la base de nos intérêts légitimes.
Cookies et collecte de données par des entreprises tierces
Si vous ouvrez une page Web mobile à partir d’une application dans laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré, nous avons le droit de placer un cookie (ci-après, le/les «
Cookie(s)
») sur le navigateur mobile de votre appareil avec votre Identifiant publicitaire que nous utiliserons pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente (pour vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées sur ce navigateur mobile). Lors de l’exécution de campagnes publicitaires proposées, activées ou soutenues par nos soins sur votre navigateur mobile, le Cookie nous permettra de vous identifier en tant qu’utilisateur du navigateur mobile et de personnaliser les publicités en conséquence.
La plupart des navigateurs vous permettent d’effacer les Cookies de votre appareil, de bloquer leur acceptation ou de recevoir un avertissement avant l’enregistrement d’un Cookie. Cependant, si vous bloquez ou effacez les Cookies, votre expérience sera limitée. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les Cookies et leur contrôle, nous vous invitons à consulter les liens suivants :
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; et
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées
Nous pouvons collecter, traiter et utiliser des données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées, qui ne vous identifient pas personnellement (qui incluent des données personnelles anonymisées). Ces données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées peuvent être collectées, traitées et utilisées par nous de quelque manière que ce soit, par exemple en les publiant, diffusant, transmettant, partageant ou même en les communiquant ou en les mettant à disposition de tierces parties.
Par exemple, (i) nous pouvons utiliser vos données, après avoir supprimé votre ADID, dans le cadre d’une études de marché ; et (ii) le SDK de Start.io inclut le kit de développement Open Measurement Software de IAB TECH LAB (« OM SDK ») afin de vérifier que les publicités ont bien été visionnées. Nous ne partageons aucune donnée personnelle avec IAB ou via l’OM SDK.
Droits de désinscription
Vous pouvez facilement vous désinscrire de certains processus de collecte et de partage de données, et de certaines publicités liées au réseau Start.io en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le service duquel vous souhaitez vous désinscrire.
Veuillez noter que nous devrons peut-être vous contacter si nous devons vérifier votre identité, dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande. Vous acceptez par la présente que nous utiliserons votre e-mail pour cette finalité.
Nous répondrons à votre demande dans les trente (30) jours suivants sa réception ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire afin de recevoir des publicités qui ne vous sont pas destinées, et pour contrôler les données collectées sur vous pour l’affichage des Publicités. Veuillez noter que même si vous vous désinscrivez, vous pouvez toujours recevoir des publicités de Start.io Network, mais sous réserve de votre choix de désabonnement, ces annonces ne seront ni personnalisées ni ciblées par notre entreprise.
Votre choix
Les effets de la désinscription
Désinscription du réseau Start.io
(i) (a) nous anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID (ce qui garantit que vous ne pouvez pas être identifié personnellement) ; et/ou (b) nous effacerons vos données personnelles, tel que cela est décrit à la Section 15 (
La conservation des données
) ;
(ii) Les publicités proposées ou prises en charge par Start.io Solution ne seront pas personnalisées et ne seront donc peut-être pas pertinentes, ce qui limitera votre utilisation de la solution Start.io ;
(iii) nous communiquerons votre choix à nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données et leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données personnelles, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
« Ne pas vendre mes données personnelles » – pour les utilisateurs finaux qui sont soumis à l’ACFPC
nous ne partagerons pas vos données personnelles avec nos clients (annonceurs, DSP et partenaires de traitement des données). Veuillez noter que nous pouvons continuer à soutenir ou à permettre la diffusion de publicités qui n’utilisent pas vos données personnelles et qui ne sont ni ciblées ni personnalisées en fonction de votre profil ou de vos données personnelles.
Si vous cessez de partager votre géolocalisation avec nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données
(i) nous arrêterons de collecter votre géolocalisation par tous les moyens décrits à la section 3 de la présente Politique ;
(ii) nous anonymiserons vos données de géolocalisation ;
(iii) nous informerons nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données de votre décision et nous leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données de géolocalisation, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
Si vous cessez de partager vos données avec nos Partenaires de données et/ou vous vous désinscrivez des listes de nos Partenaires de données
(i), nous ne partagerons pas votre ADID avec nos Partenaires de données ;
(ii) nous informerons nos partenaires de données de votre choix et nous leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données personnelles, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
Veuillez noter cependant que nous ne sommes pas responsables des engagements de confidentialité de nos Partenaires de données ou de tout autre tiers. Nous vous conseillons de consulter la Charte de confidentialité de nos Partenaires de données à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Le fait de ne pas partager vos données avec nos Partenaires de données ne constitue pas un désengagement de l’ensemble du réseau Start.io. Par conséquent, vos données peuvent toujours être traitées par Start.io, les Annonceurs et les Partenaires commerciaux de Start.io. Vous pouvez choisir de ne pas participer à l’ensemble du réseau Start.io, comme décrit plus haut.
Comment désactiver notre Cookie sur votre navigateur mobile
Nous ne serons plus en mesure de prendre en charge, d’activer ou de proposer des publicités personnalisées sur votre navigateur mobile.
Par ailleurs, vous pouvez contrôler la manière dont votre navigateur réagit aux cookies en ajustant les paramètres de confidentialité et de sécurité de votre navigateur Web (comme détaillé dans la section Cookie ci-dessus).
Nous ne répondons pas aux signaux Do Not Track. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les signaux Do Not Track, veuillez consulter la page suivante
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
En plus de ce qui précède, vous pouvez limiter la divulgation de certaines données entre votre dispositif mobile et nous, nos Annonceurs, nos Partenaires commerciaux et nos Partenaires de données en modifiant ses paramètres.
Pour les dispositifs mobiles iOS
, allez dans « Réglages » sur l’écran d’accueil de votre appareil. Faites défiler jusqu’à « Confidentialité », puis sélectionnez « Publicité » et activez « Suivi publicitaire limité ».
Pour les dispositifs mobiles Android
, accédez à « Paramètres », puis « Google » sur votre dispositif. Sélectionnez « Annonces » et cochez la case « Désactiver personnalisation des annonces ».
Veuillez lire les informations spécifiques de votre appareil pour en savoir plus sur le paramétrage de vos préférences publicitaires :
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS :
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
Vous pouvez aussi
nous contacter
, nous serons heureux de vous aider.
Vos choix et contrôles
En plus de vos droits de désinscription (voir la section 12 ci-dessus), vous avez le droit d’exercer l’un des droits suivants (ou leur équivalent), ainsi que tous les droits qui vous sont accordés, sous réserve et conformément aux lois applicables qui vous accordent ces droits (le cas échéant) (ci-après «
votre
/
vos droit(s)
»). Vous pouvez exercer vos droits en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
. Veuillez préciser le(s) droit(s) que vous souhaitez exercer (tels que : le «
Retrait de consentement
») (ci-après la «
Demande
»). Il se peut que nous devions communiquer avec vous afin de traiter votre demande, notamment pour vérifier votre identité. En nous envoyant une demande, vous acceptez par la présente que nous communiquerons avec vous dans cet objectif.
Vos droits
Actions Start.io
A1. Retrait de consentement
si votre consentement est la base légale de la collecte et du traitement de vos données personnelles, vous pouvez retirer le consentement que vous nous avez accordé (directement ou indirectement).
(i) nous (a) anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID ou (b) nous effacerons vos données personnelles, tel que cela est décrit à la Section 15 (
La conservation des données
) ;
(iii) nous communiquerons votre demande à nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données et leur demanderons d’anonymiser vos données.
Nous serons peut-être amenés à vous contacter si nous devons vérifier votre identité, dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande.
Nous vous aiderons à exercer votre droit dans les trente (30) jours suivant la réception de votre demande ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
A2. Droit d’objection
vous pouvez vous opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles par notre entreprise.
A3. Droit d’effacement
(droit à l’oublie)
Vous avez le droit de nous demander d’effacer ou de supprimer les données personnelles collectées par nos soins ou partagées avec nous sur le réseau Start.io.
B1. Droit d’accès/
B2. Portabilité des données
Vous avez le droit de recevoir une copie des données collectées par nos soins ou partagées avec nous sur le réseau Start.io et/ou de les transférer à un tiers.
Nous enverrons à votre adresse e-mail une copie des données collectées à votre sujet au cours de l’utilisation de la Solution Start.io. Vous acceptez et vous nous autorisez par la présente à vous envoyer ce genre d’e-mails et à communiquer avec vous afin de traiter vos Demandes ou pour vérifier votre identité, le cas échéant.
Nous vous aiderons à exercer votre droit dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
Après avoir reçu une copie de vos données, vous pourrez nous demander de rectifier ou de supprimer ces données (de les anonymiser par exemple).
L’exercice des droits susmentionnés n’affectera pas la légitimité du traitement fondé sur le consentement antérieur audit exercice. Nous pouvons continuer à traiter des données pour lesquelles votre consentement n’est pas requis, sous réserve des lois applicables. Veuillez noter que la confidentialité des données et des lois en vigueur dans votre pays peuvent vous donner des droits différents ou certains droits supplémentaires sur vos données, et que ceux-ci pourront s’appliquer.
Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de vous donner les données que vous avez demandées, nous nous efforcerons d’en expliquer les raisons et de vous informer de vos droits, y compris sur le droit de porter plainte auprès d’une autorité de contrôle.
Lorsque nous traitons vos données, nous exercerons les droits susmentionnés si nous recevons une demande du responsable du traitement sans valider votre identité. Dans d’autres circonstances, une telle validation peut être une condition pour exercer vos droits auprès de nous.
Après vous être désinscrit du réseau Start.io et avoir exercé l’un des droits des catégories A1 à A3 susmentionnées (i), nous pouvons continuer à recevoir des données à votre sujet d’autres entités utilisant la Solution Start.io ou sur tout le réseau Start.io. Toutefois, nous traiterons vos données personnelles dans le but de diffuser des publicités en fonction des données partagées avec nous (c.-à-d. : en notre qualité de responsables du traitement de données uniquement) ; (ii) nous pouvons vous proposer des publicités qui ne sont pas sélectionnées en fonction de votre profil ou qui ne vous sont pas destinées ; (iii) nous poursuivrons le traitement des données pour lesquelles votre consentement n’est pas requis ; et (iv) si vous nous accordez votre consentement à nouveau (directement ou indirectement, comme indiqué ci-dessus), nous traiterons vos données conformément à la présente Politique, à condition que seules les données collectées ou partagées avec nous après votre déclaration soient utilisées par notre entreprise, pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente.
La sécurité des données
Start.io accorde une grande importance à la confidentialité de vos données personnelles et nous nous engageons à les protéger de tout accès, utilisation ou divulgation non autorisés. Nous avons mis en œuvre des mesures de sécurité physiques, techniques et administratives pour protéger nos Services, dans le plus grand respect des lois en vigueur et des normes de l’industrie concernée. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur nos mesures de sécurité, veuillez cliquer ici :
https://www.start.io/start-io-computer-policy/
.
Bien que nous prenions des mesures raisonnables pour protéger les données, nous ne pouvons être tenus responsables des actes de ceux qui obtiennent un accès non autorisé ou qui abusent de nos Services, et nous ne donnons aucune garantie, expresse, implicite ou autre que nous serons capables d’empêcher un tel accès.
La conservation des données
Nous conservons les données personnelles que nous recueillons, conformément aux lois en vigueur et aux points suivants :
Pour les événements détaillés dans les sections 12 (
Droits de désinscription
) ou 13 (
Vos choix et contrôles – Catégories A1 à A3
), nous (i) anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID stocké dans notre base de données opérationnelle ; et/ou (ii) nous supprimerons les données personnelles réellement collectées à votre sujet et dont la collecte et le traitement ont nécessité votre consentement ;
Nous n’utiliserons pas vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente pendant plus de 12 mois. Nous supprimerons de notre base de données opérationnelle les données de plus de 12 mois
ou
nous anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID de notre base de données opérationnelle (nous ne pourrons plus utiliser les données personnelles collectées et traitées à votre sujet).
Toutefois
, lorsque nous supprimons ou rendons anonymes votre ADID et/ou vos données de nos
bases de données opérationnelles
, elles ne seront pas supprimées de nos
archives
, en raison des limitations de conception technique de notre plateforme qui rendent impossible la réécriture du code complet qui compose votre ADID. Nous avons conçu notre plateforme de manière à ce que vos données personnelles, qui sont conservées dans nos archives à la suite de votre demande de retrait de Start.io Network (ou demande équivalente), ne soient ni traitées, ni utilisées, ni partagées avec des tiers à la suite de cette demande.
Transfert de données en dehors de votre territoire
Nous pouvons stocker ou traiter vos données personnelles aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires. Nous pouvons transférer le stockage ou le traitement de vos données personnelles à l’aide de fournisseurs et de processeurs de données tiers situés aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires.
Si vous êtes résident d’une juridiction où le transfert de vos données personnelles requiert votre consentement, alors votre consentement à la présente politique de confidentialité inclut votre consentement explicite à un tel transfert de vos données.
Si vous êtes résident de l’Espace économique européen (l’«
EEE
»), nous prendrons les mesures appropriées pour que vos données à caractère personnel reçoivent un niveau de protection des données adéquat lors de leur transfert en dehors de l’EEE.
Tout transfert, que ce soit à des tiers ou en interne, de données personnelles de l’EEE vers des pays qui ne sont pas considérés comme offrant un niveau de protection des données adéquat est régi par les clauses contractuelles types de l’Union européenne (UE) et/ou par des réglementations équivalentes en matière de transfert de données afin de protéger la sécurité et la confidentialité des données personnelles.
Utilisateurs finaux de Californie – CCPA
Sans déroger aux dispositions de la présente Politique, veuillez noter que :
– Les catégories de données personnelles collectées par Start.io sont élaborées dans les Sections 2, 3 et 4 ;
– Notre utilisation des données (comme leur partage) est détaillée dans les Sections 7, 8 et 9 ;
– Votre droit de retrait et autres droits sont décrits dans les Sections 12 et 13.
Modifications de la présente Charte de confidentialité
De temps à autre, nous serons amenés à mettre à jour la présente Charte de confidentialité. Toute modification substantielle prendra effet 30 jours après la mise à jour. Les autres modifications prendront effet 7 jours après la mise à jour. Si la Politique est modifiée pour se conformer aux exigences légales, lesdites modifications entreront en vigueur immédiatement. La version la plus récente, ainsi que toute mise à jour de la présente Charte de confidentialité, sera publiée et disponible sur la page suivante :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-fr/
. Nous vous encourageons à consulter périodiquement cette Politique pour vous assurer de bien comprendre comment nous recueillons, traitons, utilisons et partageons vos informations sur le réseau Start.io.
Contactez-nous
Si vous avez des questions ou des commentaires au sujet de cette Politique, veuillez nous écrire à l’adresse suivante :
Start.io Inc. ; 584 Broadway St., 12e étage, Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Vous pouvez également nous contacter par e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
.
Agent de protection des données
Si vous avez des demandes concernant les données collectées en vertu de la présente Politique, y compris, sans s’y limiter, les demandes d’effacement, de suppression, de modification ou de transfert des données, veuillez contacter notre délégué à la protection des données à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
Assurez-vous de bien inclure votre nom, votre adresse et votre e-mail dans toute correspondance qui nous serait adressée afin que nous puissions répondre à votre demande dans les meilleurs délais.
Pour votre commodité, cette Politique peut être traduite de l’anglais dans plusieurs autres langues. Veuillez noter que toute divergence ou incohérence entre la traduction mise à votre disposition (le cas échéant) et la version anglaise, c’est la version anglaise (disponible à l’adresse suivante : lien :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) qui fera foi.
Dernière mise à jour : 14.2.2021
Política de privacidad del usuario final de Start.io
Start.io Inc. y sus afiliadas (“
nosotros
,” “
nos
,” “
nuestro/nuestra
” o “
Start.io
“) respetan su privacidad.
Esta Política de privacidad (la “
Política
“) explica las prácticas de privacidad de Start.io con respecto a su información personal en toda la Red Start.io, las formas en que su información y datos personales son recopilados, usados y compartidos, y las opciones que tiene disponibles con respecto a sus datos personales.
Quiénes somos?
Start.io es una empresa de publicidad y datos móviles que desarrolla, opera y presta asistencia técnica a una plataforma de publicidad, soluciones y redes (la “
solución Start.io
“) con el fin de entregar publicidad dirigida y personalizada a individuos (los “
Usuarios finales
“) con base en su perfil.
Para obtener más información sobre Start.io, puede visitar nuestro sitio web en:
www.start.io
o comunicarse con nosotros a
support@start.io
.
Introducción a la Red Start.io
.
La solución Start.io recopila y procesa sus datos personales, ubicación y otra información de varias fuentes (como mediante el SDK Start.io (kit de desarrollo de software) integrado o incorporado en una diversidad de apps móviles, la plataforma RTB Start.io (ofertas en tiempo real) usada para colocar anuncios en tiempo real (RTB), suministrar plataformas laterales o asociados, anunciantes y otros proveedores de datos; en conjunto: las “
Fuentes de datos
“).
Start.io comparte o pone a disposición dichos datos (o parte de estos) a los siguientes terceros (i) anunciantes que realizan sus campañas en el inventario de Start.io (apps móviles involucradas directamente con Start.io o indirectamente a través de otras redes o plataformas de publicidad (los “
Anunciantes
“); (ii) agencias de publicidad y otros socios comerciales, que realizan sus campañas en el inventario de Start.io o en su propio inventario independiente, y pueden ser “procesadores” o “controladores” de los datos (en conjunto: “
Socios comerciales
“); y (iii) terceros que realizan u operan sus propias bases de datos, soluciones o plataformas, que pueden actuar como “controladores” de datos y pueden usar sus datos en conjunto con otros datos sobre usted que ellos procesan (los “
Socios de datos
“).
“
Red Start.io
” significa la red de publicidad de Start.io que incluye las fuentes de Datos por un lado, y los Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos por el otro, por medio de los cuales se recopilan, procesan, usan, disponen y comparten sus datos para el Propósito (como se define a continuación).
Propósito del procesamiento de los datos
.
Start.io recopila, procesa, usa y comparte sus datos
en toda la Red Start.io
con el
propósito de entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil
(el “
Propósito
“), sin embargo,
si anonimizamos sus datos, también podremos utilizarlos para otros propósitos
(en conjunto, el “Propósito”).
Los datos no personales o anonimizados son aquellos que nunca lo identifican personalmente ni son identificables. La anonimización se realiza eliminando, extractando el valor hash o cifrando su identificador de publicidad (o ADID), que es el identificador único que utilizamos para diferenciar sus datos de los datos de otros usuarios, haciéndolos identificables.
Cuando compartimos sus datos con terceros (Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y/o Socios de datos) los obligamos contractualmente a utilizar los datos únicamente para el Propósito, diferente de si declaran que los usan para otros fines, sujeto a su consentimiento o un fundamento jurídico.
Para dejar de recibir anuncios, comuníquese con nuestra asistencia técnica a:
support@start.io
.
Tenga en cuenta que no es decisión de Start.io mostrar anuncios dentro de la app móvil que utiliza, sino del desarrollador o editor que utiliza nuestros servicios (directa o indirectamente). Sin embargo, creemos que usted se beneficia de estas apps, ya que en la mayoría de los casos, mostrar Anuncios es esencial para mantener gratuitas las aplicaciones y servicios de los editores. Es más, cuando un desarrollador o editor de apps utiliza nuestros servicios (directa o indirectamente)
los Anuncios que se le proporcionan pueden estar optimizados y/o personalizados para usted, lo que mejora su experiencia en la app
.
Si desea dejar de recibir Anuncios, debe comunicarse con el
desarrollador
o editor de la app, cuyos detalles puede encontrar en
Google Play
o
Apple App Store
, y enviarle su solicitud. Alternativamente puede cambiar los ajustes de su teléfono móvil (
IOS
/
Android
).
Puede comunicarse con nosotros a
support@start.io
y haremos nuestro mejor esfuerzo por ayudarle.
Excluirse
.
Usted tiene la opción de excluirse de toda la Red Start.io y/o de compartir sus datos personales con nuestros Socios de datos
haciendo clic en la opción que prefiera en la Sección 12 (
Derechos de exclusión
) a continuación
.
Al excluirse, su
experiencia con los Anuncios que se le proporcionan dentro de la Red Start.io no estará optimizada ni personalizada para usted.
Start.io puede ser un controlador o procesador de sus datos personales, considerando la forma en que se recopilan los datos por o a través de cada Fuente de datos y su uso por nosotros o cada uno de nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales o Socios de datos.
Por la presente acepta el uso de: (a) medios electrónicos para aceptar y completar esta Política y proporcionarle cualquier aviso de conformidad con esta Política; y (b), los registros electrónicos para almacenar la información relacionada con esta Política.
Nuestra Política de privacidad de un vistazo
Sección
Resumen
2
Información sobre usted que recopilamos directa o indirectamente
Recopilamos, procesamos, usamos u compartimos (de conformidad con esta Política) los siguientes datos, si están disponibles para nosotros: su ID de Publicidad, dirección de protocolo de Internet, nombre de la app (donde está instalado nuestro SDK), género y edad (si la compartió o nosotros la asumimos), datos de una consulta de apps instaladas, propiedades del dispositivo, dispositivos emparejados por Bluetooth, sensores del dispositivo, operador, proveedor de servicios de Internet, detalles de la conexión de red y datos Wi-Fi, roaming, zona horaria local, ajustes de idioma, sus intereses y datos de comportamiento asumidos de las palabras claves que nos comparte.
3
Recopilación de su Ubicación
Recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y compartimos (de conformidad con esta Política” los siguientes datos, si están disponibles para nosotros: ubicación exacta (si otorga permiso a la app donde está instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK).
Asumimos su ubicación si está conectado a Wi-Fi y/o una celda de red móvil cuya ubicación asumida es conocida por nosotros.
Su país, ciudad y región pueden estar disponibles para nosotros por su IP y otras Fuentes de datos.
4
Información que recopilamos sobre su interacción con Anuncios o Anunciantes
Cuando interactúa con un Anuncio, la atribución y medición de la publicidad será compartida con nosotros. Podemos recibir uso de post clics y/o actividad dentro de apps móviles a las que conduce el Anuncio o servicios de esas apps.
5
Recopilación de información sensible
Start.io no requiere, ni intencionalmente o con conocimiento recopila o solicita Información sensible alguna de los Usuarios finales
6
Privacidad de los niños
Start.io no recopila ni solicita con conocimiento o intencionalmente información personal de niños (como se definen de conformidad con la legislación correspondiente).
7
Uso de su información personal para Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados
Usaremos (lo que incluye: vender, licenciar o compartir) la información que recopilamos o nos comparten para el Propósito, es decir, entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil y actividad.
8
Uso de su información para otros fines
También usaremos la información recopilada o compartida con nosotros para otros fines, como: mejorar la solución Start.io, desarrollar nuevos servicios o actualizar o mejorar los existentes; operar, mantener, proteger y gestionar la solución Start.io; auditar y hacer seguimiento del uso de las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico; detectar fraudes en relación con la solución Start.io; hacer cumplir esta Política y prevenir actividades ilegales; y cumplir con todas las leyes correspondientes.
9
Compartir datos con terceros
Podemos compartir sus datos (o parte de estos) con
Anunciantes, redes de publicidad, Socios comerciales y/o Socios de datos; socios de atribución; autoridades competentes; y en caso de una fusión, venta o transferencia de todos o parte de nuestros activos o acciones, o en el evento de una reorganización o reconstrucción de nuestro negocio actual.
10
Cookies y recopilación de datos por parte de terceros
Si abre una página web móvil desde una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, podremos colocar una cookie en el navegador de su dispositivo móvil con nuestro ID de publicidad, que será utilizada por nosotros para el Propósito.
11
Datos no personales y/o anonimizados
Los datos no personales y/o anonimizados podrán ser recopilados, procesados y utilizados por nosotros de cualquier manera.
12
Derechos de exclusión (y “No vender mi información” para usuarios finales de California
Puede excluirse fácilmente de cierta recopilación de datos, del proceso de compartirlos y de la publicidad dirigida relacionada con la Red Start.io enviándonos un correo electrónico a
privacy@start.io
, y describiendo el servicio del cual se desea excluir.
Además, los usuarios finales de California pueden llamar al teléfono 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), código de servicio 234, para excluirse.
13
Sus derechos y controles
Tiene el derecho a ejercer cualquiera de los siguientes derechos, sujeto y de conformidad con las leyes que le apliquen, enviándonos un correo electrónico a
dpo@start.io
o
privacy@start.io
,
que describa los derechos que desea ejercer: revocar el consentimiento, borrado (ser olvidado), acceder a sus datos y portabilidad de datos.
14
Seguridad de los datos
Hemos implementado medidas de seguridad físicas, técnicas y administrativas para los Servicios que cumplen con las leyes aplicables y los estándares del sector.
15
Retención de datos
Retenemos los datos personales que recopilamos de conformidad con las leyes correspondientes, pero en ningún caso utilizaremos su información personal para el Propósito durante más de 12 meses.
16
Transferencia de datos por fuera de su territorio
Podemos almacenar o procesar sus datos personales en Estados Unidos o en otros territorios. De acuerdo con las leyes que le apliquen, su consentimiento de esta Política de privacidad incluye su consentimiento expreso para dicha transferencia de sus datos.
17
Usuarios finales de California – CCPA
Información general para los usuarios finales que están regidos por la ley de privacidad del consumidor de California (CCPA)
18
Cambios a la Política
Podemos actualizar esta Política de vez en cuando. La Política más actualizada, al igual que cualquier actualización de esta Política serán publicada y estará disponible en el siguiente enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-es/
.
19
Contáctenos
También puede contactarnos por medio de correo electrónico a:
support@start.io
.
20
Funcionario de Protección de datos
Puede comunicarse con nuestro Funcionario de Protección de datos a:
dpo@start.io
.
Información sobre usted que recopilamos directa o indirectamente mediante nuestras Fuentes de datos
Recopilamos y procesamos los siguientes datos (o parte de estos, considerando la tecnología o integración usada, los datos que tenemos disponibles y otros permisos), si usted descarga una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, y/o si sus datos son compartidos con nosotros cuando estamos integrados o conectados con otras redes, agencias o plataformas de publicidad (como RTB):
Identificadores en línea: ID de publicidad (IDFA para dispositivos iOS y AAID para dispositivo Android) (“
ADID
“).
Direcciones de protocolo de Internet (“
IP
“).
Tenga en cuenta que aunque el ADID y la dirección IP son considerados datos que identifican personalmente en muchas jurisdicciones (como en el Espacio Económico Europeo, EEE), hay algunas jurisdicciones en donde dichos datos no se consideran Datos personales.
Ubicación: como se describe en la Sección 3 a continuación.
Nombre de la App (donde está instalado el SDK) y su categoría; para no SDK: el nombre de la aplicación móvil mediante la cual usted interactúa con la Red Start.io.
Género y edad (cuando la hemos deducido o estrictamente ha sido compartida con nosotros por otra Fuentes de datos)
Datos de una consulta que pregunta si ciertas apps ya están instaladas en su dispositivo móvil (representación hash de una vía).
Otros datos generales: propiedades del dispositivo (sistema operativo, versión del sistema operativo y tipo de dispositivo), dispositivos emparejados por Bluetooth, sensores del dispositivo (como un acelerómetro), su proveedor, prestador de servicios de Internet, detalles de la conexión de red y datos Wi-Fi, roaming, zona horaria local y ajustes de idioma.
El
SDK Start.io
es una porción de software que está integrada o incorporada en apps móviles, que permite a los desarrolladores, propietarios u operadores de estas apps proporcionarle, y a otros usuarios finales, Anuncios personalizados.
“
Anuncio
” o “
Aviso
” significa cualquier tipo de material publicitario, incluidos textos, imágenes, vídeos, anuncios, contenido, fotos, sonidos, gráficas, música, logotipos y cualquier
otro
material o contenido que promocione bienes, servicios, aplicaciones móviles, software, etc., proporcionados, facilitados, apoyados o suministrados por la Red Start.io.
“
RTB
” significa plataforma o solución de “oferta en tiempo real”, por medio de la cual un inventario de publicidad se compra y vende en base a cada impresión, mediante una subasta programática instantánea, que está basada, en la mayoría de los casos, en los datos del usuario que son compartidos por el oferente (anunciante o red de publicidad, como Start.io). El Anunciante que gane la oferta muestra su anuncio al usuario del inventario de ofertas.
Recopilación de su Ubicación
Su ubicación puede estar disponible para nosotros mediante cualquier de las siguientes instancias (en conjunto, la “
Ubicación
“):
Podemos recopilar su ubicación exacta mediante su teléfono móvil, si usted otorga permiso y consentimiento para compartir su ubicación a la App (en la cual está instalado o incorporado el SDK Start.io). Tenga en cuenta que no recopilamos la ubicación en tiempo real, sino su última ubicación conocida que fue puesta a disposición de nuestro SDK.
Podemos asumir su ubicación si está conectado a una Wi-Fi cuya ubicación asumida es conocida por nosotros.
Tenga en cuenta que no podremos recopilar su ubicación de conformidad con las anteriores subsecciones (a) y (b) si usted cancela el permiso que ha otorgado a la App(s) (en la cual está instalado o incorporado el SDK Start.io) para recopilar su ubicación.
Podemos asumir su ubicación recopilando los datos relacionados con la celda de la red móvil a la cual está conectado, si nosotros conocemos la ubicación de dicha celda.
Nosotros podemos tener disponible su país, ciudad y región a partir de su IP recopilado por el SDK u otras Fuentes de datos, o de otros datos que nos comparten terceros (por ejemplo, mediante integración RTB).
Tenga en cuenta que aunque desactive su permiso de geolocalización para una App (mediante el sistema operativo del dispositivo móvil), todavía podremos asumirla y/o recopilarla de otras fuentes disponibles que se describen en las subsecciones (b), (c) y (d).
Puede excluirse de los servicios basados en ubicación en cualquier momento editando los ajustes de su dispositivo. Además, puede excluirse de compartir su ubicación con nosotros de
todas las fuentes
, de la forma como se describe en la Sección 12
(
Derechos de exclusión
) a continuación
.
Información que recopilamos sobre su interacción con Anuncios o Anunciantes
Cuando interactúa con un anuncio que nosotros proporcionemos, apoyemos o facilitemos, la atribución y medición de la publicidad será compartida con nosotros por servicios de terceros (conocidos como “socios de atribución”). Utilizaremos estos datos para topes de frecuencia (por ejemplo, si y cuándo presentarle un Anuncio similar) y atribución y medición de publicidad.
Además, los editores, desarrolladores y/o propietarios de apps móviles, que el Anuncio dirija a sus apps móviles (incluida la instalación por incentivo de una app móvil) y/o servicios, puede compartir con nosotros su uso de post clic y/o actividad dentro de sus apps móviles o servicios luego de su interacción con el Anuncio. Dicho uso y/o actividad puede incluir compras que usted haga (incluido el importe), suscripciones que compre y el nivel de progreso (en los juegos). Esta información será utilizada por nosotros para optimizar las futuras campañas de publicidad de esos editores, desarrolladores y/o propietarios de apps móviles mediante la Red Start.io, al igual que para el Propósito descrito en la siguiente Sección 8.
Recopilación de información sensible
Start.io no requiere, ni intencionalmente o con conocimiento recopila o solicita Información sensible alguna de los Usuarios finales.
El término “Información sensible” tendrá el significado que defina la jurisdicción cuya legislación sobre privacidad le corresponda.
Tenga en cuenta que la definición del término “Información sensible” puede tener significados sustancialmente diferentes en diferentes jurisdicciones. En algunas jurisdicciones, Información sensible puede incluir: origen racial, étnico o comunal; afiliación u opinión política; creencias religiosas o filosóficas, u otras creencias de naturaleza similar; asuntos íntimos o vida sexual; datos financieros, datos de solvencia crediticia, cuentas financieras, número de tarjeta de crédito para pagos; antecedentes penales; condición física o de salud mental, seguros de salud, datos médicos y/o biométricos.
Si tiene conocimiento o cualquier motivo para creer que se le está solicitando proporcionar su Información sensible, o que la Red Start.io ha procesado cualquier información suya que se considere Información sensible, de conformidad con la legislación de privacidad que le aplique, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a
privacy@start.io
y tomaremos los pasos necesarios para asegurarnos que dicha Información sensible sea eliminada inmediatamente de nuestros archivos.
Privacidad de los niños
Start.io cumple con la legislación aplicable relacionada con la protección de la privacidad de los niños, incluida la Ley de Protección de la Privacidad Infantil en Línea (“
COPPA
“). Por lo tanto, no recopilamos o solicitamos, de forma intencional o consciente, información personal de niños, de conformidad a lo definido bajo la ley aplicable, y específicamente: menores de 13 años, si están ubicados en Estados Unidos, o menores de 16 años, si están ubicados en la Unión Europea; (en conjunto: “
Niño
” o “
Niños
“), excepto como lo permita la ley aplicable.
Si tenemos conocimiento real de que un Usuario final se considera niño de conformidad con la ley aplicable, y que procesamos información personal relacionada a ese Usuario final (diferente de la permitida de conformidad con la ley aplicable), tomaremos los pasos inmediatos para eliminar su información personal. Además, solicitamos que los Niños no nos proporcionen voluntariamente ninguna información personal mediante la Red Start.io.
Si tiene conocimiento o cualquier motivo para creer que un Niño ha compartido cualquier Información personal con nosotros, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a
privacy@start.io
y tomaremos los pasos necesarios para asegurarnos que dicha información personal sea eliminada inmediatamente de nuestros archivos, hasta el alcance requerido de conformidad con la ley aplicable.
Uso de su información personal para Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados
Usaremos (lo que incluye: vender, licenciar o compartir) la información que recopilamos o nos comparten para el Propósito, es decir, entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil y actividad.
Su perfil es una salida probabilística de nuestros análisis, presunciones y conclusiones con respecto a su comportamiento, intereses e intenciones, basadas en la información suya que hemos recopilado o que nos han compartido todas las Fuentes de datos, como se describe anteriormente, y unificada por nosotros en una sola base de datos sobre usted.
Tenga en cuenta que los Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados pueden serle suministrados por nosotros de nuestro inventario y/o por nuestros Socios comerciales o Socios de datos, con los cuales compartimos sus datos.
Tengan cuenta que una vez que compartimos sus datos con un tercero, los datos están sujetos a las prácticas de privacidad de dicho tercero.
La lista de Socios comerciales y Socios de datos que nos han pedido poner a su disposición sus políticas de privacidad está disponible en:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal: la base legal para el procesamiento de su información personal para el Propósito es su consentimiento, el cual usted puede proporcionarnos directamente o indirectamente a través de terceros
(como por señales o señas RTB). Su consentimiento para nosotros puede ser general (para todos los datos que recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y/o compartimos) o con respecto a datos específicos compartidos con nosotros en ciertos eventos (como los datos compartidos junto con señales o señas RTV). Nosotros cumpliremos con el alcance del consentimiento que usted nos proporciona o comparte con nosotros.
Tenga en cuenta que cuando ciertos datos son compartidos con nosotros por un tercero con una señal de “no consentimiento” (o señal equivalente), esto no afecta el consentimiento que usted nos ha otorgado en general o mediante otras señales (con una señal de “consentimiento”), ni lo consideramos como ejercicio de sus derechos de conformidad con la Sección 12 (Derechos de exclusión) o la Sección 13 (Sus opciones y controles), que tienen que haber sido ejercidos como se describe en estos.
Consulte la Sección 12 (Derechos de exclusión) y la Sección 13 (Sus opciones y controles) a continuación para excluirse de la Red Start.io o ejercitar otros derechos que se le otorgan de conformidad con cualquier ley aplicable.
Uso de su información para otros fines
La información que recopilamos, y la que se comparte con nosotros, será utilizada para los siguientes propósitos adicionales:
Para mejorar la solución Start.io, desarrollar nuevos servicios, actualizar o mejorar servicios existentes y para mejorar su experiencia con la solución Start.io.
Para operar, mantener, proteger y gestionar la solución Start.io y para gestionar otros aspectos administrativos y operacionales de nuestra solución Start.io.
Para auditar y hacer seguimiento a las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico, y para detectar fraudes relacionados con la solución Start.io.
Para proteger los derechos o propiedad de Start.io o de terceros.
Para hacer cumplir esta Política y prevenir las actividades ilegales y el uso indebido de la solución Start.io.
Para establecer o ejercer nuestro derecho de defensa contra reclamaciones legales.
Poder prevenir el perjuicio a los derechos, propiedad o seguridad nuestra, de nuestros usuarios, suya o de cualquier tercero, o para fines de colaborar con las agencias de cumplimiento de la ley, o en caso que lo consideremos necesario, para hacer cumplir los derechos de propiedad intelectual y otros derechos legales.
Para cumplir con cualquier ley aplicable y ayudar a las agencias de cumplimiento de la ley cuando de buena fe creamos que nuestra cooperación con ellos cumple con los estándares legales aplicables.
Para llevar a cabo cualquier acción en caso de una disputa que lo involucra, con respecto a la solución Start.io.
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal, el uso de sus datos para el anterior propósito está basado en nuestro interés legítimo de: (i) operar, proporcionar, mantener, proteger, gestionar, personalizar y mejorar la solución Start.io (su ADID no es necesario para realizar estas acciones); (ii) auditar y hacer seguimiento a las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico, detectar fraudes en relación con la solución Start.io y calcular los pagos (su información personal no es necesaria para realizar estas acciones); y (iii) proteger los derechos o propiedad de Start.io o de terceros.
Compartir datos con terceros
Podemos compartir sus datos (o parte de estos) de conformidad con lo siguiente:
Compartiremos, licenciaremos, venderemos, transferiremos o pondremos a disposición sus datos (o parte de estos) a los Anunciantes, redes de publicidad, Socios comerciales y/o nuestros Socios de datos, que podrán usarla para entregarle anuncios dirigidos y/o personalizados, como se describe en la anterior Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
), y de conformidad con su consentimiento como se describe aquí.
También compartiremos los ADID que recopilamos con los socios de atribución para fines de medición y atribución de la publicidad, lo que se usa para calcular pagos y detectar tráfico inválido (fraude), y problemas de seguridad o técnicos relacionados con la solución Start.io.
Si usted ha incumplido los Términos de esta Política, abusado de sus derechos de uso de la App, o violado cualquier ley aplicable, o en caso de cualquier otra disputa, o proceso legal de cualquier tipo que lo involucra con respecto a la App, su información podrá ser compartida con las autoridades competentes y con cualquier tercero, según sea necesario.
Podemos compartir la información que recopilamos u obtenemos por medio de la App con las autoridades, entidades o personas relevantes, si estamos obligados por la ley a compartir o divulgar su información.
La información que lo identifica personalmente puede ser compartida o transferida a las entidades de nuestro grupo del afiliadas corporativas (entidades controladas, bajo control común o que nos controlan, directa o indirectamente, las “
Afiliadas
“), pero su uso de la información debe cumplir con esta Política.
En caso de quiebra, disolución y otros eventos de liquidación o insolvencia, o en caso de fusión, venta o transferencia de todos o una porción de nuestros activos o acciones, y otras reorganizaciones o reconstrucciones de nuestra empresa actual, la información que recibimos, recopilamos u obtenemos, como se describe en las anteriores secciones, puede ser compartida o transferida a la entidad respectiva hasta el alcance necesario para la prestación de los servicios, siempre y cuando acepte estar regida por las disposiciones de esta Política, con los cambios razonablemente necesarios tomados en consideración. Al momento de dicha transferencia o al compartir la información, la entidad asumirá la responsabilidad completa y exclusiva del uso y procesamiento subsecuente que haga de la información, y nosotros estaremos exonerados de cualquier responsabilidad hacia usted, con relación al posterior
uso y procesamiento de la información por parte de esta.
En cualquier otro caso diferente al anteriormente mencionado en esta Política, la información que lo identifica personalmente únicamente será compartida con terceros si usted nos otorga su consentimiento, como se describe en la anterior Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
).
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal, compartir sus datos de conformidad con la subsección (a) se basa en su consentimiento, como se describe en la Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
), y para otras subsecciones se basa en nuestros legítimos intereses.
Cookies y recopilación de datos por parte de terceros
Si abre una página web móvil desde una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, podremos colocar una cookie en el navegador de su dispositivo móvil con nuestro ID de publicidad, que será utilizada por nosotros para el Propósito (entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados en dicho navegador móvil) (la “
Cookie
“). Al realizar campañas de publicidad, proporcionadas, facilitadas o apoyadas por nosotros, en su navegador móvil, la Cookie nos permite identificarlo como usuario del navegador móvil y personalizarlo de acuerdo.
La mayoría de los navegadores permiten que borre las cookies del dispositivo, bloquee la aceptación de cookies o reciba una advertencia antes de almacenarlas. Sin embargo, si bloquea o elimina las cookies, su experiencia puede ser limitada. Para obtener más información sobre las cookies y los controles que tiene para estas, puede visitar los siguientes enlaces:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Datos no personales y/o anonimizados
Podemos recopilar, procesar y utilizar datos no personales y/o anonimizados, que no lo identifican personalmente (lo que incluye datos personales que han sido posteriormente anonimizados). Dichos datos no personales y/o anonimizados pueden ser recopilados, procesados y usados por nosotros de cualquier forma, incluyendo la publicación, diseminación, transmisión o de cualquier forma compartirlos o comunicarlos, o ponerlos a disposición de terceros.
Por ejemplo: (i) podemos usar sus datos, luego de eliminar su identificador de publicidad (ADID), para fines de investigación de mercados; y (ii) el SDK de Start.io incluye el Open Measurement Software Development Kit de IAB TECH LAB (” SDK OM”) para fines de verificar que los anuncios efectivamente fueron visualizados. Nosotros no compartimos ningún dato personal con IAB ni mediante el SDK OM.
Derechos de exclusión
Puede excluirse fácilmente de cierta recopilación de datos, del proceso de compartirlos y de la publicidad dirigida relacionada con la Red Start.io enviándonos un correo electrónico a
privacy@start.io
, y describiendo el servicio del cual se desea excluir.
Tenga en cuenta que puede que tengamos que contactarlo si tenemos que verificar su identidad, a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su solicitud. Por la presente usted acepta que utilicemos su correo electrónico para ese fin.
Cumpliremos con su solicitud a más tardar treinta (30) días después de recibirla, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
Excluirse le ofrece la opción de recibir anuncios que no están dirigidos a usted y a controlar los datos que de usted recopilamos para el propósito de mostrar Anuncios. Tenga en cuenta que incluso si se excluye, aún puede recibir Anuncios de la Red Start.io, pero de conformidad con su elección de exoneración, dichos Anuncios no serán personalizados o dirigidos por nosotros.
Su elección
Efecto de excluirse
Excluirse de la Red Start.io.
(i) Nosotros (a) anonimizaremos todos sus datos, eliminando su ADID (lo que garantiza que no podrá ser identificado personalmente); y/o (b) eliminaremos sus datos personales como se describe en la Sección 15 (
Retención de datos
);
(ii) Los anuncios proporcionados o basados en la solución Start.io no estarán personalizados para usted, y puede que no le sean relevantes, lo cual limitará su experiencia con la solución Start.io;
(iii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos personales, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
“No vender mi información personal”, para usuarios finales regidos por la CCPA
No compartiremos su información personal con nuestros clientes, como anunciantes, plataformas DSP y socios de datos. Tenga en cuenta que podemos continuar permitiendo o activando la entrega de anuncios que no utilicen sus datos personales (es decir, que no están dirigidos ni personalizados de acuerdo con su perfil o información personal).
Dejar de compartir su ubicación con nosotros y con nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos
(i) Dejaremos de compartir su ubicación en todas las formas descritas en la Sección 3 de esta póliza;
(ii) Anonimizaremos sus datos de Ubicación;
(iii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos de ubicación, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
Dejar de compartir sus datos con nuestros Socios de datos; y/o
Excluirse de los Socios de datos
(i) No compartiremos su ADID con nuestros Socios de datos;
(ii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos personales, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
Sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que nosotros no somos responsables por las prácticas de seguridad de nuestros Socios de datos ni de otros terceros. Le animamos a que revise las políticas de privacidad de nuestros Socios de datos, que están disponibles en:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Excluirse de compartir los datos con nuestros Socios de datos no constituye una exclusión de toda la Red Start.io. Por lo tanto, sus datos aún podrán ser procesados por Start.io y sus Anunciantes y Socios comerciales. Puede elegir excluirse de toda la Red Start.io, como se describe anteriormente.
Excluirse de guardar una cookie en su navegador móvil
No podremos hacer posible, habilitar o colocar Anuncios personalizados para usted en su navegador móvil.
Además, usted puede controlar cómo responde su navegador a las cookies, ajustando la configuración de privacidad y seguridad de su navegador web (como se describe en la anterior sección Cookies).
No respondemos a señales de No rastrear. Para obtener más información sobre las señales No rastrear, consulte:
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Además de lo anterior, usted puede limitar que su dispositivo móvil divulgue ciertos datos a nosotros, nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, ajustando la configuración de su dispositivo móvil.
Para dispositivos móviles iOS
, vaya a “Configuración” desde la pantalla de inicio del dispositivo; desplácese bajando hasta “Privacidad”; seleccione “Publicidad”; y active “Limitar rastreo de anuncios.”;
Para dispositivos móviles Android
, vaya a “Ajustes de Google” en el dispositivo; seleccione “Anuncios”; y marque la casilla “Excluirse de anuncios basados en Internet.”
Lea la información específica del dispositivo para conocer más sobre sus preferencias personales de publicidad:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
También puede
contactarnos
y estaremos encantados de ayudarle.
Sus derechos y controles
Además de sus Derechos de exclusión (la anterior Sección 12), usted tiene derecho a ejercer cualquiera de los siguientes derechos (o sus equivalentes), al igual que otros derechos que se le otorgan, sujetos y de conformidad con las leyes que le aplican, que le otorgan dichos derechos (si los tiene) (sus (“
Derecho
(s)”). Puede ejercer sus Derechos enviándonos un correo electrónico a
dpo@start.io
, en el cual describa los derechos que desea ejercer (tales como: “
Revocación de consentimiento
“) (la “
Solicitud
“). Puede que tengamos que comunicarnos con usted para procesar su Solicitud, incluso para verificar su identidad. Al enviarnos una Solicitud, por la presente acepta que nos comunicaremos con usted para dicho fin.
Su derecho
Acción de Start.io
A1. Revocación del consentimiento
Si la base legal para la recopilación y procesamiento de su información personal es su consentimiento, usted puede revocar el consentimiento que nos ha otorgado (directa o indirectamente)
(i) Nosotros (a) anonimizaremos todos sus datos, eliminando su ADID; o (b) eliminaremos sus datos personales como se describe en la Sección 15 (
Retención de datos
);
(iii) Comunicaremos su solicitud a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que anonimicen sus datos
Podemos contactarlo si tenemos que verificar su identidad, a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su Solicitud.
Cumpliremos con su Derecho a más tardar treinta (30) días después de recibir su Solicitud, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
A2. Derecho a objetar
Puede objetar el procesamiento que nosotros hacemos de sus datos personales
A3. Derecho a borrado
(ser olvidado)
Tiene derecho a solicitarnos que eliminemos o quitemos los datos personales recopilados o compartidos por nosotros en toda la Red Start.io
B1. Derecho de acceso/
B2. Portabilidad de datos
Tiene derecho a recibir una copia de los datos que nosotros hemos recopilado o compartido en toda la Red Start.io y/o a que los transfiramos a un tercero
Le enviaremos a su dirección de correo electrónico una copia de los datos que hemos recopilado de usted en el curso del uso de la solución Start.io. Por la presente usted acepta y nos autoriza a enviarle dicho correo electrónico y para comunicarnos con usted para procesar su Solicitud, incluido para verificar su identidad, si es necesario.
Cumpliremos con su Derecho a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su Solicitud, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
Luego de recibir una copia de sus datos, puede pedirnos que rectifiquemos o eliminemos dichos datos (por ejemplo, anonimizándolos).
El ejercicio de los anteriores Derechos no afectará la legalidad del procesamiento basado en consentimiento antes de que fueran ejercidos. Podemos continuar procesando la información para la cual no se requiere su consentimiento, de conformidad con todas las leyes correspondientes. Tenga en cuenta que las leyes de privacidad de datos y relacionadas de su jurisdicción pueden proporcionarle derechos diferentes o adicionales con relación a sus datos, que también pueden aplicar.
Cuando no podamos suministrar los datos que ha solicitado, haremos todos los esfuerzos necesarios para explicar las razones de esto, e informarle de sus derechos, incluido el derecho a quejarse ante la autoridad supervisora.
Cuando nosotros estemos en posición de procesador de sus datos, ejerceremos los anteriores derechos si recibimos una solicitud del controlador de datos sin validar su identidad. En otras circunstancias, dichas validaciones pueden ser una condición para que nosotros ejerzamos sus Derechos.
Luego de excluirse de la Red Start.io y/o ejercer cualquier otro derecho de conformidad con las anteriores categorías A1-3 (i) podemos continuar recibiendo datos suyos de otras entidades que utilizan la solución Start.io o mediante la Red Start.io. Sin embargo, siempre que procesemos sus datos personales para el propósito de entregar anuncios con base en los datos compartidos con nosotros (por ejemplo: en nuestra capacidad únicamente como procesador de datos); (ii) podremos entregarle Anuncios que no están basados en su perfil ni dirigidos a usted; (iii) continuaremos procesando los datos que no requieren su consentimiento; y (iv) si nos otorga de nuevo su consentimiento (directa o indirectamente como se establece anteriormente), procesaremos los datos de conformidad con esta Política, siempre que únicamente los datos recopilados o compartidos con nosotros luego de su nuevo consentimiento sean usados por nosotros para el Propósito.
Seguridad de los datos
Su privacidad es muy importante para Start.io y estamos comprometidos con proteger sus Datos personales de acceso, uso o divulgación no autorizada. Hemos implementado medidas de seguridad físicas, técnicas y administrativas para los Servicios que cumplen con las leyes aplicables y los estándares del sector. Para obtener más información sobre nuestras medidas de seguridad, haga clic
aquí
.
Aunque tomamos los pasos razonables para salvaguardar la información, a menos que se establezca lo contrario en las leyes correspondientes, no podemos ser responsables por los actos de quienes logran acceso no autorizado o abusan de nuestros Servicios, y no garantizamos, expresa, implícitamente, ni de cualquier otra manera, que tendremos la capacidad de prevenir dicho acceso.
Retención de datos
Retenemos los datos personales que recopilamos, de conformidad y en cumplimiento con las leyes correspondientes, y de acuerdo con lo siguiente:
En cualquiera de los eventos descritos en las Secciones 12 (
Derechos de exclusión
) o 13 (
Sus elecciones y controles, categorías A1-3
) nosotros (i) anonimizaremos sus datos eliminando el ADID almacenado en nuestra base de datos operacional; y/o (ii) eliminaremos los datos personales realmente recopilados de usted, cuya recopilación y procesamiento necesitó de su consentimiento;
No utilizaremos su información personal para el Propósito durante más de 12 meses. Eliminaremos de nuestra base de datos operacional los datos con antigüedad mayor a 12 meses
o
anonimizaremos sus datos eliminando el ADID de nuestra base de datos operacional (y subsecuentemente no podremos utilizar los datos personales recopilados y procesados sobre usted para el Propósito).
Sin embargo
, cuando eliminemos o anonimicemos su ADID y/o sus datos de nuestras
bases de datos operaciones
, estos no serán eliminados de nuestro
archivo
, debido a la limitación técnica del diseño de la plataforma, que hace imposible reescribir todo el código en que consiste su ADID. Hemos rediseñado nuestra plataforma de una manera que sus datos personales, que quedan en nuestro archivo luego de su solicitud de exclusión de la Red Start.io (o solicitud equivalente), no sean procesados, usados o compartidos con ningún tercero luego de dicha solicitud.
Transferencia de datos por fuera de su territorio
Podemos almacenar o procesar sus datos personales en Estados Unidos o en otros territorios. Podemos transferir, almacenar o tratar sus datos personales mediante proveedores externos y procesadores de datos ubicados en Estados Unidos y otros territorios.
Si usted es residente de una jurisdicción donde la transferencia de sus Datos personales requiere su consentimiento, entonces su consentimiento a esta Política de privacidad incluye su consentimiento expreso para dicha transferencia de sus datos.
Si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo (“
EEE
“), tomaremos las medidas apropiadas para asegurarnos que sus datos personales reciban un nivel adecuado de protección de datos cuando sean transferidos por fuera del EEE.
Todas las transferencias, ya sea a terceros o internas, de la información personal desde el Espacio Económico Europeo hacia países que no se considere que ofrecen un nivel adecuado de protección para los datos estarán regidas por las Cláusulas Contractuales Estándar de la Unión Europea (UE) o reglamentaciones de transferencia de datos equivalentes, para proteger la seguridad y confidencialidad de la información personal.
Usuarios finales de California – CCPA
Sin perjuicio de las disposiciones de esta Política, tenga en cuenta que:
Las categorías de datos personales recopiladas por Start.io se detallan en las secciones 2, 3 y 4
El uso que hacemos de los datos (incluido compartir los datos) se detalla en las secciones 7,8 y 9
Sus derechos, de exclusión y otros, se detallan en las secciones 12 y 13
Cambios a la Política
Podemos actualizar esta Política de vez en cuando. Los cambios sustanciales tomarán efecto 30 días después de la actualización. Los demás cambios tomarán efecto 7 días luego de la actualización. Si esta Política se enmienda para cumplir con requerimientos legales, las enmiendas entrarán en vigencia inmediatamente. La Política más actualizada, al igual que cualquier actualización de esta Política serán publicada y estará disponible en el siguiente enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-es/
. Lo animamos para que revise la Política periódicamente para asegurarse de comprender cómo recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y compartimos su información en toda la Red Start.io.
Contáctenos
Si tiene cualquier pregunta sobre esta Política, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206, Nueva York, NY, 10012
.
También puede contactarnos por medio de correo electrónico a:
privacy@start.io
.
Funcionario de Protección de datos
Si tiene cualquier solicitud relacionada con la recopilación de datos de conformidad con esta Política, incluidas, sin limitación, solicitudes para eliminar, quitar, enmendar, modificar o transferir los datos, comuníquese con nuestro Funcionario de Protección de datos a
dpo@start.io
.
Asegúrese de incluir su nombre, dirección y dirección de correo electrónico en toda la correspondencia con nosotros, para que podamos responder su solicitud de manera oportuna.
Para su comodidad, esta Política ha sido traducida del inglés a varios otros idiomas. Por favor tenga en cuenta que si hay alguna discrepancia o inconsistencia entre la traducción disponible para usted (si la hay) y la versión en inglés, la versión en inglés (disponible en: enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) prevalecerá.
Última actualización: 14.2.2021
Start.io-Datenschutzrichtlinie für Endbenutzer
Start.io Inc. und seine verbundenen Unternehmen (früher: StartApp Inc.: „
wir
“, „
uns
,“ „
unser
“ oder „
Start.io
“) achtet auf Ihren Datenschutz.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie „
Richtlinie
“) erläutert Start.io Datenschutzpraktiken hinsichtlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen über das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk hinweg, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen sammeln, verwenden und teilen, sowie Ihre Rechte und Optionen hinsichtlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten.
Wer sind wir?
Start.io ist ein Unternehmen für mobile Werbung und Datenverarbeitung, das eine Werbeplattform samt zugehöriger Softwarelösung und Netzwerk (die „
Start.io-Lösung
“) unterhält. Ziel ist es, Personen (die „
Benutzer
“) auf der Grundlage ihres Profils personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Nähere Informationen über Start.io finden Sie auf unserer Website:
www.start.io
Sie können uns auch kontaktieren unter
support@start.io
.
Einführung zum Start.io-Netzwerk.
Die Start.io-Lösung sammelt und verarbeitet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihren Standort und weitere Daten, die aus verschiedenen Quellen (etwa unserem Softwareentwicklungssystem oder Software Development Kit Start.io SDK) stammen, welche integriert sind in eine Vielzahl mobiler Anwendungen, in die Plattform Start.io RTB (für Real Time Bidding oder Echtzeitauktionen) für das Schalten von Anzeigen in Echtzeit sowie in Plattformen unserer Partner, Anzeigenkunden und sonstigen Datenanbietern auf der Zuliefererseite. „
Datenquellen
“).
Start.io teilt die besagten Daten (ganz oder teilweise) mit – oder macht sie den folgenden externen Parteien verfügbar: (i) Werbetreibenden, welche ihre Kampagnen über das Inventar von Start.io schalten (mobile Anwendungen, die direkt an Start.io oder indirekt über andere Werbenetzwerke oder -pattformen angebunden sind; die „
Werbetreibenden
“); (ii) Werbeagenturen und anderen Geschäftspartnern, die ihre Kampagnen über das Inventar von Start.io oder über ihr unabhängiges Inventar schalten und bei denen es sich bezüglich der betreffenden Daten um „Datenverarbeiter“ oder „Datenverantwortliche“ handeln kann (zusammengefasst: „
Geschäftspartner
“); und (ii) Dritten, welche ihre eigenen Datenbanken, Lösungen oder Plattformen betreiben, wobei sie als „Datenverantwortliche“ der Daten fungieren und Ihre Daten zusammen mit anderen von ihnen über Sie verarbeiteten Daten verwenden können („
Datenpartner
“).
„
Start.io Netzwerk
“ steht für das Werbenetzwerk von Start.io, welches einerseits Datenquellen und andererseits Werbetreibende, Geschäftspartner und Datenpartner umfasst, wobei Ihre Daten zum unten genannten Zweck gesammelt, verarbeitet, verwendet, verfügbar gemacht und geteilt werden.
Zweck der Datenverarbeitung.
Ihre Daten werden von Start.io zu dem
Zweck über das Start.io-Netzwerk
gesammelt, verarbeitet, verwendet und geteilt,
Ihnen auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen
(der „
Zweck
“) unter der Voraussetzung, dass wir Ihre
Daten, wenn wir sie anonymisieren, auch für andere Zwecke verwenden können (
zusammen
: der “Zweck”).
Nicht-personenbezogene und/oder anonymisierte Daten, sind Daten, die Sie weder persönlich identifizieren noch identifizierbar sind. Die Anonymisierung kann durch Löschen, Hashing oder Verschlüsselung Ihrer Werbe-ID (oder MAID) erfolgen, die Ihre eindeutige Kennung ist, die von uns verwendet wird, um Ihre Daten von den Daten anderer Nutzer zu unterscheiden und sie damit identifizierbar zu machen.
Wenn wir Ihre Daten mit Dritten (Werbetreibenden, Geschäftspartnern oder Datenpartnern) teilen, verpflichten wir diese vertraglich dazu, die Daten zur zum genannten Zweck zu verwenden, es sei denn, sie erklären, die betreffenden Daten auf der Grundlage einer von Ihnen erteilten Zustimmung oder einer anderen Rechtsgrundlage für andere Zwecke verwenden zu können.
Erhalt von Werbung einstellen; kontaktieren Sie unseren Kundendienst unter
support@start.io
.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass es nicht im Ermessen von Start.io liegt, ob Sie in einer von Ihnen benutzten Mobilanwendung Werbung angezeigt bekommen, sondern dass der Entwickler oder Anbieter der betreffenden App derjenige ist, der unsere Leistungen (direkt oder indirekt) in Anspruch nimmt. Wir sind jedoch der Ansicht, dass Ihnen diese Werbung zugute kommt, da das Anzeigen von Werbung in den meisten Fällen von entscheidender Bedeutung dafür ist, dass der Anbieter seine Apps und Leistungen kostenlos anbieten kann. Darüber hinaus gilt, dass wenn der Entwickler oder Anbieter einer App unsere Dienste (direkt oder indirekt) nutzt,
die Ihnen angezeigte Werbung optimiert und auf Sie abgestimmt werden kann, was Ihr Benutzererlebnis mit der App verbessert
.
Wenn Sie keine Werbung mehr erhalten möchten, müssen Sie Ihre entsprechende Anfrage an den
Entwickler
oder Anbieter der App richten, wobei Sie die näheren Angaben zu diesen in
Google Play
oder dem
Apple App Store
finden. Alternativ können Sie auch die Einstellungen Ihres Mobiltelefons ändern (
IOS
/
Android
).
Sie können uns gerne unter
support@start.io
kontaktieren und wir tun dann unserer Bestes, um Ihnen zu helfen.
Abmelden.
Sie können sich generell von der Nutzung des Start.io-Netzwerks oder davon abmelden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern geteilt werden.
Klicken Sie dazu unten in Abschnitt 12 (
Opt-out-Rechte
) die gewünschte Option an
.
Wenn Sie sich abmelden,
wird Ihr Benutzererlebnis hinsichtlich der Ihnen im Start.io-Netzwerk angezeigten Werbung nicht für Sie optimiert oder individuell angepasst.
Start.io kann Datenverantwortlicher oder Datenverarbeiter Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sein, was die Art und Weise der Datenerhebung durch die jeweilige Datenquelle und die Verwendung der Daten durch uns oder die jeweiligen Werbetreibenden, Geschäftspartner oder Datenpartner angeht.
Sie stimmen hiermit Folgendem zu: (a) der Nutzung elektronischer Mittel zum Erteilen der Zustimmung zu dieser Richtlinie und zur Zusendung von Mitteilungen im Zusammenhang mit der Erfüllung vorliegender Richtlinie; und (b) der Verwaltung elektronischer Aufzeichnungen zur Speicherung von Daten im Zusammenhang mit dieser Richtlinie.
Unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie im Überblick
Abschnitt
Zusammenfassung
2
Informationen, die wir direkt oder indirekt bei Ihnen einholen:
Wir erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und teilen (gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie) die folgenden Ihrer Daten, wenn sie uns zur Verfügung stehen: Werbe-ID, Internetprotokolladresse, Standort, Name der App (wo Ihr SDK installiert ist), Geschlecht und Alter (falls uns mitgeteilt oder von uns geschätzt), Daten aus Anfragen installierter Apps, Geräteeigenschaften, per Bluetooth angekoppelte Geräte, Gerätesensoren, Netzbetreiber, ISP, Informationen zu Netzwerkverbindung, WLAN und Roaming, lolake Zeitzone, Spracheinstellungen sowie Daten zu Ihren Interessen und Ihrem Navigationsverhalten auf der Grundlage von Schlüsselwörtern, die Sie mit uns teilen.
3
Erfassung Ihres Standorts
Wir erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und teilen (gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie) die folgenden Daten, falls sie uns zur Verfügung stehen: genauer Standort (falls Sie dies der App gestatten, in der Ihr SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist).
Wir schließen auf Ihren Standort, wenn Sie per WLAN oder über eine Mobilfunkzelle verbunden sind, deren angenommener Standort uns bekannt ist.
Ihr Land, Ihre Stadt und Region können uns anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse oder anderer Datenquellen zur Verfügung stehen.
4
Informationen, die wir anhand Ihrer Interaktion mit Werbung unserer Werbetreibenden erheben.
Wenn Sie mit einer Werbung interagieren, werden Anzeigen-Attribution und Werbewirkungsmessungen mit uns geteilt. Wir können Nutzungs- und Aktivitätsdaten aus dem Post-Click-Tracking mobiler Apps oder Appdienste erhalten, zu denen die Werbeanzeigen führen.
5
Sammeln sensibler Informationen
Start.io verlangt keine sensiblen Informationen von Endnutzern und sammelt diese auch nicht wissentlich oder absichtlich.
6
Datenschutz bei Kindern
Start.io erhebt wissent- oder willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen zu Kindern (gemäß Definition unter anwendbarem Recht) und fordert solche auch nicht an.
7
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen zur Auslieferung personalisierter, gezielter Werbung
Wir verwenden (inklusive verkaufen, lizenzieren oder teilen) die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen unter anderem zu folgenden Zwecken: Auslieferung gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Sie auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils und Ihrer Aktivität.
8
Verwendung Ihrer Informationen zu anderen Zwecken
Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen darüber hinaus zu weiteren Zwecken, darunter die folgenden: Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung, Entwicklung neuer Dienste oder Aktualisierung der bestehenden; Betrieb, Instandhaltung, Schutz und Verwaltung der Start.io-Lösung; Prüfung und Nachverfolgung von Benutzerstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss; Erkennung von betrügerischem Verhalten im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung; Durchsetzung dieser Richtlinie und Verhinderung ungesetzlicher Aktivitäten; Erfüllung jeglicher anwendbarer Gesetze.
9
Teilen von Daten mit Dritten
Wir teilen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) mit
Werbetreibenden, Werbenetzwerken, Geschäftspartnern oder Datenpartnern, Attribution-Partnern; zuständigen Behörden, den verbundenen Unternehmen unserer Gruppe sowie im Fall einer Fusion, eines Unterrnehmensverkaufs bzw. einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Übertragung von Aktiva oder Geschäftsanteilen sowie weiterhin bei jeglicher sonstigen Umstrukturierung unseres Geschäfts.
10
Cookies und Datenerhebung durch Dritte
Wenn Sie eine mobile Webseite von einer App aus öffnen, in der/die unser SDK installiert oder eingebettet ist, können wir einen Cookie mit Ihrer Werbe-ID im Browser Ihres Mobilgeräts setzen, welchen wir zum genannten Zweck verwenden.
11
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten können von uns in jeglicher Form erhoben, verarbeitet und verwendet werden.
12
Opt-out-Rechte
(und “Verkaufen Sie meine persönlichen Daten nicht” für kalifornische Endbenutzer)
Sie können sich von bestimmten Formen des Erhebens und Teilens von Daten sowie der Auslieferung gezielter Werbung im Zusammenhang mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk abmelden. Senden Sie uns dazu eine E-Mail an
privacy@start.io
oder
privacy@start.io
. Geben Sie bitte an, auf welchen Dienst sich Ihre Abmeldung bezieht.
Darüber hinaus können kalifornische Endbenutzer die Nummer 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688) anrufen (Servicecode: 234), um sich abzumelden.
13
Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle
Sie können gemäß den für Sie geltenden Gesetzen jederzeit jegliches der nachfolgend genannten Rechte ausüben; senden Sie uns dazu bitte eine E-Mail an
dpo@start.io
und geben Sie darin das/die Recht(e) an, das oder die Sie ausüben möchten: Zustimmung zurückziehen, Widerspruch gegen Daten, Löschung (Recht auf Vergessenwerden), Zugriff auf Ihre Daten, Datenportabilität.
14
Datensicherheit
Wir haben physische, technische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen für die Dienste implementiert, die den anwendbaren Gesetzen und Branchenstandards entsprechen.
15
Datenspeicherung
Wir bewahren die von uns erhobenen, personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen auf, doch unter keinen Umständen verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu den genannten Zwecken über einen Zeitraum von mehr als 12 Monaten hinweg.
16
Übertragung von Daten aus Ihrem Gebiet in andere Gebiete
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten oder anderen Gebieten speichern oder verarbeiten. Unter Beachtung der für Sie geltenden Datenschutzgesetze gilt, dass Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie die ausdrückliche Zustimmung zu einem solchen Datentransfer umfasst.
17
Kalifornische Endanwender – CCPA
Allgemeine Informationen für Endanwender, die dem CCPA unterliegen.
18
Änderungen an der Richtlinie
Diese Richtlinie kann von uns gelegentlich aktualisiert werden. Die jeweils aktuellste Fassung der Richtlinie sowie jegliche Aktualisierung dieser Richtlinie werden veröffentlicht und sind unter folgendem Link verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-de/
.
19
Kontakt
Sie erreichen uns auch per E-Mail unter:
support@start.io
.
20
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie unter:
dpo@start.io
.
Informationen, die wir über unsere Datenquellen direkt oder indirekt bei Ihnen einholen
Wir erheben und verarbeiten die folgenden Daten (oder Teile davon, je nach verwendeter Technologie oder Integration, den uns verfügbaren Daten und sonstigen Voraussetzungen), wenn Sie eine App herunterladen, in der unsere Start.io-SDK installiert oder eingebunden ist, wenn Ihre Daten mit uns geteilt werden sowie dann, wenn wir in andere Werbenetzwerke, Agenturen oder Plattformen (wie etwa RTB) integriert oder mit ihnen verbunden sind:
Online-Kennungen Werbe-ID (Advertising AD, „
ADID
“); IDFA bei iOS-Geräten und AAID bei Android.
Interneprotokoll-Adressen („
IP“
).
Bitte beachten Sie: Zwar gelten ADID und IP-Adressen in manchen Jurisdiktionen als personenbezogene Daten (etwa im EWR), doch in anderen Jurisdiktionen hingegen gelten sie nicht als personenbezogene Daten.
Standort – wie unten in Abschnitt 3 dargelegt
Name der App (in welcher das SDK installiert ist) und ihre Kategorie; falls ohne SDK: Name der Mobilanwendung, über welche Sie mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk interagieren.
Geschlecht und Alter (entweder in Form einer Schlussfolgerung unsererseits oder uns unter Beachtung aller Vorschriften von einer anderen Datenquelle mitgeteilt)
Daten aus Anfragen, anhand derer wir ermitteln, ob auf Ihrem Mobilgerät bereits bestimmte Apps installiert sind (Einweg-Hashfunktionen).
Sonstige allgemeine Daten: Geräteeigenschaften (Betriebssystem, Version des Betriebssystems und Gerätetyp), per Bluetooth gekoppelte Geräte, Gerätesensoren (etwa Beschleunigungssensoren), Ihr Netzbetreiber, ISP, Informationen zu Netzverbindung und WLAN-Daten, Roaming, lokaler Zeitzone und Spracheinstellungen.
Start.io-SDK
ist ein Programm, welches in Mobilapps integriert oder in sie eingebettet ist und die App-Entwickler, Eigentümer oder Betreiber in die Lage versetzt Sie und andere Endbenutzer mit personalisierter Werbung zu bedienen.
„
Werbung
“ oder „
Anzeige
“ steht für jede Art von Werbematerial einschließlich Text, Bildern, Video, Anzeigen, Fotos, Ton, Grafiken , Musik, Logos und jeglichen
sonstigen
Materialien oder Inhalten, mit welchen für Güter und Leistungen oder Mobilanwendungen, Software usw. geworben wird, die vom Start.io-Netzwerk betrieben, freigegeben, unterstützt oder zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
„
RTB
“ steht für „Real Time Bidding-Plattform“ oder „-Lösung“, anhand derer auf der Grundlage von Impressions über programmgesteuerte Auktionen in Echtzeit Werbeinventar gekauft und verkauft wird, wozu in der Regel Benutzerdaten mit dem Bieter (Werbetreibende oder Werbenetzwerke wie Start.io) geteilt werden. Werbetreibende, die eine Auktion gewinnen, zeigen ihre Werbung dem betreffenden Benutzer über das versteigerte Inventar an.
Erfassung Ihres Standorts
Ihr Standort kann für uns über jede der nachfolgend genannten Instanzen verfügbar sein (zusammengefasst: Ihr „
Standort
“).
Wir können über Ihr Mobiltelefon Ihren genauen Standort einholen, wenn Sie die entsprechende Genehmigung geben und zustimmen, Ihren Standort mit einer App zu teilen (in der das Start.io-SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist). Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Standorte nicht in Echtzeit ermitteln, sondern auf der Grundlage Ihres letzten Standorts, der dem SDK bekannt ist.
Wir können auf Ihren Standort schließen, wenn Sie per WLAN oder über eine Mobilfunkzelle verbunden sind, deren angenommener Standort uns bekannt ist.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihren Standort nicht gemäß obigen Unterabschnitten (a) und (b) erfassen können, wenn Sie die Zustimmung zur Erfassung Ihres Standorts zurückziehen, die Sie der/den App(s) gewährt haben, in der das Start.io-SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist.
Wir können auf Ihren Standort schließen, indem wir die Daten zur Mobilfunkzelle erheben, mit der Sie verbunden sind, sofern wir den Standort der betreffenden Mobilfunkzelle kennen.
Ihr Land, Ihre Stadt und Region können uns anhand Ihrer vom SDK eingeholten IP-Adresse oder anderer Datenquellen bzw. dank solcher Daten zur Verfügung stehen, die Dritte mit uns teilen (etwa über eine RTB-Integration).
Beachten Sie bitte: Wenn Sie die Genehmigung für die Geolokalisierung einer App deaktivieren (über das Betriebssystem des Mobilgeräts), kann Ihr Standort von uns nach wie vor anhand von Annahmen ermittelt und eingeholt werden, indem wir dazu andere verfügbare Quellen nutzen, wie sie in den Unterabschnitten (b), (c) und (d) erläutert werden.
Sie können sich über die Einstellungen Ihres Geräts jederzeit von standortbasierten Diensten abmelden. Darüber hinaus können Sie die Option wählen, das Teilen Ihres Standorts mit uns grundsätzlich und unabhängig von der
Quelle
zu sperren, so wie unten in Abschnitt 12
(
Opt-out-Rechte
) ausgeführt
.
Informationen, die wir anhand Ihrer Interaktion mit Werbung unserer Werbetreibenden erheben
Wenn Sie mit einer Werbung interagieren, die wir zur Verfügung stellen, unterstützen oder schalten, werden Anzeigen-Zuweisung und Werbewirkungsmessungen von Diensten externer Anbieter (bekannt als Attribution-Partner) mit uns geteilt. Wir verwenden diese Daten für Frequenzdeckelung (Frequency-Capping: ob und wann Ihnen eine vergleichbare Werbung angezeigt wird), Anzeigen-Zuweisung und Messzwecke.
Darüber hinaus können solche Anbieter, Entwickler oder Eigentümer, zu deren Apps oder Diensten die Werbung weiterleitet (einschließlich zur Förderung der App-Installation), mit uns per Post-Click-Tracking Ihre Nutzung bzw. Ihre Aktivität in deren mobilen Apps und Diensten teilen, die nach Ihrer Interaktion mit der Werbung erfolgen. Solcherlei Nutzung oder Aktivität kann von Ihnen getätigte Käufe (samt Beträgen) und Subskriptionen sowie und Ihren Levelprogress (in Spielen) umfassen. Diese Informationen werden von uns zur Optimierung zukünftiger Werbekampagnen der betreffenden Anbieter, Entwickler oder Eigentümer der mobilen Apps über das Start.io-Netzwerk verwendet, sowie zudem für die unten in Abschnitt 8 dargelegten Zwecke.
Sammeln sensibler Informationen
Start.io verlangt keine sensiblen Informationen von Endnutzern und sammelt diese auch nicht wissentlich oder absichtlich.
Der Begriff “Sensible Informationen” kann die Bedeutung haben, die in der Gerichtsbarkeit definiert ist, deren Datenschutzgesetze für Sie gelten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Definition des Begriffs “Sensible Informationen” in verschiedenen Gerichtsbarkeiten eine deutlich unterschiedliche Bedeutung haben kann und. In einigen Gerichtsbarkeiten können sensible Informationen Folgendes umfassen: rassische, ethnische oder kommunale Herkunft, politische Zugehörigkeit oder Meinungen; zu religiösen oder weltanschaulichen Einstellungen oder vergleichbaren Glaubenseinstellungen, zu intimen Angelegenheiten oder dem Sexualleben, zu Finanzen, Kreditwürdigkeit, Bankkonten oder Bankkarten, zu Vorstrafen, zur Mitgliedschaft in politischen Parteien oder Gewerkschaften, zur geistigen oder körperlichen Gesundheit oder zu entsprechenden Erkrankungen, zur Krankenversicherung oder zu medizinischen bzw. biometrischen Daten.
Wenn Ihnen bekannt wird oder Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass Sie um die Angabe Ihrer sensiblen Informationen gebeten wurden oder dass das Start.io-Netzwerk Ihre Informationen verarbeitet hat, die als sensible Informationen erachtet werden, gemäß den Datenschutzgesetzen auf Sie zutreffen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@stat.io
und wir unternehmen alle erforderlichen Schritte, um zu gewährleisten, dass die betreffenden, sensiblen Informationen unverzüglich aus unseren Dateien gelöscht werden.
Datenschutz bei Kindern
Start.io erfüllt alle anwendbaren Gesetze zum Datenschutz für Kinder, einschließlich dem US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act („
COPPA
“). Dementsprechend erhebt Start.io wissent- oder willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen – und fordert solche nicht an – zu Kindern gemäß Definition unter anwendbarem Recht, insbesondere wenn sie jünger als 13 Jahre sind und in den USA leben, bzw. wenn sie unter 16 sind und in der EU leben (zusammengefasst: „
Kind
“ oder „
Kinder
“), ausgenommen wie gemäß anwendbarer Gesetzgebung zulässig.
Wenn uns bekannt wird, dass ein Endnutzer gemäß anwendbarem Recht als Kind gilt und wir personenbezogene Informationen zu diesem Endnutzer verarbeitet haben (ausgenommen gesetzlich zulässige Informationen), unternehmen wir unverzüglich die erforderlichen Schritte zur Löschung der personenbezogenen Informationen zu diesem Kind. Darüber hinaus fordern wir Kinder auf, uns über das Start.io-Netzwerk willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Wenn Ihnen bekannt wird oder Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Kind personenbezogene Informationen mit uns geteilt hat, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@start.io
und wir unternehmen alle erforderlichen Schritte, um zu gewährleisten, dass die betreffenden, personenbezogenen Informationen im gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Umfang unverzüglich aus unseren Speichern gelöscht werden.
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen zur Auslieferung personalisierter, gezielter Werbung
Wir verwenden (inklusive verkaufen, lizenzieren oder teilen) die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen unter anderem zu folgenden Zwecken: Auslieferung gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Sie auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils und Ihrer Aktivität.
Ihr Profil ist eine probabilistische Projektion auf der Grundlage unserer Analysen, Annahmen und Schlussfolgerungen hinsichtlich Ihres Verhaltens sowie Ihrer Interessen und Absichten. Grundlage sind die Informationen, die wir über sämtliche oben angegebenen Datenquellen eingeholt haben oder die diese mit uns geteilt haben. Sämtliche Daten wurden von uns in einer individuellen Datenbank mit Ihren Daten zusammengefasst.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir über unser Inventar oder die Geschäfts- und Datenpartner, mit denen wir Ihre Daten teilen, Ihnen gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzeigen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Ihre Daten den Datenschutzpraktiken der Datenschutzrichtlinien Dritter unterliegen, sobald wir Ihre Daten mit solchen externen Parteien teilen.
Die Liste der Geschäfts- und Datenpartner, die uns darum gebeten haben, Ihnen ihre Datenschutzrichtlinien zur Verfügung zu stellen, finden Sie auf:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
In solchen Jurisdiktionen, in denen eine gesetzliche Grundlage zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen besteht, gilt: Die rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen für die genannten Zwecke ist Ihre Zustimmung, welche uns direkt von Ihnen oder indirekt über Dritte erteilt werden kann
(etwa RTB-Signale). Ihre Zustimmung uns gegenüber kann generell (für alle von uns erhobenen, verarbeiteten oder geteilten) Daten gelten, oder für spezifische, in bestimmten Momenten mit uns geteilte Daten (etwa Daten, die im Zusammenhang mit RTB-Signalen geteilt werden). Wir berücksichtigen jeweils den Umfang der uns konkret von Ihnen erteilten Zustimmung.
Bitte beachten Sie: Wenn Dritte mit uns Daten mit einem „No Consent“-Signal („Keine Zustimmung“; oder vergleichbares Signal) teilen, wirkt sich das nicht auf die generelle Zustimmung aus, die Sie uns direkt oder auf anderem Weg erteilt haben (Zustimmung mit „Consent“-Signal), und wir erachten dies auch nicht als eine Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte gemäß Abschnitt 12 (Opt-out-Rechte) oder Abschnitt 13 (Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle), da die Wahrnehmung dieser Rechte wie hier dargelegt zu erfolgen hat.
Bitte befolgen Sie die Regelungen aus Abschnitt 12 (Opt-out-Rechte) oder Abschnitt 13 (Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle), wenn Sie das Start.io-Netzwerk für sich deaktivieren oder von anderen Rechten Gebrauch machen möchten, die Ihnen gemäß anwendbaren Gesetzen zustehen.
Verwendung Ihrer Informationen zu anderen Zwecken
Die von uns erhobenen und die mit uns geteilten Informationen werden zusätzlich zu nachfolgend genannten Zwecken verwendet:
Zur Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung und zur Entwicklung neuer bzw. zur Aktualisierung bestehender Dienste und Leistungen, und darüber hinaus zur Verbesserung Ihres Benutzererlebnisses mit der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Betreiben, Instandhalten, Schützen und Verwalten der Start.io-Lösung und zur Verwaltung sonstiger administrativer und betrieblicher Aspekte der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Überprüfen und Nachverfolgen von Nutzungsstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss sowie zur Erkennung von betrügerischen Aktivitäten im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Schutz der Rechte und des Eigentums von Start.io und Dritter.
Zur Durchsetzung dieser Richtlinie und zur Verhinderung ungesetzlicher oder missbräuchlicher Verwendungen der Start.io-Lösung.
Um bei der Abwehr gesetzlicher Forderungen unsere Rechte zu begründen oder durchzusetzen.
Zur Verhinderung von Verletzungen unserer oder Ihrer Rechte, Eigentumsrechte oder Sicherheit bzw. derer unserer Benutzer oder Dritter sowie zum Zweck der Kooperation mit Gesetzesvollzugsbehörden sowie dann, wenn wir dies zur Durchsetzung von Rechten an geistigem Eigentum oder anderer gesetzlich verbriefter Rechte für erforderlich halten.
Zur Erfüllung aller anwendbaren Gesetze und zur Unterstützung der Gesetzesvollzuzgsbehörden dann, wenn wir in Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass eine solche Kooperation alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Anforderungen erfüllt.
Zum Ergreifen rechtlicher Schritte bei Streitfällen, in die Sie hinsichtlich der Start.io-Lösung involviert sind.
In denjenigen Jurisdiktionen, in denen zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen eine Rechtsgrundlage zu beachten ist, basiert die Verwendung Ihrer Daten zu den oben angegebenen Zwecken auf unseren nachfolgend genannten, legitimen Interessen: (i) Betrieb, Verfügbarmachen, Instandhaltung, Schutz, Verwaltung, Anpassung an die Kundenwünsche und kontinuierliche Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung (Ihre ADID ist für diese Handlungen nicht erforderlich); (ii) Überprüfen und Tracking von Nutzungsstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss, Erkennen von Betrug im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung und Berechnung zahlbarer Beträge (Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen sind für die Durchführung dieser Handlungen nicht erforderlich); und (iii) Schutz der Rechte oder des Eigentums Start.ios oder Dritter.
Teilen von Daten mit Dritten
Wir teilen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) gemäß nachfolgenden Regelungen:
Wir teilen, lizenzieren, verkaufen oder übertragen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) an Werbetreibende und Werbenetzwerke sowie Geschäfts- oder Datenpartner oder machen sie diesen verfügbar, wobei die genannten Parteien besagte Daten verwenden können, wenn sie Ihnen gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzeigen, so wie oben in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) dargelegt und unter Voraussetzung Ihrer gemäß den hier dargelegten Regelungen erteilten Zustimmung.
Wir teilen die von uns erhobenen ADIDs mit Attribution-Partnern zur Messung und Attribution von Werbung, um auf dieser Grundlage zahlbare Beträge zu berechnen, ungültigen Traffic (Betrug) zu erkennen sowie sicherheitsrelevante oder technische Probleme im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung zu identifizieren.
Wenn Sie gegen die Regelungen dieser Richtlinie verstoßen, Ihre Rechte missbraucht oder gegen ein anwendbares Gesetz verstoßen haben, sowie weiterhin bei Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder gerichtlichen Verfahren in egal welcher Form, in welche Sie im Zusammenhang mit der App involviert sind, können die Informationen zu Ihnen mit zuständigen Behörden und jedweder externen Partei geteilt werden, sofern dies notwendig ist.
Wir können die von uns über die App erhobenen oder erhaltenen Informationen mit zuständigen Behörden, Einrichtungen oder Personen teilen, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, Informationen zu Ihnen offenzulegen oder zu teilen.
Personenbezogene Informationen können an die verbundenen Unternehmen unserer Gruppe (Körperschaften, die von uns kontrolliert werden, die unter anderem unter unserer Kontrolle stehen oder die uns kontrollieren, egal ob direkt oder indirekt: „
verbundene Unternehmen
“) übermittelt oder mit diesen geteilt werden, doch muss die Verwendung solcher Informationen den Regelungen vorliegender Richtlinie entsprechen.
Bei Bankrott, Firmenauflösung oder sonstigen Formen der Liquidation oder Insolvenz sowie bei Fusion, Verkauf oder Übertragung aller unserer Aktiva bzw. Anteile oder eines Teils von ihnen, sowie weiterhin im Fall einer sonstigen Neu- oder Umstrukturierung unseres fortlaufenden Geschäfts können die Informationen, die wir gemäß den obigen Ausführungen erhalten, erheben oder gewinnen, der entsprechenden Körperschaft in dem Umfang übermittelt werden, wie dies zur weiteren Erbringung unserer Leistungen unbedingt erforderlich ist, sofern dafür gesorgt ist, dass der Empfänger der betreffenden Informationen an die Regelungen vorliegender Richtlinie gebunden ist, wobei allerdings in angemessenem Umfang erforderliche Änderungen an der Richtlinie zulässig sind. Bei einer solchen Übermittlung oder einem solchen Teilen von Informationen muss die betreffende Körperschaft die uneingeschränkte und exklusive Haftung für jegliche nachfolgende Nutzung und Verarbeitung besagter Informationen übernehmen und wir sind diesbezüglich von jeglicher Haftung Ihnen gegenüber freigestellt, was die
Verwendung und Verarbeitung der besagten Informationen durch die Nachfolgekörperschaft anbetrifft.
In jeglichem sonstigem, oben in dieser Richtlinie nicht genannten Fall werden Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen nur dann mit Dritten geteilt, wenn Sie dazu Ihre Zustimmung geben, so wie in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) dargelegt.
In solchen Jurisdiktionen, in denen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen eine gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Grundlage zu schaffen ist, ist für das Teilen Ihrer Daten im Sinne von Unterabschnitt (a) Ihre Zustimmung erforderlich, so wie in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) beschrieben, und bezüglich weiterer Unterabschnitte beruht die Legitimität des Teilens Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unseren legitimen Interessen.
Cookies und Datenerhebung durch Dritte
Wenn Sie eine mobile Webseite von einer App aus öffnen, in der/die unser SDK installiert oder eingebettet ist, können wir einen Cookie mit Ihrer Werbe-ID im Browser Ihres Mobilgeräts setzen, welchen wir zum genannten Zweck (Ausliefern gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Ihren mobilen Browser) verwenden (der „
Cookie
“). Bei Werbekampagnen, die wir für Ihren mobilen Browser zur Verfügung stellen, schalten oder unterstützen, versetzt uns der Cookie in die Lage, Sie als Benutzer des mobilen Browsers zu identifizieren und die entsprechende Personalisierung vorzunehmen.
Die meisten Browser geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Cookies von Ihrem Gerät zu löschen, die Annahme von Cookies zu verweigern oder vor dem Setzen eines Cookies einen Warnhinweis zu erhalten. Wenn Sie Cookies jedoch blockieren oder entfernten, kann dies Ihr Benutzererlebnis beeinträchtigen. Nähere Informationen zu Cookies und wie Sie diese kontrollieren können, finden Sie unter folgenden Links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; und
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten
Wir können nicht-personenbezogene oder anonymisierte Daten, die Sie nicht persönlich identifizieren, sammeln, verarbeiten und verwenden (dazu gehören auch personenbezogene Daten, die nachfolgend anonymisiert wurden). Solche nicht-persönlichen oder anonymisierten Daten können von uns in jeglicher Form erhoben, verarbeitet und verwendet werden, also etwa durch Posten, Disseminierung, Übermittlung, Teilen oder sonstige Formen der Weitergabe an Dritte oder Kommunikation von Daten.
Zum Beispiel: (i) wir können Ihre Daten nach dem Löschen Ihrer ADID für Marktforschungszwecke verwenden; und (ii) das SDK von Start.io enthält Open Measurement Software Development Kit von IAB TECH LAB („OM-SDK“), das der Verifizierung dient, ob Anzeigen auch tatsächlich angesehen wurden. Wir teilen personenbezogene Informationen nicht mit IAB oder über das OM-SDK.
Opt-out-Rechte
Sie können sich von bestimmten Formen des Erhebens und Teilens von Daten sowie der Auslieferung gezielter Werbung im Zusammenhang mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk abmelden. Senden Sie uns dazu eine E-Mail an
privacy@start.io
. Geben Sie bitte an, auf welchen Dienst sich Ihre Abmeldung bezieht.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Sie kontaktieren müssen, wenn wir Ihre Identität verifizieren müssen, was innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingang Ihres Antrags bei uns erfolgt. Sie stimmen hiermit zu, dass wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zu diesem Zweck benutzen.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung innerhalb von dreißíg (30) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
Opting-out gibt Ihnen die Möglichkeit, sich für den Erhalt von Werbung zu entscheiden, die nicht auf Sie zugeschnitten ist, und die Daten zu kontrollieren, die zu Ihnen zum Zweck des Anzeigens zielgerichteter Werbung erhoben werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie auch nach dem Opt-out weiterhin Werbung vom Start.io-Netzwerk erhalten, doch aufgrund der von Ihnen gewünschten Abmeldung wird die angezeigte Werbung von uns nicht personalisiert oder auf Sie zugeschnitten.
Ihre Wahl
Was Opting-out bewirkt
Opt-out beim Start.io-Netzwerk.
(i) Wir werden (a) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir Ihre ADID entfernen (gewährleistet, dass Sie nicht persönlich identifizierbar sind), und/oder (b) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen, so wie in Abschnitt 15 (
Datenspeicherung
) näher erläutert;
(ii) Die von der Start.io-Lösung zur Verfügung gestellte oder unterstützte Werbung wird nicht individuell auf Sie abgestimmt und es kann daher sein, dass sie für Sie uninteressant ist, was Ihr Benutzererlebnis mit der Start.io-Lösung verschlechtert;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
“Verkaufen Sie meine persönlichen Daten nicht” – für Endanwender, die dem CCPA unterliegen
wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an unsere Kunden weiter, wie z. B.: Werbetreibende, DSPs und Datenpartner. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir weiterhin die Zustellung von Werbung an Sie unterstützen oder ermöglichen können, die nicht Ihre persönlichen Daten verwendet (d. h.: nicht gezielt oder individuell auf Sie zugeschnitten ist, basierend auf Ihrem Profil oder Ihren persönlichen Daten).
Beenden des Teilens Ihres Standorts mit uns sowie unseren Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartnern
(i) Wir stellen das Einholen Ihres Standorts mit sämtlichen der in Abschnitt 3 vorliegender Richtlinie genannten Mitteln ein;
(ii) Wir anonymisieren Ihre Standortdaten;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre Standortdaten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren der Standortdaten Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
Beenden des Teilens Ihrer Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern und/oder
Opting-out für Datenpartner
(i) Wir teilen Ihre ADID nicht länger mit unseren Datenpartnern;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
Beachten Sie jedoch bitte, dass wir nicht für die Datenschutzpraktiken unserer Datenpartner oder anderer externer Parteien haftbar sind. Wir fordern Sie auf, die Datenschutzrichtlinien unserer Datenpartner zur Kenntnis zu nehmen. Unter folgendem Link sind sie verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Das Beenden des Teilens Ihrer Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern kommt keinem Opt-out für das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk gleich. Daher können Ihre Daten auch weiterhin von Start.io, den Werbetreibenden und den Geschäftspartnern von Start.io verarbeitet werden. Sie haben die Möglichkeit eines Opt-outs für das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk, so wie oben beschrieben.
Opt-out zum Verhindern des Setzens unseres Cookies in Ihrem mobilen Browser
Wir können dann kein auf Sie abgestimmte Werbung für Ihren Browser unterstützen, solche Werbung aktivieren oder platzieren.
Darüber hinaus können Sie den Umgang Ihres Browsers mit Cookies einstellen. Dies erfolgt über die Datenschutz- und Sicherheitseinstellungen Ihres Internet-Browsers (wie in obigem Abschnitt beschrieben).
Wir reagieren nicht auf Do-not-track-Signale. Nähere Informationen zu Do-not-track-Signalen finden Sie auf
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Über Obenerwähntes hinaus können Sie die Offenlegung gewisser Daten durch Ihr Mobilgerät uns und unseren Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartnern gegenüber einschränken, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen Ihres Mobilgeräts ändern.
Gehen Sie bei iOS-Mobilgeräten
auf dem Hauptbildschirm Ihres Mobilgeräts zu den „Einstellungen“. Scrollen Sie nun hinab zu *Datenschutz“, wählen Sie Werbung und aktivieren Sie „Ad-Tracking beschränken“.
Gehen Sie bei Android-Mobilgeräten
auf Ihrem Gerät auf „Einstellungen Google“. Wählen Sie „Anzeigen“ (Ads) und wählen Sie das Kästchen mit der Beschriftung „Opt-out interessenbasierte Werbung“.
Bitte lesen Sie die spezifischen Anleitungen Ihres Geräts, um mehr zu Ihren Optionen hinsichtlich Ihrer persönlichen Anzeigenpräferenzen zu erfahren.
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS
:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
;
Sie
erreichen uns auch hier
und wir helfen Ihnen gerne weiter.
Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle
Über Ihre Opt-out-Rechte (Abschnitt 12) hinaus können Sie jederzeit jegliches der nachfolgend genannten Rechte (oder deren Äquivalent) und jedes sonstige, Ihnen gemäß der für Sie geltenden Gesetzgebung zustehende Recht ausüben („
Ihre Rechte
“). Sie können Ihre Rechte jederzeit ausüben; senden Sie uns dazu bitte eine E-Mail an
dpo@start.io
. Diese Abteilung ist dafür zuständig, Ihre Wahrnehmung der Ihnen zustehenden Rechte abzuwickeln (etwa „
Zustimmung zurückziehen
“) (eine „
Anfrage
“). Wir müssen gegebenenfalls mit Ihnen kommunizieren, um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten, unter anderem auch zum Verifizieren Ihrer Identität. Indem Sie uns eine Anfrag senden, stimmen Sie zu, dass wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zu diesem Zweck benutzen.
Ihr Recht
Aktion Start.io
A1. Zustimmung zurückziehen
Wenn Ihre Zustimmung die Rechtsgrundlage für das Erheben und Verarbeiten Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ist, können Sie die Zustimmung zurückziehen, die Sie uns erteilt haben.
(i) Wir werden (a) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir Ihre ADID entfernen, oder (b) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen, so wie in Abschnitt 15 (
Datenspeicherung
) näher erläutert;
(iii) Wir leiten Ihre Anfrage an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre Daten zu anonymisieren.
Wir können Sie kontaktieren, wenn wir Ihre Identität verifizieren müssen, was innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingang Ihres Antrags bei uns erfolgt.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung zur Wahrnehmung Ihres Rechts innerhalb von dreißíg (30) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
A2. Widerspruchsrecht
Sie können der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns widersprechen.
A3. Recht auf Datenlöschung (Recht auf Vergessenwerden)
Sie haben das Recht, uns aufzufordern, die von uns erhobenen oder über das Start.io-Netzwerk geteilten, personenbezogenen Informationen zu löschen
B1. Zugangsrecht
B2. Datenportabilität
Sie haben das Recht, bei uns eine Kopie der von uns erhobenen, über das Start.io-Netzwerk geteilten oder an Dritte übermittelten Daten anzufordern.
Wir senden Ihnen an Ihre E-Mail-Adresse eine Kopie der im Laufe Ihrer Nutzung der Start.io-Lösung zu Ihnen erhobenen Daten. Hiermit stimmen Sie zu, dass wir gegebenenfalls mit Ihnen kommunizieren müssen, um Ihnen besagte E-Mail zu senden und um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten, unter anderem auch zum Verifizieren Ihrer Identität, falls erforderlich.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung zur Wahrnehmung Ihres Rechts innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
Im Anschluss an den Erhalt einer Kopie Ihrer Daten können Sie uns auffordern, diese Daten zu berichtigen oder zu löschen (etwa durch Anonymisierung).
Die Wahrnehmung obengenannter Rechte wirkt sich nicht auf die Gesetzmäßigkeit unserer zustimmungsbasierten Verarbeitung der betreffenden Daten vor der Ausübung Ihrer Rechte aus. Wir können unter Beachtung aller anwendbaren Gesetze auch weiterhin solche Daten verarbeiten, bei denen Ihre Zustimmung nicht erforderlich ist. Beachten Sie bitte, dass die in Ihrer Jurisdiktion geltenden Datenschutzgesetze und damit zusammenhängenden Gesetze Ihnen unter Umständen andere oder zusätzliche Rechte im Zusammenhang mit Ihren Daten einräumen, und dass diese Gesetze dann ebenfalls gelten.
Wenn wir Ihnen die angeforderten Daten nicht zur Verfügung stellen können, werden wir bestrebt sein, die dafür erforderlichen Ressourcen zur Verfügung zu stellen. Wir informieren Sie dann über Ihre Rechte, darunter auch das Recht, bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde Beschwerde einzulegen.
Wenn wir die Funktion des Datenverarbeiters Ihrer Daten wahrnehmen, erfüllen wir die oben genannten Rechte dann, wenn wir dazu die entsprechende Aufforderung des Datenverantwortlichen erhalten, und dazu verifizieren wir nicht Ihre Identität. In anderem Zusammenhang kann eine solche Validierung für uns verpflichtend sein, wenn Sie uns gegenüber Ihre Rechte geltend machen.
Wenn Sie von Ihrem Opt-out-Recht für das Start.io-Netzwerk und von jeglichem der oben unter A1–3 erwähnten Rechte Gebrauch gemacht haben, kann es sein, dass wir weiterhin Daten von anderen Körperschaften erhalten, welche die Start.io-Lösung nutzen, oder auch über das Start.io-Netzwerk. Unter der Voraussetzung, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu dem Zweck verarbeiten, Ihnen auf der Grundlage der mit uns geteilten Daten Anzeigen anzuzeigen (etwa rein in unserer Eigenschaft als Datenverarbeiter), gilt Folgendes: (i) Wir können Ihnen Anzeigen ausliefern, die nicht auf Ihrem Profil beruhen und die nicht auf Sie abgestimmt sind; (ii) wir verarbeiten auch weiterhin solcherlei Daten zu Ihnen, für die wir dazu nicht Ihre Zustimmung brauchen; und (iii) wenn Sie uns Ihre Zustimmung geben (direkt oder indirekt, so wie oben erläutert), verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie, wobei jedoch für den besagten Zweck nur solche Daten verwendet werden, die nach Ihrer erneuten Zustimmung von uns erhoben oder mit uns geteilt werden.
Datensicherheit
Der Schutz Ihrer Daten ist für Start.io wichtig und wir setzen uns mit Nachdruck für den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugten Zugriffen, Nutzungen oder Offenlegungen ein. Wir haben physische, technische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen für die Dienste implementiert, die den anwendbaren Gesetzen und Branchenstandards entsprechen. Für nähere Informationen zu unseren Datensicherheitsmaßnahmen klicken Sie bitte hier:
https://www.start.io/start-io-computer-policy/
.
Wir treffen zwar angemessene Vorkehrungen zum Schutz unserer Daten, doch sofern die anwendbaren Gesetze nichts Abweichendes vorschreiben, können wir nicht haftbar gemacht werden für Handlungen von Personen, die sich unbefugten Zugang zu den Diensten verschaffen oder diese missbrauchen. Wir geben dementsprechend keine ausdrückliche, implizite oder sonstige Gewähr, dass wir solcherlei Vorfälle werden verhindern können.
Datenspeicherung
Wir bewahren die von uns erhobenen, personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen auf, und weiterhin unter Beachtung folgender Regelungen:
In jeglichem der Fälle, die in den Abschnitten 12 () und 13 () geschildert werden, werden wir (i) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir die ADID löschen, die in unserer Betriebsdatenbank gespeichert ist; und wir (ii) löschen diejenigen der gegenwärtig zu Ihnen gespeicherten, personenbezogenen Daten, für deren Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihre Zustimmung erforderlich ist.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu den genannten Zwecken über einen Zeitraum von maximal 12 Monaten hinweg. Wir löschen aus unserer Betriebsdatenbank solche Daten, die älter als 12 Monate sind,
oder
wir anonymisieren Ihre Daten, indem wir Ihre ADID aus unserer Betriebsdatenbank löschen (und anschließend können wir die zu Ihnen erhobenen und verarbeiteten, personenbezogenen Informationen nicht länger für den besagten Zweck benutzen.
Das gilt jedoch unter folgender Voraussetzung:
Wenn wir Ihre ADID löschen, Ihre Daten anonymisieren und aus unserer
Betriebsdatenbank
entfernen, werden sie dadurch nicht aus unserem
Archiv
gelöscht, was an den Beschränkungen der Systemarchitektur liegt, welche es nicht zulässt, die gesamten Aufzeichnungen neu abzulegen, die mit Ihrer ADID verbunden sind. Wir haben unsere Plattform so designt, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die nach Ihrer Opt-out-Anfrage für das Start.io-Netzwerk (oder einer vergleichbaren Anfrage) noch in unserem Archiv gespeichert sind, nicht verarbeitet, verwendet oder mit Dritten geteilt werden, wenn eine solche Anfrage eingegangen ist.
Übertragung von Daten aus Ihrem Gebiet in andere Gebiete
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten oder anderen Gebieten speichern oder verarbeiten. Wir können die Speicherung oder Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Drittanbieter und Datenverarbeiter, die sich in den Vereinigten Staaten oder in anderen Gebieten befinden, übertragen.
Wenn Sie in einer Jurisdiktion wohnhaft sind, in welcher die Übertragung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nur unter der Voraussetzung Ihrer Zustimmung möglich ist, dann umfasst Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie ausdrücklich auch Ihre Zustimmung zu einem solchen Transfer Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („
EWR
“) ansässig sind, ergreifen wir angemessene Maßnahmen, um zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in angemessenem Maß geschützt werden, sobald sie in ein Gebiet außerhalb des EWR überführt werden.
Jegliche Übertragungen, ob an Dritte oder intern, von personenbezogenen Daten aus dem EWR in Länder, von denen nicht angenommen wird, dass sie ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau bieten, unterliegen den Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Union (EU) und/oder gleichwertigen Datenübertragungsvorschriften zum Schutz der Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit von personenbezogenen Daten.
Kalifornische Endbenutzer – CCPA
Ohne von den Bestimmungen dieser Richtlinie abzuweichen, beachten Sie bitte Folgendes:
– Die Kategorien der von Start.io erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten werden in den Abschnitten 2, 3 und 4 näher erläutert;
– Unsere Verwendung der Daten (einschließlich der Weitergabe von Daten) wird in den Abschnitten 7, 8 und 9 erläutert;
– Ihr Widerspruchsrecht und andere Rechte werden in den Abschnitten 12 und 13 erläutert.
Änderungen an der Richtlinie
Diese Richtlinie kann von uns gelegentlich aktualisiert werden. Substantielle Änderungen werden 30 Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum wirksam. Sonstige Änderungen werden 7 Tage nach dem Aktualisierungsdatum wirksam. Wenn vorliegende Richtlinie geändert wird, damit sie weiterhin alle gesetzlichen Anforderungen erfüllt, werden die Änderungen umgehend wirksam. Die jeweils aktuellste Fassung der Richtlinie sowie jegliche Aktualisierung dieser Richtlinie werden veröffentlicht und sind unter folgendem Link verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-de/
. Wir halten Sie dazu an, die Richtlinie regelmäßig zur Kenntnis zu nehmen und sicherzustellen, dass Sie verstehen, wie wir Ihre Daten über das Start.io-Netzwerk erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und Teilen.
Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder diese Richtlinie kommentieren möchten, schreiben Sie uns bitte an:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Sie erreichen uns auch per E-Mail unter:
privacy@start.io
.
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Mit Fragen zu den gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie kontrollierten Daten – darunter etwa auch Anfragen zur Entfernung, Löschung, Änderung, Modifizierung und Übertragung von Daten – wenden Sie sich bitte direkt an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten unter:
dpo@start.io
.
Bitte geben Sie in jedem Schreiben an uns Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und die E-Mail-Adresse an, damit wir Ihre Anfragen zeitnah beantworten können.
Um Ihnen das Lesen angenehmer zu gestalten, kann es sein, dass wir diese Richtlinie aus dem Englischen in mehrere andere Sprachen übersetzen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass bei jeglicher Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten zwischen den verfügbaren Übersetzungen und der englischen Fassung die englische Fassung Vorrang hat (verfügbar auf: Link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
).
Jüngste Aktualisierung: 14.2.2021
Start.io अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता गोपनीयता नीति
Start.io Inc. और इसके सहयोगी (
पूर्व काल में: StartApp Inc.
; “
हम
,” “
हमें
,” “
हमारा
” या “
Start.io
“) आपकी गोपनीयता का सम्मान करते हैं।
यह गोपनीयता नीति (“
नीति
“) संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क में आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संबंध में Start.io की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं की व्याख्या करती है, जिस तरह से आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और डेटा एकत्र, उपयोग और साझा किया जाता है और आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संबंध में आपके लिए अधिकार और विकल्प उपलब्ध हैं।
हम कौन हैं?
Start.io एक गतिशील विज्ञापन और डेटा कंपनी है जो व्यक्तियों ( “
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता
”) को उनके प्रोफ़ाइल के आधार पर लक्षित और व्यक्तिगत विज्ञापन देने के उद्देश्य से एक विज्ञापन प्लेटफ़ॉर्म, समाधान और नेटवर्क (“
Start.io समाधान
“) का विकास, संचालन और समर्थन करती है।
Start.io के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, आप हमारी वेबसाइट देख सकते हैं:
www.start.io
।
Start.io नेटवर्क के साथ परिचय
।
Start.io समाधान आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा, स्थान और कई स्रोतों (जैसे कि विभिन्न प्रकार के मोबाइल ऐप्स में अंतर्निहित या एकीकृत Start.io SDK (सॉफ़्टवेयर डेवलपमेंट किट) के जरिए, रियल टाइम (RTB) पर विज्ञापनों के नियोजन के लिए उपयोग किया जाता Start.io RTB (रियल टाइम बिडिंग) प्लेटफ़ॉर्म, आपूर्ति पक्ष प्लेटफॉर्म या भागीदार, विज्ञापनदाताओं और अन्य डेटा प्रदाता; मिला कर:  “
डेटा स्रोत
“) से अन्य डेटा को एकत्र करता है और संसाधित करता है।
Start.io निम्नलिखित तृतीय पक्षों के साथ ऐसा डेटा (या उसका हिस्सा) साझा करता है या उपलब्ध कराता है (i) विज्ञापनदाता जो Start.io इन्वेंट्री पर अपने अभियान चलाते हैं (सीधे Start.io से या अन्य विज्ञापन नेटवर्क या प्लेटफॉर्म के जरिए अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से जुड़े मोबाइल ऐप्स; “
विज्ञापनदाता
“); (ii) विज्ञापन एजेंसियां और अन्य व्यावसायिक भागीदार, जो Start.io इन्वेंट्री या अपनी स्वतंत्र इन्वेंट्री पर अपने अभियान चलाते हैं, और डेटा के “प्रोसेसर्स” या “नियंत्रक” हो सकते हैं (मिला कर: “
व्यावसायिक भागीदार
“); और (iii) तीसरे पक्ष जो अपने स्वयं के डेटा बेसेज़, समाधानों या प्लेटफ़ॉर्म को चलाते हैं या संचालित करते हैं जो डेटा के “नियंत्रकों” के रूप में कार्य कर सकते हैं और आपके डेटा का उपयोग अन्य डेटा के साथ कर सकते हैं जिसे वे आपके बारे में संसाधित करते हैं (“
डेटा भागीदार
“)।
“
Start.io नेटवर्क
” का अर्थ Start.io का विज्ञापन नेटवर्क है जिसमें एक ओर डेटा स्रोत और दूसरी ओर विज्ञापनदाता, व्यवसाय भागीदार और डेटा भागीदार शामिल होते हैं, जहां आपका डेटा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग किया जाता है और उपलब्ध कराया जाता है और उद्देश्य (जैसा कि नीचे परिभाषित किया गया है) के लिए साझा किया गया है।
डाटा प्रोसेसिंग का उद्देश्य
।
आपका डेटा
आपके प्रोफ़ाइल के आधार पर लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापनों की सेवा के उद्देश्य
से
Start.io नेटवर्क पर
Start.io द्वारा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा किया जाता है; बशर्ते कि,
यदि हम आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करते हैं, तो हम इसका उपयोग अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए भी कर सकते हैं
(मिला कर: “
उद्देश्य
“)।
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा, एक ऐसा डेटा है जो न तो व्यक्तिगत रूप से आपकी पहचान करता है और न ही पहचानने योग्य है। आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी (या MAID) को हटाकर, हैशिंग करके या एन्क्रिप्ट करके अज्ञात किया जा सकता है, जो आपके डेटा को अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं के डेटा से अलग करने के लिए हमारे द्वारा उपयोग किया गया आपका विशिष्ट पहचानकर्ता है, और इसे उसकी पहचान योग्य बनाते हैं।
जब हम आपके डेटा को तृतीय पक्षों (विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यावसायिक भागीदारों और/या डेटा भागीदारों) के साथ साझा करते हैं, तो हम उन्हें केवल उद्देश्य के लिए डेटा का उपयोग करने के लिए अनुबंधित रूप से बाध्य करेंगे, इसके अलावा यदि वे प्रतिनिधित्व करते हैं कि वे आपकी सहमति के अधीन या अन्य वैध आधार पर अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए इसका उपयोग कर सकते हैं।
विज्ञापन प्राप्त करना बंद करें; हमारी सहायता से यहां संपर्क करें
support@start.io
।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जाने वाले मोबाइल ऐप के अंदर विज्ञापन दिखाने का निर्णय Start.io का नहीं है, बल्कि ऐप के डेवलपर या प्रकाशक का है जो हमारी सेवाओं का उपयोग करता है (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)। हालांकि, हमारा मानना हैं कि आपको इन ऐप्स से लाभ होता है, क्योंकि अधिकांश मामलों में, प्रकाशकों के ऐप्स और सेवाओं को निःशुल्क रखने के लिए विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित करना आवश्यक है। इसके अलावा, जब ऐप का डेवलपर या प्रकाशक हमारी सेवाओं का उपयोग करता है (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)
तो आपको प्रदान किए गए विज्ञापनों को आपके लिए इष्टतम और/या अनुकूलित किया जा सकता है, जो ऐप के साथ आपके अनुभव को बेहतर बनाता है
।
यदि आप विज्ञापन प्राप्त करना बंद करना चाहते हैं, तो आपको ऐप के
डेवलपर
या प्रकाशक से संपर्क करना चाहिए, जिनके विवरण आप
Google Play
या
Apple App Store
पर देख सकते हैं, और इसके लिए अपना अनुरोध दर्ज़ कर सकते हैं। वैकल्पिक रूप से, आप अपनी मोबाइल फ़ोन सेटिंग्स को बदल सकते हैं (
IOS
/
Android
)।
आप हमसे
support@start.io
पर संपर्क कर सकते हैं और हम आपकी सहायता करने की पूरी कोशिश करेंगे।
बाहर निकलना
।
आपके पास नीचे दिए गए भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) के तहत अपनी पसंदीदा पसंद पर क्लिक करके,
संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क और/या हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा को साझा करने से बाहर निकलने का विकल्प होता है।
बाहर निकलने का चयन करने से,
Start.io नेटवर्क के अंदर आपको प्रदान किए गए विज्ञापनों के साथ आपका अनुभव आपके लिए इष्टतम या अनुकूलित नहीं किया जाएगा।
Start.io आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा का नियंत्रक या प्रोसेसर हो सकता है, उस तरीके पर विचार करते हुए जिस में डेटा प्रत्येक डेटा स्रोत द्वारा या उसके माध्यम से एकत्र किया जाता है और हमारे या हमारे प्रत्येक विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यापार भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों द्वारा इसका उपयोग किया जाता है।
आप इस तरह से निम्नलिखित के उपयोग के लिए सहमत होते हैं: (a) इस नीति को सहमति देने और पूरा करने के लिए इलेक्ट्रॉनिक साधन और आपको इस नीति के अनुसार दिए गए कोई भी नोटिस को देने के लिए; और (b) इस नीति से संबंधित जानकारी संग्रहीत करने के लिए इलेक्ट्रॉनिक रिकॉर्ड।
एक नज़र में हमारी गोपनीयता नीति
भाग
सारांश
2
जानकारी जो हम आपसे प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से एकत्र करते हैं
यदि हमारे पास उपलब्ध हो तो हम निम्नलिखित डेटा को एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा (इस नीति के अनुसार) करेंगे: आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी, इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल पते, स्थान, ऐप का नाम (जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल है), लिंग और आयु (यदि हमारे द्वारा साझा किया गया है या हमारे द्वारा ग्रहण किया गया है), इंस्टॉल किए गए ऐप्स, डिवाइस प्रॉपर्टीज़, ब्लूटूथ पेअर्ड डिवाइसेज़, डिवाइस सेंसर्स, कैरियर, ISP, नेटवर्क कनेक्शन्स विवरण और वाई-फाई डेटा, रोमिंग, स्थानीय समय क्षेत्र, भाषा सेटिंग्स, आपकी रुचियां और हमारे साथ साझा किए गए कीवर्ड्स से कल्पित व्यवहारिक डेटा।
3
आपके स्थान का संग्रह
हम आपके सटीक स्थान को एकत्रित, संसाधित और उपयोग करेंगे (केवल यदि आप उस ऐप को अनुमति देते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित है)। आपके सटीक स्थान को हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या इकट्ठा किया जाएगा और तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
यदि आप वाई-फाई और/या मोबाइल नेटवर्क सेल से जुड़े हुए हैं, जिसका अनुमानित स्थान हमें ज्ञात है, तो हम उसे आपका स्थान मान लेंगे।
आपका देश, शहर और क्षेत्र आपके आईपी या अन्य डेटा स्रोतों से हमारे लिए उपलब्ध हो सकता है।
4
जानकारी जो हम विज्ञापनों के साथ या विज्ञापनदाताओं से आपकी बातचीत से एकत्र करते हैं
जब आप एक विज्ञापन के साथ इंटरैक्ट करते हैं, तो विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप हमारे साथ साझा किए जाएंगे। हम मोबाइल ऐप्स के भीतर पोस्ट क्लिक उपयोग और/या गतिविधि प्राप्त कर सकते हैं जो विज्ञापन इन ऐप्स या ऐप सेवाओं की ओर ले जाता है।
5
संवेदनशील जानकारी का संग्रह
Start.io को एंड यूज़र से या की किसी संवेदनशील जानकारी को एकत्र करने या मांगने की आवश्यकता नहीं है और न ही यह जानबूझकर या इरादतन चाहता है।
6
बच्चों की गोपनीयता
Start.io जानबूझकर या इरादतन बच्चों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र या मांगता नहीं है (जैसा कि उन्हें लागू कानून के तहत परिभाषित किया गया है)।
7
वैयक्तिकृत, लक्षित विज्ञापनों के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
हम इस उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे (इसमें शामिल हैं: बेचना, लाइसेंस या साझा करना), यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल और गतिविधि के आधार पर आपको लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देना।
8
अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए आपकी जानकारी का उपयोग
हम अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए भी हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे, जैसे कि: Start.io समाधान को सुधारना, नई सेवाओं का अद्यतन विकसित करना या मौजूदा सेवाओं को अपग्रेड करना; Start.io समाधान का संचालन, रखरखाव, सुरक्षा और प्रबंधन; उपयोग संबंधी आँकड़े और यातायात प्रवाह का ऑडिट और ट्रैक करना; Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाना; इस नीति को लागू करना और गैरकानूनी गतिविधियों को रोकना; और किसी भी लागू कानूनों का पालन करना।
9
तृतीय पक्षों के साथ डेटा साझा करना
हम आपका डेटा (या उसके हिस्से) को विज्ञापनदाताओं, विज्ञापन नेटवर्क्स, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और/या डेटा भागीदारों; एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदारों; सक्षम प्राधिकरणों; हमारी संबद्ध कॉर्पोरेट समूह संस्थाओं के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं; और हमारे चल रहे व्यवसाय में हमारी सभी संपत्तियों या शेयरों या अन्य पुनर्गठन या पुनर्निर्माण के विलय, बिक्री या हस्तांतरण की स्थिति में साझा कर सकते हैं।
10
कुकीज़ और तृतीय पक्ष द्वारा डेटा संग्रह
यदि आप किसी ऐसे ऐप से मोबाइल वेबपेज खोलते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित किया गया है, तो हम आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी के साथ आपके डिवाइस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर कुकी को रख सकते हैं जिसका उपयोग हमारे द्वारा उद्देश्य के लिए किया जाएगा।
11
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा हमारे द्वारा किसी भी तरीके में एकत्र, संसाधित और उपयोग किया जा सकता है।
12
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार (और कैलिफ़ोर्निया के एंड यूज़र्स के लिए “मेरी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को न बेचें”)
आप हमें
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, और यह बताते हुए कि आप किस सेवा से बाहर निकलना चाहते हैं, Start.io नेटवर्क से संबंधित कुछ डेटा संग्रह, साझाकरण प्रक्रिया और लक्षित विज्ञापन से आसानी से बाहर निकल सकते हैं।
इसके अलावा, कैलिफ़ोर्निया के
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता बाहर निकलने के लिए 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (सेवा कोड: 234) पर कॉल कर सकते हैं।
13
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण
हमें
dpo@start.io
या
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन और उनके अनुसार, आपको निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी अधिकार का प्रयोग करने का अधिकार है, जो अधिकार(रों) का विस्तार करता है, जिन्हें आप व्यवहार में लाना चाहेंगे: सहमति वापस लेंगे; ऑब्जेक्ट, मिटाना (भूल जाना), अपने डेटा, डेटा पोर्टेबिलिटी तक पहुंच करना।
14
डेटा सुरक्षा
हमने लागू कानूनों और उद्योग मानकों का अनुपालन करने वाली सेवाओं के लिए भौतिक, तकनीकी और प्रशासनिक सुरक्षा उपायों को लागू किया है।
15
डेटा प्रतिधारण
हम लागू कानूनों के अनुसार और उनके अनुपालन में, एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को बनाए रखते हैं, लेकिन किसी भी मामले में, हम (a) EU या UK में एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 12 महीनों; या (b) अन्य सभी एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 36 महीनों से अधिक के दौरान उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे।
16
आपके क्षेत्र के बाहर डेटा का स्थानांतरण
हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संग्रहीत या संसाधित कर सकते हैं। आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन, इस गोपनीयता नीति के लिए आपकी सहमति में आपके डेटा के ऐसे हस्तांतरण के लिए आपकी स्पष्ट सहमति शामिल है।
17
कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता
– CCPA
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता के लिए सामान्य जानकारी जो CCPA के अधीन हैं।
18
नीति में परिवर्तन
यह नीति समय-समय पर हमारे द्वारा अपडेट की जा सकती है। सबसे अद्यतित नीति और साथ ही इस नीति में कोई भी अद्यतन निम्नलिखित लिंक में प्रकाशित किया जाएगा और उपलब्ध होगा:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
।
19
हमारे साथ संपर्क करें
आप यहां ईमेल करके भी हमसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
support@start.io
।
20
डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी
आप यहां हमारे डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी से संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
dpo@start.io
।
जानकारी जो हम अपने डेटा स्त्रोतों के जरिए आपसे प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से एकत्र करते हैं
यदि आप कोई ऐप डाउनलोड करते हैं, जिसमें हमारा Start.io SDK इंस्टॉल है या अंतर्निहित किया गया है, और/या यदि आपका डेटा हमारे साथ साझा किया जाता है, जब हम अन्य विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, एजेंसियों या प्लेटफॉर्म (जैसे कि RTB) के साथ एकीकृत या जुड़े होते हैं, तो हम निम्नलिखित डेटा एकत्र और संसाधित करेंगे (या इसका हिस्सा – उपयोग की गई तकनीक या एकीकरण, हमारे पास उपलब्ध डेटा और अन्य अनुमतियों पर विचार करते हुए):
ऑनलाइन पहचानकर्ता: विज्ञापन आईडी (iOS उपकरणों के लिए IDFA और/या IDFV और एन्ड्रॉइड उपकरणों के लिए ADID) (“
ADID
“)।
इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल (“
IP
“) पते।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि, जबकि ADID ​​और IP पते को कई अधिकार क्षेत्रों (जैसे की EEA) में व्यक्तिगत रूप से पहचाने जाने योग्य डेटा माना जाता है, कुछ ऐसे क्षेत्राधिकार हैं जिनमें ऐसे डेटा को व्यक्तिगत डेटा नहीं माना जाता है।
स्थान – जैसा कि नीचे भाग 3 में विस्तृत है।
ऐप का नाम (जहां SDK इंस्टाल है) और उसकी श्रेणी; गैर SDK के लिए: उस मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन का नाम जिसके जरिए आप Start.io नेटवर्क से इंटरैक्ट करते हैं।
लिंग और उम्र (चाहे हमारे द्वारा किए गए निष्कर्ष के रूप में या अन्य डेटा स्रोत द्वारा हमारे साथ सख्ती से साझा किया गया हो)
किसी पूछताछ का डेटा जो पूछता है कि क्या आपकी मोबाइल डिवाइस में कुछ ऐप्स पहले से इंस्टॉल हैं (एक तरफा हैश प्रतिनिधित्व)।
अन्य सामान्य डेटा: डिवाइस प्रॉपर्टीज़ (ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम, ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम संस्करण और डिवाइस प्रकार), ब्लूटूथ पेअर्ड डिवाइस, डिवाइस सेंसर्स (जैसे एक्सेलेरोमीटर), आपका कैरियर, ISP, नेटवर्क कनेक्शन के विवरण और वाई-फाई डेटा, रोमिंग, स्थानीय समय क्षेत्र , भाषा सेटिंग्स।
Start.io SDK
सॉफ्टवेयर का एक ऐसा हिस्सा है जो मोबाइल ऐप्स में एकीकृत या अंतर्निहित किया गया है जो इन ऐप्स के डेवलपर्स, मालिकों या ऑपरेटरों को आपको और साथ ही अन्य एंड यूज़र्स को वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देने में सक्षम बनाता है।
“
विज्ञापन
” या “
Ad
” का अर्थ Start.io नेटवर्क द्वारा प्रदान, सक्षम, समर्थित या सुविधा दी गई, चीज़ों और सेवाओं या मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन, सॉफ़्टवेयर इत्यादि को बढ़ावा देने वाली लिखित, तस्वीरों, वीडियो, विज्ञापनों, सामग्री, फ़ोटो, आवाज़, ग्राफिक्स, संगीत, लोगोज़ और किसी भी
अन्य
तरह की सामग्री या निहित वस्तु है।
“
RTB
” का अर्थ “रियल टाइम बिडिंग” प्लेटफॉर्म या समाधान है, जिसके द्वारा विज्ञापन इन्वेंट्री को प्रोग्रामेटिक तात्कालिक नीलामी के जरिए प्रति-प्रभार के आधार पर खरीदा और बेचा जाता है, जो ज्यादातर मामलों में, यूज़र के डेटा पर आधारित होता है जिसे बोली लगाने वाले (विज्ञापनदाता या विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, जैसे कि Start.io) के साथ साझा किया जाता है। विज्ञापनदाता जो बोली जीतता है, उस यूज़र को बोली इन्वेंट्री पर अपना विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित करता है।
आपके स्थान का संग्रह
आपका स्थान निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी उदाहरण के जरिए हमे उपलब्ध हो सकता है (मिला कर: आपका “
स्थान
“):
हम आपके मोबाइल फोन के जरिए आपका सटीक स्थान तभी एकत्र कर सकते हैं, जब आप किसी ऐप के साथ अपना स्थान साझा करने की अनुमति और सहमति देते हैं, जिसमें Start.io SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित किया गया है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि हम कोई रियल टाइम स्थान एकत्र नहीं करते हैं लेकिन आपका अंतिम ज्ञात स्थान जो हमारे SDK के लिए उपलब्ध है। आपके सटीक स्थान को हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या इकट्ठा किया जाएगा और तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
हम आपके स्थान को समझ सकते हैं, यदि आप किसी ऐसे वाई-फाई से जुड़े हुए हैं, जिसका अनुमानित स्थान हमें ज्ञात है।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि यदि आप आपका स्थान पाने के लिए ऐप(ज़) को दी गई अनुमति को रद्द कर देते हैं (जो SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित है) तो हम उपरोक्त उपभागों (a) और (b) के अनुसार आपका स्थान पाने के योग्य नहीं होंगे।
हम उस मोबाइल नेटवर्क सेल के संबंध में डेटा एकत्र करके आपका स्थान समझ सकते हैं, जिससे आप जुड़े हुए हैं, यदि उस सेल का स्थान हमें ज्ञात है।
आपका देश, शहर और क्षेत्र SDK या अन्य डेटा स्रोतों द्वारा एकत्र किए गए आपके IP से या तीसरे पक्षों द्वारा हमारे साथ साझा किए गए अन्य डेटा से उपलब्ध हो सकता है (उदाहरण के लिए RTB एकीकरण के जरिए)।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि किसी ऐप (मोबाइल डिवाइस ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम के जरिए) के लिए आपकी भू-स्थान अनुमति को अक्षम करके, आपके स्थान को अभी भी हमारे द्वारा उप-भागों (b), (c) और (d) में विस्तृत अन्य उपलब्ध स्रोतों से समझा और/या एकत्र किया जा सकता है।
आप अपने डिवाइस की सेटिंग को संपादित करके किसी भी समय स्थान-आधारित सेवाओं से बाहर निकल सकते हैं। इसके अतिरिक्त, आप
सभी स्रोतों
द्वारा हमारे साथ अपना स्थान साझा करने का चयन रद्द कर सकते हैं, जैसा कि नीचे भाग 12
(
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
) में वर्णित है
।
जानकारी जो हम विज्ञापनों के साथ या विज्ञापनदाताओं से आपकी बातचीत से एकत्र करते हैं
जब आप हमारे द्वारा प्रदान किए गए, समर्थित या सक्षम किए गए किसी विज्ञापन के साथ इंटरैक्ट करते हैं, तो विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप हमारे साथ तृतीय पक्ष सेवाओं (जिन्हें “एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदार” कहा जाता है) के द्वारा साझा किया जाएगा। हम इस डेटा का उपयोग फ़्रीक्वेंसी कैप (उदाहरण: यदि और कब आपको एक समान विज्ञापन प्रस्तुत करना है) और विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप के लिए करेंगे।
इसके अलावा, मोबाइल ऐप प्रकाशक, डेवलपर्स और/या मालिक, जिन्हें विज्ञापन उनके मोबाइल ऐप्स पर ले जाता है (मोबाइल ऐप की इन्सेन्टिवाइज़ इंस्टालेशन सहित) और/या सेवाएं हमारे साथ आपके पोस्ट क्लिक उपयोग और/या उनके मोबाइल ऐप्स के अंदर की गतिविधि को या विज्ञापन के साथ आपकी बातचीत के बाद की सेवाओं को साझा कर सकते हैं। इस तरह के उपयोग और/या गतिविधि में आपके द्वारा की जाने वाली खरीदारियां (राशि सहित), आपके द्वारा खरीदी गई सदस्यताएं और स्तर प्रगति (गेमों में) शामिल हो सकती हैं। इस जानकारी का उपयोग हमारे द्वारा इन मोबाइल ऐप्स के प्रकाशकों, डेवलपर्स और/या मालिकों के भविष्य के विज्ञापन अभियानों को Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए अनुकूलित करने के लिए, साथ ही नीचे भाग 8 में विस्तृत उद्देश्य के लिए भी किया जाएगा।
संवेदनशील जानकारी का संग्रह
Start.io को एंड यूज़र से या की किसी संवेदनशील जानकारी को एकत्र करने या मांगने की आवश्यकता नहीं है और न ही यह जानबूझकर या इरादतन चाहता है।
शब्द “संवेदनशील जानकारी” का अर्थ अधिकार क्षेत्र में परिभाषित के रूप में होगा, जिसके गोपनीयता कानून आप पर लागू होते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि, “संवेदनशील जानकारी” शब्द की परिभाषा अलग-अलग अधिकार क्षेत्रों में काफी भिन्न हो सकती है। कुछ अधिकार क्षेत्रों में, संवेदनशील जानकारी में निम्नलिखित शामिल हो सकते हैं: नस्लीय, जातीय या सांप्रदायिक मूल; राजनीतिक संबद्धता या राय; धार्मिक या दार्शनिक विश्वास या समान प्रकृति के अन्य विश्वास; अंतरंग संबंध या यौन जीवन; वित्तीय डेटा, क्रेडिट योग्यता डेटा, वित्तीय खाता, भुगतान कार्ड संख्या; आपराधिक रिकॉर्ड; राजनीतिक दल या ट्रेड-यूनियन सदस्यता; और शारीरिक या मानसिक स्वास्थ्य या स्थिति, स्वास्थ्य बीमा, चिकित्सा और/या बायोमेट्रिक डेटा।
यदि आप जागरूक हो जाते हैं या आपके पास यह मानने के लिए कोई कारण है कि आपसे आपकी संवेदनशील जानकारी प्रदान करने का अनुरोध किया गया था, या कि Start.io नेटवर्क ने आपकी जानकारी को संसाधित किया है, जिसे संवेदनशील जानकारी माना जाता है, आप पर लागू होने वाले गोपनीयता कानूनों के अनुसार, कृपया हमसे
privacy@start.io
पर संपर्क करें और हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए कदम उठाएंगे कि ऐसी संवेदनशील जानकारी हमारी फाइलों से तुरंत हटा दी जाएगी।
बच्चों की गोपनीयता
Start.io बच्चों की गोपनीयता सुरक्षा से संबंधित लागू कानून का अनुपालन करता है, जिसमें US के बच्चों का ऑनलाइन गोपनीयता सुरक्षा अधिनियम (“
COPPA
”) शामिल है। इस प्रकार, हम जानबूझकर या इरादतन बच्चों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र या इसकी मांग नहीं करते हैं, क्योंकि उन्हें लागू कानून के तहत परिभाषित किया गया है, और विशेष रूप से: 13 वर्ष से कम उम्र के, यदि वे कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अलावा US में स्थित हैं, या 16 वर्ष से कम उम्र के, यदि वे EU या कैलिफ़ोर्निया में स्थित हैं (सामूहिक रूप से: “
बच्चा
” या “
बच्चे
“), लागू कानून के तहत अनुमति के अलावा।
यदि हमें वास्तविक ज्ञान प्राप्त होता है कि एक एंड यूज़र को लागू कानून के तहत एक बच्चे के रूप में माना जाता है, और हमने उस एंड यूज़र (लागू कानून के तहत अनुमति के अलावा) के संबंध में व्यक्तिगत जानकारी संसाधित की है, तो हम उसकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हटाने के लिए तत्काल कदम उठाएंगे। इसके अलावा, हम अनुरोध करते हैं कि बच्चे स्वेच्छा से हमें Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए कोई भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी नहीं देंगे।
यदि आप जागरूक हो जाते हैं या आपके पास यह मानने का कोई कारण है कि किसी बच्चे ने हमारे साथ कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा की है, तो कृपया हमसे
privacy@start.io
पर संपर्क करें और हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए कदम उठाएंगे कि ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी लागू कानून के तहत आवश्यक सीमा तक, तुरंत हमारी फ़ाइलों से हटा दी गई है।
वैयक्तिकृत, लक्षित विज्ञापनों के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
हम इस उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे (इसमें शामिल हैं: बेचना, लाइसेंस या साझा करना), यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल और गतिविधि के आधार पर आपको लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देना।
आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल उपरोक्त बताए अनुसार, सभी डेटा स्त्रोतों के जरिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्र की गई या हमारे साथ साझा, और हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एक एकल डेटाबेस में एकीकृत की गई जानकारी के आधार पर, आपके व्यवहार, हितों और इरादों के संबंध में हमारे व्यवहार, हितों और इरादों के संबंध में हमारे विश्लेषण, मान्यताओं और नतीजों के बारे में एक संभाव्य आउटपुट है।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन हमारी इन्वेंट्री पर हमारे द्वारा और/या हमारे व्यवसाय भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों के द्वारा आपको दिया जा सकता है, जिनसे हम आपके डेटा को साझा करते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि एक बार हमारे द्वारा आपके डेटा को किसी तृतीय पक्ष के साथ साझा करने के बाद, डेटा उस तृतीय-पक्ष की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के अधीन हो जाता है।
बशर्ते कि, किसी पूछताछ का आपका सटीक स्थान और डेटा जो पूछता है कि आपके मोबाइल डिवाइस में कुछ ऐप्स पहले ही इंस्टॉल किए गए हैं या नहीं तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा, लेकिन हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित किए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या संयुक्त किया जा सकता है और आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल के हिस्से के रूप में साझा किया जा सकता है।
उन व्यापार भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों की सूची जो हमें उनकी गोपनीयता नीति आपको उपलब्ध कराने के लिए कहते हैं, यहाँ उपलब्ध है:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है: उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण के लिए कानूनी आधार आपकी सहमति है, जिसे आपके द्वारा सीधे या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से तीसरे पक्ष के जरिए प्रदान किया जा सकता है (जैसे कि RTB संकेत या संकेत)। हमारे लिए आपकी सहमति सामान्य हो सकती है (हमारे द्वारा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और/या साझा किए जाते सभी डेटा के लिए) या किसी मामले(लों) में हमारे साथ साझा किए विशिष्ट डेटा के संबंध में (जैसे कि RTB संकेत या संकेत के साथ साझा किया गया डेटा)। हम दी गई या हमारे साथ साझा की गई आपकी सहमति के दायरे का पालन करेंगे।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि जब “बिना कोई सहमति” संकेत (या समान संकेत) के साथ किसी तीसरे पक्ष द्वारा हमारे साथ कुछ डेटा साझा किया जाता है, तो यह सामान्य रूप से या अन्य संकेतों के जरिए आपकी सहमति को प्रभावित नहीं करता है (“सहमति” संकेत के साथ), न ही यह हमारे द्वारा भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) या भाग 13 (आपके विकल्प और नियंत्रण) के तहत आपके अधिकारों का उपयोग करने के रूप में माना जाता है, जिसे यहां विस्तृत रूप में प्रयोग किया जाना चाहिए।
कृपया Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने या किसी भी लागू कानून के अनुसार आपको दिए गए अन्य अधिकारों का उपयोग करने के लिए नीचे भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) और धारा 13 (आपके विकल्प और नियंत्रण) भाग देखें।
अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए आपकी जानकारी का उपयोग
जानकारी जो हम एकत्र करते हैं, और जो हमारे साथ साझा की जाती है उसका उपयोग निम्नलिखित अतिरिक्त उद्देश्यों के लिए किया जाएगा:
Start.io समाधान को बेहतर बनाने के लिए, नई सेवाएं अपडेट तैयार करें या मौजूदा सेवाओं को अपग्रेड करें और Start.io समाधान के साथ अपने अनुभव को बढ़ाने के लिए।
Start.io समाधान को संचालित करने, बनाए रखने, संरक्षित करने और प्रबंधित करने के लिए, और हमारे Start.io समाधान के अन्य प्रशासनिक और परिचालन पहलुओं का प्रबंधन करने के लिए।
उपयोग आंकड़ों और यातायात प्रवाह का ऑडिट और ट्रैक करने के लिए, और Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाएं।
Start.io या तृतीय पक्षों के अधिकारों या संपत्ति की रक्षा के लिए।
इस नीति को लागू करने और गैरकानूनी गतिविधियों और Start.io समाधान के दुरुपयोग को रोकने के लिए।
कानूनी दावों के खिलाफ बचाव के लिए हमारे अधिकारों को निर्धारित या व्यवहार में लाने के लिए।
हमारे, हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं, स्वयं या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के अधिकारों, संपत्ति या सुरक्षा को नुकसान को बचाने के लिए या कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों के साथ सहयोग करने के उद्देश्य से या यदि हम बौद्धिक संपदा या अन्य कानूनी अधिकारों को लागू करना आवश्यक पाते हैं।
कोई भी लागू कानूनों का पालन करने और कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों की सहायता करने के लिए जब हमें अच्छा विश्वास है कि उनके साथ हमारा सहयोग लागू कानूनी मानकों को पूरा करता है।
Start.io समाधान के संबंध में आपको शामिल करते विवाद के किसी भी मामले में कोई कार्रवाई करने के लिए।
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है, उपरोक्त उद्देश्य के लिए आपके डेटा का उपयोग हमारे निम्नलिखित के वैध हितों पर आधारित होता है: (i) Start.io समाधान का संचालन, प्रदान करना, बनाए रखने, संरक्षित करना, प्रबंधन, अनुकूलन और सुधार करना (इन कार्यों को करने के लिए आपके ADID की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है); (ii) लेखांकन और ट्रैकिंग उपयोग आंकड़े और यातायात प्रवाह, Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाना और भुगतानों की गणना करना (इन कार्यों को करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है); और (iii) Start.io या तृतीय पक्षों के अधिकारों या संपत्ति की रक्षा करना।
तीसरे पक्षों के साथ डेटा साझा करना
हम निम्नलिखित के अनुसार आपके डेटा (या इसके हिस्से को) साझा कर सकते हैं:
हम विज्ञापनदाताओं, विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, व्यापार भागीदारों और/या हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके डेटा (या इसके हिस्से) को साझा, लाइसेंस, बिक्री, स्थानांतरण या उपलब्ध कराएंगे जो उपरोक्त भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में बताए अनुसार, और वहां विस्तृत रूप से आपकी सहमति के अनुसार आपको लक्षित और/या वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन पेश करते समय इसका उपयोग कर सकते हैं।
हम विज्ञापन के माप और एट्रिब्यूशन के उद्देश्य के लिए एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदारों के साथ, हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किए गए ADIDs को साझा करेंगे, जिसका उपयोग भुगतानों की गणना के लिए, Start.io समाधान के संबंध में अमान्य यातायात (धोखाधड़ी), सुरक्षा या तकनीकी समस्याओं का पता लगाने के लिए किया जाता है।
यदि आपने नियमों या इस नीति की उल्लंघना की है, ऐप का उपयोग करने के अपने अधिकारों का दुरुपयोग किया है, या किसी भी लागू कानून का उल्लंघन किया है, या विवाद के किसी अन्य मामले में, या ऐप के संबंध में आपको शामिल करती किसी भी प्रकार की कानूनी कार्यवाही में, आपकी जानकारी आवश्यक होने अनुसार सक्षम अधिकारियों के साथ और किसी भी तीसरे पक्ष के साथ साझा की जाएगी।
हम ऐसी जानकारी को संबंधित अधिकारियों, संस्थाओं या व्यक्तियों के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं जो हम ऐप के जरिए एकत्र या प्राप्त करते हैं यदि हमें कानून के अनुसार आपकी जानकारी को साझा करने या प्रकट करने की आवश्यकता है।
व्यक्तिगत पहचान योग्य जानकारी को हमारी संबद्ध कॉर्पोरेट समूह इकाइयों (“
सहयोगियों
” द्वारा, उनके साथ सामान्य नियंत्रण के अधीन, या नियंत्रित करती, प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से, इकाइयां) के साथ साझा किया जा सकता है या स्थानांतरित की जा सकती है, लेकिन इस तरह की जानकारी के उनके उपयोग को इस नीति का पालन करना होगा।
दिवालियापन, विघटन या अन्य परिसमापन या दिवाला घटनाओं पर या हमारे चलते व्यवसाय में हमारी संपत्तियों या शेयरों या अन्य पुनर्गठन या पुनर्निर्माण के सभी या किसी हिस्से के विलय, बिक्री या हस्तांतरण की स्थिति में, पिछले भागों में उल्लिखित अनुसार, हमारे द्वारा प्राप्त, एकत्र या हासिल की जाने वाली जानकारी सेवाओं के निरंतर प्रावधानों के लिए सख्ती से आवश्यक सीमा तक संबंधित इकाई के साथ साझा की जा सकती है या स्थानांतरित की जा सकती है, बशर्ते कि यह उचित रूप से आवश्यक परिवर्तनों को विचारे जाने के साथ, इस नीति के प्रावधानों से बाध्य होगा। जानकारी के इस तरह के हस्तांतरण या साझाकरण पर, वह इकाई सभी बाद के उपयोग और जानकारी बनाने के प्रसंस्करण के लिए पूर्ण और विशेष जिम्मेदारी मान लेगी और हमें इसके द्वारा अनुवर्ती
इकाई के उपयोग और जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण के संबंध में, आप पर किसी भी दायित्व से मुक्त किया जाएगा।
इस नीति में उपरोक्त उल्लिखित के अलावा किसी भी मामले में, आपकी व्यक्तिगत पहचान योग्य जानकारी दूसरों के साथ केवल तब ही साझा की जाएगी यदि आप अपनी सहमति देते हैं, जैसा कि उपरोक्त भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में वर्णित है।
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है, उपभाग (a) के अनुसार आपके डेटा को साझा करना आपकी सहमति पर आधारित होता है, जैसा कि भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में वर्णित है, और अन्य उपभागों के लिए हमारे वैध हितों पर आधारित है।
कुकीज़ और तीसरे पक्ष द्वारा डेटा संग्रह
यदि आप किसी ऐसे ऐप से मोबाइल वेबपेज खोलते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित होता है, तो हम आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी के साथ आपके डिवाइस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर एक कुकी रख सकते हैं जिसका उपयोग हमारे द्वारा उद्देश्य के लिए किया जाएगा (उस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर आपके लिए लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापनों की सेवा) (“
कुकी
“)। विज्ञापन अभियान चलाते समय, आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर हमारे द्वारा दिए गए, सक्षम या समर्थित, कुकी हमें मोबाइल ब्राउज़र के उपयोगकर्ता के रूप में आपको पहचानने और तदनुसार वैयक्तिकृत करने में सक्षम बनाएगी।
अधिकतर ब्राउज़र आपको अपने डिवाइस से कुकीज़ को मिटाने, कुकीज़ की स्वीकृति को अवरुद्ध करने या कुकी को संग्रहीत करने से पहले चेतावनी प्राप्त करने की अनुमति देंगे। हालांकि, यदि आप कुकीज़ को अवरुद्ध करते हैं या मिटाते हैं तो आपका अनुभव सीमित हो सकता है। इस संबंध में कुकीज़ और आपके नियंत्रणों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, आप निम्नलिखित लिंक्स की समीक्षा कर सकते हैं:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/welcome/web
(Safari); और
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा
हम गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा एकत्र, संसाधित और उपयोग कर सकते हैं, जो व्यक्तिगत रूप से आपकी पहचान नहीं करता हैं (जिसमें व्यक्तिगत डेटा शामिल है जिसे आगे अज्ञात किया गया है)। इस तरह के गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा को किसी भी तरह से एकत्रित, संसाधित और उपयोग किया जा सकता है, जिसमें पोस्टिंग, प्रसार, प्रसारण, साझा करना या अन्यथा संचार या तीसरे पक्ष को उपलब्ध कराना शामिल है।
उदाहरण के लिए: (i) हम बाजार अनुसंधान उद्देश्य के लिए, आपके ADID को हटाने के बाद, आपके डेटा का उपयोग कर सकते हैं; और (ii) Start.io के SDK में यह पुष्टि करने के उद्देश्य से IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) द्वारा ओपन माप सॉफ्टवेयर डेवलपमेंट किट शामिल है कि विज्ञापनों को वास्तव में देखा गया था। हम किसी भी व्यक्तिगत डेटा को IAB के साथ या OM SDK के माध्यम से साझा नहीं करते हैं।
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
आप हमें
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, और यह बताते हुए कि आप किस सेवा से बाहर निकलना चाहते हैं, Start.io नेटवर्क से संबंधित कुछ डेटा संग्रह, साझाकरण प्रक्रिया और लक्षित विज्ञापन से आसानी से बाहर निकल सकते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि हमें आपसे संपर्क करना पड़ सकता है, यदि हमे आपका आवेदन प्राप्त करने से चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपकी पहचान को सत्यापित करना है। आप इस बात से सहमत होते हैं कि हम उस उद्देश्य के लिए आपके ईमेल का उपयोग करेंगे।
हम इसे प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान (लागू होने पर) सत्यापित करने से तीस (30) दिनों के भीतर आपके अनुरोध का उपयोग करेंगे।
बाहर निकलना आपको ऐसे विज्ञापनों को प्राप्त करने का चयन देता है जो आपके लिए लक्षित नहीं हैं और विज्ञापनों को प्रदर्शित करने के उद्देश्य से आपके द्वारा एकत्र किए गए डेटा को नियंत्रित करने के लिए नहीं है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि यदि आप बाहर निकलते हैं, तो भी आप Start.io नेटवर्क से विज्ञापन प्राप्त कर सकते हैं, लेकिन आपकी बाहर निकलने के चयन के अधीन, ऐसे विज्ञापन को हमारे द्वारा वैयक्तिकृत या लक्षित नहीं किया जाएगा।
आपकी पसंद
बाहर निकलने का प्रभाव
Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलना।
(i) हम आपके ADID को हटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करेंगे (जो सुनिश्चित करता है कि आपको व्यक्तिगत रूप से पहचाना नहीं जा सकता है); और/या (b) अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाएं – जैसा कि आगे भाग 15 (
डेटा प्रतिधारण
) में वर्णित है;
(ii) Start.io समाधान द्वारा प्रदान या समर्थित विज्ञापन आपके लिए अनुकूलित नहीं किया जाएगा और आपके लिए प्रासंगिक नहीं हो सकता है, जो Start.io समाधान के साथ आपके अनुभव को सीमित कर देगा;
(iii) हम आपके विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाने या आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करके इसे गैर-पहचानयोग्य बनाने के लिए कहेंगे।
“मेरी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को न बेचें” – एंड यूज़र्स के लिए जो CCPA के अधीन हैं
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को अपने ग्राहकों के साथ साझा नहीं करेंगे, जैसे कि: विज्ञापनदाता, DSPs और डेटा भागीदार। कृपया ध्यान दें कि हम आपके लिए विज्ञापनों की सेवा का समर्थन या इसे सक्षम कर सकते हैं जो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा का उपयोग नहीं करते हैं (यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल या व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के आधार पर आपको लक्षित या अनुकूलित नहीं किया गया है)।
हमारे साथ और हमारे विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ अपना स्थान साझा करना बंद करें
(i) हम इस नीति के भाग 3 में विस्तृत सभी साधनों में आपका स्थान एकत्र करना बंद कर देंगे;
(ii) हम आपके स्थान संबंधी डेटा को अज्ञात करेंगे;
(iii) हम अपने विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके स्थान डेटा को मिटाने के लिए कह सकते हैं या आपके स्थान डेटा को अज्ञात करके गैर-पहचानयोग्य करने के लिए कह सकते हैं।
हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपका डेटा साझा करना बंद करें; और/या
डेटा भागीदारों से बाहर निकलना
(i) हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके ADID को साझा नहीं करेंगे;
(iii) हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाने या आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करके इसे गैर-पहचानयोग्य बनाने के लिए कहेंगे।
कृपया ध्यान दें, हालाँकि, हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों और अन्य तृतीय पक्षों की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं। आपको हमारे डेटा भागीदारों की गोपनीयता नीतियों की समीक्षा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया जाता है जो यहाँ उपलब्ध हैं:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके डेटा को साझा करने का चयन रद्द करना पूरे Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने का गठन नहीं करता है। इसलिए, आपका डेटा अभी भी Start.io, विज्ञापनदाताओं और Start.io के व्यावसायिक भागीदारों के द्वारा संसाधित किया जा सकता है। आप ऊपर वर्णित अनुसार संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलना चुन सकते हैं।
आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर हमारी कुकी को रखने का चयन रद्द करना
हम आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर आपके लिए अनुकूलित विज्ञापनों का समर्थन, सक्षम करने या रखने के योग्य नहीं होंगे।
इसके अतिरिक्त, आप इसे नियंत्रित कर सकते हैं कि आपका ब्राउज़र आपके वेब ब्राउज़र की गोपनीयता और सुरक्षा सेटिंग्स को समायोजित करके कुकीज़ के लिए कैसे प्रतिक्रिया दे सकता है (जैसा कि ऊपर कुकी भाग में बताया गया है)।
हम ट्रैक न करें संकेतों के लिए प्रतिक्रिया नहीं देते हैं। ट्रैक न करें संकेतों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया देखें
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
उपरोक्त के अलावा, आप अपने मोबाइल डिवाइस पर सेटिंग्स को समायोजित करके हमारे और हमारे विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के लिए अपने मोबाइल डिवाइस पर विशेष डेटा के प्रकटीकरण को सीमित कर सकते हैं।
iOS मोबाइल डिवाइसेज़
के लिए, अपने डिवाइस की होम स्क्रीन से “सेटिंग्स” पर जाएं; “गोपनीयता” के लिए नीचे स्क्रॉल करें; “विज्ञापन” का चयन करें; और “विज्ञापन ट्रैकिंग को सीमित करें” को चालू करें;
एंड्राइड मोबाइल डिवाइसेज़ के लिए
, अपने डिवाइस पर “गूगल सेटिंग्स” पर जाएं; “विज्ञापन” का चयन करें; और “रुचि-आधारित विज्ञापनों को रद्द करें” लेबल वाले बॉक्स पर सही का निशान लगाएं।
कृपया अपनी व्यक्तिगत विज्ञापन प्राथमिकताओं के बारे में अधिक जानने के लिए अपनी डिवाइस विशिष्ट जानकारी को पढ़ें:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
आप
हमसे संपर्क
भी कर सकते हैं और हमें आपकी सहायता करने में खुशी होगी।
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण
आपके बाहर निकलने के अधिकारों (उपरोक्त भाग 12) के अतिरिक्त, आपको निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी अधिकार (या उनके समान) के साथ-साथ आपको दिए गए अन्य अधिकारों का प्रयोग करने का अधिकार है, जो आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन और उनके अनुसार है जो आपको ऐसे अधिकार प्रदान करते हैं (यदि कोई हो) (“
आपका(के) अधिकार
“)। आप हमें
dpo@start.io
या
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर अपने अधिकार(रों) का प्रयोग कर सकते हैं, जो उन अधिकारों के बारे में बताता है जिनका आप प्रयोग करना चाहते हैं (जैसे: “
सहमति निकासी
“) (“
अनुरोध
“)। हमें आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने सहित, आपके अनुरोध को संसाधित करने के लिए आपसे संवाद करना पड़ सकता है। हमें अनुरोध भेजकर आप इस बात से सहमत होते हैं कि हम उस उद्देश्य के लिए आपसे संवाद करेंगे।
आपका अधिकार
Start.io कार्यवाही
A1. सहमति वापिस लेना
यदि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संग्रह और प्रसंस्करण का वैध आधार आपकी सहमति है, तो आप हमें दी गई अपनी सहमति वापस ले सकते हैं (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)
(i) हम (a) आपका ADID हटाकर आपके डेटा को गुमनाम कर देंगे; या (b) आपका व्यक्तिगत डेटा हटा देंगे – जैसा कि भाग 15 (
डेटा प्रतिधारण
) में वर्णित है;
(iii) हम अपने विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके अनुरोध को साझा करेंगे, और उनको आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करने के लिए कहेंगे।
यदि हमें आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त होने के चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करनी है, तो हम आपसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं।
हम आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने (जैसा लागू हो) से तीस (30) दिनों के भीतर आपके अधिकार का प्रयोग करेंगे।
A2. आपत्ति का अधिकार
आप हमारे द्वारा अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा के प्रसंस्करण पर एतराज़ कर सकते हैं
A3. मिटाने का अधिकार
(भूल जाना)
Start.io नेटवर्क में हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या हमारे साथ साझा की गई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को मिटाने या हटाने का अनुरोध करने का अधिकार
B1. पहुंच करने का अधिकार /
B2. डेटा पोर्टेबिलिटी
Start.io नेटवर्क पर हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा की एक प्रति प्राप्त करने और/या इसे तीसरे पक्ष को स्थानांतरित करने का अधिकार
हम Start.io समाधान का उपयोग करने के दौरान आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए डेटा की एक प्रति आपके ईमेल पते पर भेजेंगे। आप एतद्द्वारा सहमत होते हैं और हमें आपको ऐसा ईमेल भेजने और आपके अनुरोध को संसाधित करने के लिए आपसे संवाद करने के लिए अधिकृत करते हैं, जिसमें आवश्यक होने पर, आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करना शामिल है।
हम आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने (जैसा लागू हो) के चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपके अधिकार का प्रयोग करेंगे।
अपने डेटा की एक प्रति प्राप्त होने के बाद, आप हमें उस डेटा में सुधार करने या उसे मिटाने के लिए कह सकते हैं (अर्थात इसे अनामित करना)।
उपरोक्त अधिकारों का प्रयोग करना उनके प्रयोग से पहले सहमति के आधार पर प्रसंस्करण की वैधता को प्रभावित नहीं करेगा। हम किसी भी लागू कानून के अधीन, उस जानकारी को संसाधित करना जारी रख सकते हैं जिसके लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता नहीं है। ध्यान दें कि, आपके अधिकार क्षेत्र में डेटा गोपनीयता और संबंधित कानून आपको आपके डेटा से संबंधित भिन्न या अतिरिक्त अधिकार प्रदान कर सकते हैं, जो लागू भी हो सकते हैं।
जहां हम आपके द्वारा अनुरोध किया गया डेटा आपको देने में सक्षम नहीं होते हैं, हम इसके लिए तर्क की व्याख्या करने का प्रयास करेंगे और पर्यवेक्षक प्राधिकरण से शिकायत करने के अधिकार सहित, आपके अधिकारों के बारे में आपको सूचित करेंगे।
जब हम आपके डेटा के प्रोसेसर की स्थिति में होते हैं, तो हम आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि किए बिना डेटा नियंत्रक से अनुरोध प्राप्त होने पर उपरोक्त अधिकारों का प्रयोग करेंगे। अन्य हालातों में, ऐसी मान्यता हमारे द्वारा आपके अधिकार(रों) का प्रयोग करने की एक शर्त हो सकती है।
Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने और/उपरोक्त A1-3 श्रेणियों के तहत किसी भी अधिकार का प्रयोग करने के बाद (i) हम अन्य संस्थाओं से आपसे संबंधित डेटा प्राप्त करना जारी रख सकते हैं जो Start.io समाधान या पूरे Start.io नेटवर्क का उपयोग करते हैं। बशर्ते कि हम हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा के आधार पर आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को विज्ञापन दिखाने के उद्देश्य से संसाधित करेंगे (यानी: केवल डेटा प्रोसेसर के रूप में हमारी क्षमता में); (ii) हम आपको ऐसे विज्ञापन दिखा सकते हैं जो आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल पर आधारित नहीं हैं या आपको लक्षित नहीं करते हैं; (iii) हम डेटा का प्रसंस्करण जारी रखेंगे जिसके लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता नहीं है; और (iv) यदि आप हमें अपनी सहमति देते हैं (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से, जैसा कि ऊपर बताया गया है), हम इस नीति के अनुसार आपके डेटा को संसाधित करेंगे, बशर्ते कि आपकी सहमति के बाद केवल हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किया या हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा का उपयोग उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा किया जाएगा।
डेटा सुरक्षा
Start.io के लिए आपकी गोपनीयता बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है और हम आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को अनधिकृत पहुंच, उपयोग या खुलासे से बचाने के लिए वचनबद्ध हैं। हमने लागू कानूनों और उद्योग मानकों का अनुपालन करने वाली सेवाओं के लिए भौतिक, तकनीकी और प्रशासनिक सुरक्षा उपायों को लागू किया है। हमारे सुरक्षा उपायों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया
यहां
क्लिक करें।
यद्यपि हम जानकारी की सुरक्षा के लिए उचित कदम उठाते हैं, जब तक कि लागू कानूनों द्वारा अन्यथा न कहा गया हो, हम उन लोगों के कामों के लिए जिम्मेदार नहीं हो सकते हैं जो हमारी सेवाओं का अनधिकृत उपयोग या दुरुपयोग करते हैं, और हम कोई वारंटी, व्यक्त, निहित या अन्यथा नहीं देते हैं, कि हम ऐसी पहुंच को रोकने में सक्षम होंगे।
डेटा प्रतिधारण
हम लागू कानूनों के अनुसार, और निम्नलिखित के अनुसार हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को बनाए रखते हैं:
भाग 12 (
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
) या 13 (
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण – श्रेणियों A1-3
) में वर्णित किसी भी मामले में हम (i) हमारे परिचालन डेटाबेस में संग्रहीत आपके ADID को मिटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात कर देंगे; और/या (ii) आपके बारे में वास्तव में एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को मिटा देंगे जिसके संग्रह और प्रक्रिया के लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता होती है;
हम (a) EU या UK में एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 12 महीनों; या (b) अन्य सभी एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 36 महीनों से अधिक के दौरान उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे। हम या तो अपने परिचालन डेटाबेस डेटा से मिटा देंगे, जिसकी आयु उपरोक्त अवधि से अधिक है
या
आपके ADID को हमारे परिचालन डेटाबेस से हटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात कर देंगे (और उसके बाद हम आपके बारे में उद्देश्य के लिए एकत्र किए गए और संसाधित किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा का उपयोग नहीं कर पाएंगे)।
बशर्ते कि
, जब हम आपके ADID और/या हमारे
परिचालन डेटाबेस
से आपके डेटा को मिटाते या अज्ञात करते हैं, तो यह हमारे प्लेटफ़ॉर्म तकनीकी डिज़ाइन की सीमा के कारण हमारे
संग्रह
से नहीं मिटेगा, जिससे आपके ADID वाले पूरे कोड को फिर से लिखना असंभव हो जाता है। हमने अपने प्लेटफ़ॉर्म को इस तरह से तैयार किया है कि आपका व्यक्तिगत डेटा, जो कि आपके Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने के अनुरोध (या समान अनुरोध) के बाद हमारे संग्रह में रह जाता है, उसे ऐसे अनुरोध के बाद संसाधित, उपयोग या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के साथ साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
आपके क्षेत्र के बाहर डेटा का स्थानांतरण
हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संग्रहीत या संसाधित कर सकते हैं। हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में स्थित तृतीय पक्ष के आपूर्तिकर्ताओं और डेटा प्रोसेसर्स के द्वारा आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को स्टोर या संसाधित कर सकते हैं।
यदि आप किसी ऐसे क्षेत्राधिकार के निवासी हैं जहां आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के स्थानांतरण के लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता है, तो इस गोपनीयता नीति के लिए आपकी सहमति में आपके डेटा के ऐसे स्थानांतरण के लिए आपकी स्पष्ट सहमति शामिल है।
यदि आप यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र (“
EEA
“) के निवासी हैं, तो हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए उचित कदम उठाएंगे कि आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को EEA के बाहर स्थानांतरित करने पर पर्याप्त स्तर की डेटा सुरक्षा प्राप्त हो।
EEA से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उन देशों को कोई भी स्थानांतरण, चाहे वह तीसरे पक्षों को हो या आंतरिक रूप से, जो डेटा सुरक्षा का पर्याप्त स्तर प्रदान नहीं करते हैं, सुरक्षा की रक्षा और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की गोपनीयता के लिए, यूरोपीय संघ (EU) मानक संविदात्मक खंड और/या समान डेटा स्थानांतरण नियमों द्वारा नियंत्रित होते हैं।
कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता – CCPA
इस नीति के प्रावधानों से विचलित हुए बिना, कृपया ध्यान दें कि:
Start.io द्वारा एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा की श्रेणियों को भाग 2, 3 और 4 में विस्तृत किया गया है;
डेटा का हमारा उपयोग (डेटा साझा करने सहित) भाग 7, 8 और 9 में विस्तृत किया गया है;
आपका बाहर निकलने का अधिकार और अन्य अधिकार भाग 12 और 13 में विस्तृत किए गए हैं।
नीति में परिवर्तन
यह नीति समय-समय पर हमारे द्वारा अपडेट की जा सकती है। महत्वपूर्ण परिवर्तन अपडेट के 30 दिनों में प्रभावी होंगे। अन्य परिवर्तन अपडेट के 7 दिनों में प्रभावी होंगे। यदि नीति को कानूनी आवश्यकताओं का अनुपालन करने के लिए संशोधित किया जाता है, तो संशोधन तुरंत प्रभावी हो जाएंगे। सबसे अद्यतित नीति और साथ ही इस नीति में कोई भी अद्यतन निम्नलिखित लिंक में प्रकाशित किया जाएगा और उपलब्ध होगा:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
। हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए आपको समय-समय पर नीति की समीक्षा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करते हैं कि आप समझते हैं कि हम Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए कैसे आपकी जानकारी एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा करते हैं।
हमारे साथ संपर्क करें
यदि आपके इस नीति के बारे में कोई सवाल या टिप्पणियाँ है, तो कृपया हमें यहां लिखें:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
आप हमारे साथ यहाँ ईमेल के जरिए भी संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
privacy@start.io
.
डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी
यदि आपके इस नीति के तहत एकत्र किए गए डेटा के संबंध में कोई अनुरोध है, जिसमें बिना किसी सीमा के, डेटा को हटाने, मिटाने, संशोधित करने, बदलने या स्थानांतरित करने के अनुरोध शामिल हैं, तो कृपया हमारे डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी के साथ यहाँ संपर्क करें:
dpo@start.io
।
कृपया हमारे साथ किसी भी पत्राचार में अपना नाम, पता और ईमेल पता शामिल करना सुनिश्चित करें ताकि हम समय पर आपकी पूछताछ का जवाब दे सकें।
आपकी सुविधा के लिए, इस नीति का अंग्रेजी से कई अन्य भाषाओं में अनुवाद किया जा सकता है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि आपके लिए उपलब्ध अनुवाद (यदि कोई हो) और अंग्रेजी संस्करण के बीच कोई भी भिन्नताओं या विसंगतियों में, अंग्रेजी संस्करण (यहां उपलब्ध है: लिंक:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) मान्य होगा।
अंतिम अद्यतन
: 23 अगस्त, 2021
Dasar Privasi Pengguna Akhir Start.io
Start.io Inc. dan Ahli Gabungannya (
sebelum ini: StartApp Inc.
; “
kami
,” “
kita
,” “
milik kami
” atau “
Start.io
”) menghormati privasi anda.
Dasar privasi ini (“
Dasar
”) menerangkan amalan privasi Start.io berkenaan dengan maklumat peribadi anda di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io, cara maklumat dan data peribadi anda dikumpul, digunakan dan dikongsi dan hak dan pilihan yang tersedia untuk anda berkenaan dengan data peribadi anda.
Siapakah kami?
Start.io ialah syarikat pengiklanan dan data mudah alih yang membangun, mengendalikan dan menyokong platform pengiklanan, penyelesaian dan rangkaian (“
Start.io Solution
”) untuk tujuan menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada individu ( “
Pengguna Akhir
”) berdasarkan profil mereka.
Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang Start.io, anda boleh melayari laman web kami di:
www.start.io
.
Pengenalan dengan Rangkaian Start.io
.
Start.io Solution mengumpul dan memproses data peribadi anda, lokasi dan data lain daripada beberapa sumber (seperti melalui Start.io SDK (kit pembangunan perisian) yang dibenamkan atau disepadukan dalam pelbagai aplikasi mudah alih, platform Start.io RTB (pembidaan masa nyata). digunakan untuk peletakan iklan pada masa nyata (RTB), platform sisi bekalan atau rakan kongsi, pengiklan dan penyedia data lain; bersama-sama: “
Sumber Data
”).
Start.io berkongsi atau menyediakan data sedemikian (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan pihak ketiga berikut (i) pengiklan yang menjalankan kempen mereka pada inventori Start.io (apl mudah alih yang terlibat secara langsung dengan Start.io atau secara tidak langsung melalui rangkaian atau platform pengiklanan lain ; “
Pengiklan
”); (ii) agensi pengiklanan dan rakan kongsi perniagaan lain, yang menjalankan kempen mereka pada inventori Start.io atau pada inventori bebas mereka, dan boleh menjadi “pemproses” atau “pengawal” data (bersama-sama: “
Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan
”); dan (iii) pihak ketiga yang menjalankan atau mengendalikan pangkalan data, penyelesaian atau platform mereka sendiri yang mungkin bertindak sebagai “pengawal” data dan mungkin menggunakan data anda bersama-sama dengan data lain yang mereka proses tentang anda (“
Rakan Kongsi Data[/b ]”).
“
Rangkaian Start.io
” bermaksud rangkaian pengiklanan Start.io yang merangkumi sumber Data di satu pihak dan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data sebaliknya, di mana data anda dikumpul, diproses, digunakan, disediakan dan dikongsi untuk Tujuan (seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah).
Tujuan Pemprosesan Data
.
Data anda dikumpul, diproses, digunakan dan dikongsi oleh Start.io
di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io
untuk
tujuan menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil anda
; walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat,
jika kami menamakan data anda, kami boleh menggunakannya untuk tujuan lain juga
(bersama-sama: “
Tujuan
”).
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama, ialah data yang tidak mengenal pasti anda secara peribadi dan tidak boleh dikenal pasti. Tanpa nama boleh dibuat dengan memadam, mencincang atau menyulitkan ID Pengiklanan anda (atau MAID), yang merupakan pengecam unik anda yang digunakan oleh kami untuk membezakan data anda daripada data pengguna lain, dan menjadikannya boleh dikenal pasti daripadanya.
Apabila kami berkongsi data anda dengan pihak ketiga (Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data) kami akan mewajibkan mereka secara kontrak untuk menggunakan data tersebut untuk Tujuan sahaja, selain jika mereka menyatakan bahawa mereka boleh menggunakannya untuk tujuan lain tertakluk pada persetujuan anda atau asas lain yang sah.
Berhenti Menerima Iklan; hubungi sokongan kami di
support@start.io
.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa bukan keputusan Start.io untuk memaparkan iklan dalam apl mudah alih yang anda gunakan, tetapi pembangun atau penerbit apl yang menggunakan perkhidmatan kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung). Walau bagaimanapun, kami percaya bahawa anda mendapat manfaat daripada apl ini, kerana dalam kebanyakan kes, memaparkan Iklan adalah penting untuk memastikan apl dan perkhidmatan penerbit percuma. Selain itu, apabila pembangun atau penerbit apl menggunakan perkhidmatan kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung)
Iklan yang diberikan kepada anda mungkin dioptimumkan dan/atau disesuaikan untuk anda, yang meningkatkan pengalaman anda dengan apl
.
Jika anda ingin berhenti menerima Iklan, anda harus menghubungi
pembangun
atau penerbit apl tersebut, yang butirannya boleh anda temui di
Google Play
atau
Apple App Store
, dan hantarkan permintaan anda kepadanya. Sebagai alternatif, anda boleh menukar tetapan telefon mudah alih anda (
IOS
/
Android
).
Anda boleh menghubungi kami di
support@start.io
dan kami akan melakukan yang terbaik untuk membantu anda.
Menarik diri
.
Anda mempunyai pilihan untuk menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io dan/atau daripada berkongsi data peribadi anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami,
dengan mengklik pilihan pilihan anda di bawah Seksyen 12 (
Tarik Hak Diri
) di bawah
.
Dengan menarik diri,
pengalaman anda dengan Iklan yang diberikan kepada anda dalam Rangkaian Start.io tidak akan dioptimumkan atau disesuaikan untuk anda.
Start.io mungkin pengawal atau pemproses data peribadi anda, memandangkan cara data dikumpulkan oleh atau melalui setiap Sumber Data dan penggunaannya oleh kami atau setiap Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami.
Anda dengan ini bersetuju untuk menggunakan: (a) cara elektronik untuk bersetuju dan melengkapkan Polisi ini dan untuk memberikan anda sebarang notis yang diberikan menurut Polisi ini; dan (b) rekod elektronik untuk menyimpan maklumat yang berkaitan dengan Polisi ini.
Dasar Privasi kami Sepintas lalu
Bahagian
Ringkasan
2
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan secara langsung atau tidak langsung daripada anda
Kami akan mengumpul, memproses, menggunakan dan berkongsi (menurut Dasar ini) data berikut jika tersedia kepada kami: ID Pengiklanan anda, alamat Protokol Internet, Lokasi, nama apl (tempat SDK kami dipasang), jantina dan umur (jika dikongsi dengan atau diandaikan oleh kami), data pertanyaan apl yang dipasang, sifat peranti, peranti berpasangan Bluetooth, penderia peranti, pembawa, ISP, butiran sambungan rangkaian dan data Wi-Fi, perayauan, zon waktu tempatan, tetapan bahasa, minat anda dan data tingkah laku yang diandaikan daripada kata kunci yang dikongsi dengan kami.
3
Pengumpulan Lokasi anda
Kami akan mengumpul, memproses dan menggunakan lokasi tepat anda (hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran kepada Apl tempat SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan). Lokasi tepat anda akan ditambahkan pada atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan tentang anda dan tidak dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga.
Kami akan menganggap lokasi anda jika anda disambungkan ke Wi-Fi dan/atau sel rangkaian mudah alih yang lokasi andaian diketahui oleh kami.
Negara, bandar dan wilayah anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami daripada IP anda atau Sumber Data lain.
4
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan daripada interaksi anda dengan Iklan atau daripada Pengiklan
Apabila anda berinteraksi dengan Iklan, atribusi dan ukuran pengiklanan akan dikongsi dengan kami. Kami mungkin menerima penggunaan dan/atau aktiviti selepas klik dalam apl mudah alih yang dibawa oleh Iklan kepada apl atau perkhidmatan apl ini.
5
Pengumpulan Maklumat Sensitif
Start.io tidak memerlukan mahupun secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta sebarang Maklumat Sensitif daripada atau Pengguna Akhir.
6
Privasi Kanak-kanak
Start.io tidak secara sengaja atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta maklumat peribadi daripada kanak-kanak (seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan).
7
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Iklan yang diperibadikan dan disasarkan
Kami akan menggunakan (termasuk: menjual, melesenkan atau berkongsi) maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk Tujuan, iaitu: menyiarkan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil dan aktiviti anda.
8
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk tujuan lain
Kami akan menggunakan maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk tujuan lain juga, seperti: menambah baik Start.io Solution, membangunkan kemas kini perkhidmatan baharu atau menaik taraf perkhidmatan sedia ada; mengendalikan, menyelenggara, melindungi dan mengurus Start.io Solution; mengaudit dan mengesan statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik; mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution; menguatkuasakan Polisi ini dan mencegah aktiviti yang menyalahi undang-undang; dan mematuhi mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai.
9
Berkongsi Data dengan pihak ketiga
Kami mungkin berkongsi data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan
Pengiklan, rangkaian pengiklanan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data; rakan kongsi atribusi; pihak berkuasa yang berwibawa; entiti kumpulan korporat gabungan kami; dan sekiranya berlaku penggabungan, penjualan atau pemindahan semua atau sebahagian daripada aset atau saham kami atau penyusunan semula atau pembinaan semula lain dalam perniagaan kami yang sedang berjalan.
10
Kuki dan Pengumpulan Data oleh Pihak Ketiga
Jika anda membuka halaman web mudah alih daripada Apl di mana SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, kami mungkin meletakkan kuki pada penyemak imbas mudah alih peranti anda dengan ID Pengiklanan anda yang akan digunakan oleh kami untuk Tujuan tersebut.
11
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama boleh dikumpul, diproses dan digunakan oleh kami dalam apa jua cara.
12
Hak Menarik Diri (dan “Jangan Jual Maklumat Peribadi Saya” untuk pengguna akhir California)
Anda boleh menarik diri dengan mudah daripada pengumpulan data tertentu, proses perkongsian dan pengiklanan disasarkan yang berkaitan dengan Rangkaian Start.io, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
privacy@start.io
, dan menghuraikan perkhidmatan yang anda pilih untuk tidak ikut serta.
Selain itu, pengguna akhir California boleh menghubungi 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (kod perkhidmatan: 234) untuk menarik diri.
13
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda
Anda mempunyai hak untuk melaksanakan mana-mana hak berikut, tertakluk kepada dan menurut undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami kepada
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, yang menghuraikan hak yang anda ingin laksanakan: menarik balik kebenaran; objek, pemadaman (dilupakan), akses data anda, mudah alih data.
14
Keselamatan Data
Kami telah melaksanakan langkah keselamatan fizikal, teknikal dan pentadbiran untuk Perkhidmatan yang mematuhi undang-undang dan piawaian industri yang berkenaan.
15
Pengekalan Data
Kami mengekalkan data peribadi yang kami kumpulkan, mengikut dan mematuhi undang-undang yang terpakai, tetapi dalam apa jua keadaan, kami tidak akan menggunakan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan selama lebih daripada (a) 12 bulan untuk Pengguna Akhir di EU atau UK; atau (b) 36 bulan untuk semua Pengguna Akhir yang lain.
16
Pemindahan data ke luar wilayah anda
Kami mungkin menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain. Tertakluk kepada undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda, persetujuan anda kepada Dasar Privasi ini termasuk persetujuan nyata anda untuk pemindahan data anda tersebut.
17
Pengguna Akhir California – CCPA
Maklumat am untuk pengguna akhir yang tertakluk kepada CCPA.
18
Pertukaran kepada Dasar
Polisi ini mungkin kami kemas kini dari semasa ke semasa. Dasar yang paling terkini serta apa-apa yang dikemas kini kepada Dasar ini akan diterbitkan dan akan tersedia dalam pautan berikut:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
.
19
Hubungi Kami
Anda juga boleh menghubungi kami melalui e-mel di:
support@start.io
.
20
Pegawai Perlindungan Data
Anda boleh menghubungi Pegawai Perlindungan Data kami di:
dpo@start.io
.
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan secara langsung atau tidak langsung daripada Sumber Data kami
Kami akan mengumpul dan memproses data berikut (atau sebahagian daripadanya – mengambil kira teknologi atau penyepaduan yang digunakan, data yang tersedia untuk kami dan kebenaran lain), jika anda memuat turun Apl, yang SDK Start.io kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, dan /atau jika data anda dikongsi dengan kami, apabila kami disepadukan dengan atau disambungkan ke rangkaian pengiklanan, agensi atau platform lain (seperti RTB):
Pengecam dalam talian: ID Pengiklanan (IDFA dan/atau IDFV untuk peranti iOS dan ADID untuk peranti Android) (“
ADID
”).
Alamat Internet Protocol (“
IP
”).
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa, walaupun alamat ADID dan IP dianggap sebagai data yang boleh dikenal pasti secara peribadi dalam banyak bidang kuasa (seperti EEA), terdapat beberapa bidang kuasa di mana data tersebut tidak dianggap sebagai Data Peribadi.
Lokasi – seperti yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 3 di bawah.
Nama Apl (tempat SDK dipasang) dan kategorinya; untuk bukan SDK: nama aplikasi mudah alih yang anda gunakan untuk berinteraksi dengan Rangkaian Start.io.
Jantina dan umur (sama ada sebagai kesimpulan yang dibuat oleh kami atau dikongsi dengan kami oleh Sumber Data lain)
Data pertanyaan yang menanyakan sama ada apl tertentu telah dipasang dalam peranti mudah alih anda (perwakilan cincang sehala).
Data umum lain: sifat peranti (sistem pengendalian, versi sistem pengendalian dan jenis peranti), peranti berpasangan Bluetooth, penderia peranti (seperti pecutan), pembawa anda, ISP, butiran sambungan rangkaian dan data Wi-Fi, perayauan, zon waktu tempatan, tetapan bahasa.
Start.io SDK
ialah sekeping perisian yang disepadukan ke dalam atau dibenamkan dalam apl mudah alih yang membolehkan pembangun, pemilik atau pengendali apl ini memberikan anda serta pengguna akhir yang lain dengan Iklan yang diperibadikan.
“
Iklan
” atau “
Pengiklanan
” bermaksud apa-apa jenis bahan pengiklanan, termasuk teks, imej, video, iklan, kandungan, foto, bunyi, grafik, muzik, logo dan sebarang bahan atau kandungan
lain
yang mempromosikan barangan dan perkhidmatan atau aplikasi mudah alih, perisian, dsb., yang disediakan, didayakan, disokong atau dipermudahkan oleh Rangkaian Start.io.
“
RTB
” bermaksud platform atau penyelesaian “pembidaan masa nyata” yang mana inventori pengiklanan dibeli dan dijual berdasarkan setiap tera, melalui lelongan segera terprogram, yang berdasarkan, dalam kebanyakan kes, pada data pengguna yang dikongsi dengan pembida (pengiklan atau rangkaian pengiklanan, seperti Start.io). Pengiklan yang memenangi bidaan memaparkan iklannya kepada pengguna tersebut pada inventori pembidaan.
Pengumpulan lokasi anda
Lokasi anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami melalui mana-mana keadaan berikut (bersama-sama: “
Lokasi
” anda):
Kami mungkin mengumpul lokasi tepat anda, melalui telefon mudah alih anda, hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran dan persetujuan untuk berkongsi lokasi anda dengan Apl, yang SDK Start.io dipasang atau dibenamkan. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak mengumpul lokasi masa nyata tetapi lokasi terakhir anda yang diketahui yang tersedia untuk SDK kami. Lokasi tepat anda akan ditambahkan pada atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan tentang anda dan tidak dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga.
Kami mungkin menganggap lokasi anda, jika anda disambungkan ke Wi-Fi yang lokasi andaian diketahui oleh kami.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak akan dapat mengumpul lokasi anda mengikut subseksyen (a) dan (b) di atas jika anda membatalkan kebenaran yang anda berikan kepada Apl (yang merupakan SDK dipasang atau dibenamkan dalam) untuk mengambil lokasi.
Kami mungkin menganggap lokasi anda dengan mengumpul data berkenaan dengan sel rangkaian mudah alih yang anda sambungkan, jika lokasi sel tersebut diketahui oleh kami.
Negara, bandar dan wilayah anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami daripada IP anda yang dikumpul oleh SDK atau Sumber Data lain atau daripada data lain yang dikongsi dengan kami oleh pihak ketiga (contohnya melalui penyepaduan RTB).
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan melumpuhkan kebenaran geolokasi anda kepada Apl (melalui sistem pengendalian peranti mudah alih), lokasi anda masih boleh diandaikan dan/atau dikumpulkan oleh kami daripada sumber lain yang tersedia yang diperincikan dalam sub-bahagian (b), (c) dan (d).
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada perkhidmatan berasaskan lokasi pada bila-bila masa dengan menyunting tetapan peranti anda. Selain itu, anda boleh menarik diri daripada berkongsi lokasi anda dengan kami oleh
semua sumber
, seperti yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 12
(
Hak Menarik Diri
) di bawah
.
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan daripada interaksi anda dengan Iklan atau daripada Pengiklan
Apabila anda berinteraksi dengan Iklan yang disediakan, disokong atau didayakan oleh kami, atribusi dan pengukuran pengiklanan akan dikongsi dengan kami oleh perkhidmatan pihak ketiga (dikenali sebagai “rakan kongsi atribusi”). Kami akan menggunakan data ini untuk had kekerapan (cth.: jika dan bila untuk membentangkan anda Iklan yang serupa) dan atribusi dan pengukuran pengiklanan.
Di samping itu, penerbit apl mudah alih, pembangun dan/atau pemilik, yang dibawa oleh Iklan kepada apl mudah alih mereka (termasuk insentif pemasangan apl mudah alih) dan/atau perkhidmatan boleh berkongsi dengan kami penggunaan klik siaran anda dan/atau aktiviti dalam apl mudah alih mereka atau perkhidmatan berikutan interaksi anda dengan Iklan. Penggunaan dan/atau aktiviti sedemikian mungkin termasuk pembelian yang anda buat (termasuk jumlah), langganan yang anda beli dan tahap kemajuan (dalam permainan). Maklumat ini akan digunakan oleh kami untuk mengoptimumkan kempen pengiklanan masa hadapan bagi penerbit, pembangun dan/atau pemilik apl mudah alih ini melalui Rangkaian Start.io, serta untuk Tujuan yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 8 di bawah.
Pengumpulan Maklumat Sensitif
Start.io tidak memerlukan mahupun secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta sebarang Maklumat Sensitif daripada atau Pengguna Akhir.
Istilah “Maklumat Sensitif” hendaklah mempunyai maksud seperti yang ditakrifkan dalam bidang kuasa, yang undang-undang privasinya terpakai kepada anda.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa, takrif istilah “Maklumat Sensitif” mungkin berbeza dengan ketara dalam bidang kuasa yang berbeza. Dalam sesetengah bidang kuasa, maklumat sensitif mungkin termasuk: asal usul kaum, etnik atau kaum; gabungan atau pendapat politik; kepercayaan agama atau falsafah atau kepercayaan lain yang serupa; urusan intim atau kehidupan seksual; data kewangan, data kelayakan kredit, akaun kewangan, nombor kad pembayaran; rekod jenayah; parti politik atau keahlian kesatuan sekerja; dan kesihatan atau keadaan fizikal atau mental, insurans kesihatan, data perubatan dan/atau biometrik.
Jika anda menyedari atau mempunyai sebarang sebab untuk mempercayai bahawa anda diminta untuk memberikan Maklumat Sensitif anda, atau Rangkaian Start.io memproses maklumat anda yang dianggap sebagai Maklumat Sensitif, menurut undang-undang privasi yang dikenakan kepada anda, sila hubungi kami di
privacy@start.io
dan kami akan mengambil langkah untuk memastikan bahawa Maklumat Sensitif tersebut akan dipadamkan serta-merta daripada fail kami.
Privasi Kanak-kanak
Start.io mematuhi undang-undang berkenaan yang berkaitan dengan perlindungan privasi kanak-kanak, termasuk Akta Perlindungan Privasi Dalam Talian Kanak-kanak AS (“
COPPA
”). Oleh itu, kami tidak secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta maklumat peribadi daripada kanak-kanak, seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai, dan secara khusus: di bawah umur 13 tahun, jika mereka berada di AS selain California, atau di bawah umur. berumur 16 tahun, jika mereka berada di EU atau California (secara kolektif: “
Budak
” atau “
Kanak-kanak
”), kecuali yang dibenarkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Jika kami memperoleh pengetahuan sebenar bahawa Pengguna Akhir dianggap sebagai kanak-kanak di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai, dan kami memproses maklumat peribadi berkenaan dengan Pengguna Akhir tersebut (selain yang dibenarkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan), kami akan mengambil langkah segera untuk memadamkan maklumat peribadinya. Di samping itu, kami meminta Kanak-kanak tidak akan memberikan kami sebarang maklumat peribadi secara sukarela melalui Rangkaian Start.io.
Jika anda menyedari atau mempunyai sebarang sebab untuk mempercayai bahawa Kanak-kanak telah berkongsi sebarang Maklumat Peribadi dengan kami, sila hubungi kami di
privacy@start.io
dan kami akan mengambil langkah untuk memastikan maklumat peribadi tersebut dipadamkan serta-merta daripada fail kami, setakat yang diperlukan di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai.
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Iklan yang diperibadikan dan disasarkan
Kami akan menggunakan (termasuk: menjual, melesenkan atau berkongsi) maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk Tujuan, iaitu: menyiarkan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil dan aktiviti anda.
Profil anda ialah keluaran kebarangkalian analisis, andaian dan kesimpulan kami berkenaan dengan tingkah laku, minat dan niat anda, berdasarkan maklumat yang kami kumpulkan atau kongsikan dengan kami daripada semua Sumber Data, seperti yang diperincikan di atas, dan disatukan oleh kami kepada satu pangkalan data tentang anda.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa Iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan mungkin disampaikan kepada anda oleh kami pada inventori kami dan/atau oleh Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami, yang mana kami berkongsi data anda dengannya.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa sebaik sahaja kami berkongsi data anda dengan pihak ketiga, data tersebut tertakluk kepada amalan privasi pihak ketiga tersebut.
Walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat, lokasi tepat anda dan data pertanyaan yang menanyakan sama ada apl tertentu telah dipasang dalam peranti mudah alih anda tidak akan dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga tetapi ditambah atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan dan mungkin dikongsi sebagai sebahagian daripada profil anda.
Senarai Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data yang meminta kami menyediakan dasar privasi mereka untuk anda tersedia di:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi: asas undang-undang untuk memproses maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan adalah persetujuan anda, yang mungkin anda berikan secara langsung kepada kami atau secara tidak langsung melalui pihak ketiga (seperti melalui isyarat atau isyarat RTB). Persetujuan anda kepada kami mungkin umum (untuk semua data yang kami kumpul, proses penggunaan dan/atau kongsi) atau berkenaan dengan data khusus yang dikongsi dengan kami dalam peristiwa tertentu (seperti data yang dikongsi bersama dengan isyarat atau isyarat RTB). Kami akan mematuhi skop persetujuan anda yang diberikan atau dikongsi dengan kami.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa apabila data tertentu dikongsi dengan kami oleh pihak ketiga dengan isyarat “tiada persetujuan” (atau isyarat yang setara), ia tidak menjejaskan persetujuan anda kepada kami secara umum atau melalui isyarat lain (dengan isyarat “persetujuan”), kami juga tidak dianggap sebagai melaksanakan hak anda di bawah seksyen 12 (Hak Menarik Diri) atau seksyen 13 (Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda), yang perlu dilaksanakan seperti yang diperincikan di sini.
Sila rujuk bahagian 12 (Hak Menarik Diri) dan bahagian 13 (Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda) di bawah untuk memilih keluar daripada Rangkaian Start.io atau menggunakan hak lain yang diberikan kepada anda mengikut mana-mana undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Penggunaan maklumat anda untuk tujuan lain
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan dan yang dikongsi dengan kami akan digunakan untuk tujuan tambahan berikut:
Untuk menambah baik Start.io Solution, bangunkan kemas kini perkhidmatan baharu atau tingkatkan perkhidmatan sedia ada dan untuk meningkatkan pengalaman anda dengan Start.io Solution.
Untuk mengendalikan, menyelenggara, melindungi dan mengurus Penyelesaian Start.io, dan untuk mengurus aspek pentadbiran dan operasi lain Penyelesaian Start.io kami.
Untuk mengaudit dan menjejaki statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik, dan mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution.
Untuk melindungi hak atau harta Start.io atau pihak ketiga.
Untuk menguatkuasakan Polisi ini dan mencegah aktiviti yang menyalahi undang-undang dan penyalahgunaan Start.io Solution.
untuk menubuhkan atau menggunakan hak kami untuk mempertahankan terhadap tuntutan undang-undang.
untuk mengelakkan kemudaratan kepada hak, harta atau keselamatan kami, pengguna kami, diri anda atau mana-mana pihak ketiga atau untuk tujuan bekerjasama dengan agensi penguatkuasa undang-undang atau sekiranya kami mendapati ia perlu untuk menguatkuasakan harta intelek atau hak undang-undang lain.
Untuk mematuhi mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai dan membantu agensi penguatkuasaan undang-undang apabila kami mempunyai kepercayaan yang baik bahawa kerjasama kami dengan mereka memenuhi piawaian undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Untuk mengambil sebarang tindakan dalam sebarang kes pertikaian yang melibatkan anda berkenaan dengan Start.io Solution.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi, penggunaan data anda untuk tujuan di atas adalah berdasarkan kepentingan sah kami untuk: (i) mengendalikan, menyediakan, menyelenggara, melindungi, mengurus, menyesuaikan dan menambah baik Start.io Solution (ADID anda tidak diperlukan untuk melakukan tindakan ini); (ii) mengaudit dan menjejaki statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik, mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution dan mengira pembayaran (maklumat peribadi anda tidak diperlukan untuk melakukan tindakan ini); dan (iii) melindungi hak atau harta Start.io atau pihak ketiga.
Berkongsi Data dengan pihak ketiga
Kami mungkin berkongsi data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) mengikut perkara berikut:
Kami akan berkongsi, melesenkan, menjual, memindahkan atau menyediakan data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan Pengiklan, rangkaian pengiklanan, Rakan Niaga dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami yang mungkin menggunakannya semasa menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan/atau diperibadikan kepada anda, seperti yang terperinci dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
) di atas, dan menurut persetujuan anda seperti yang diperincikan di sana.
Kami akan berkongsi ADID yang dikumpul oleh kami, dengan rakan kongsi atribusi untuk tujuan pengukuran dan atribusi Pengiklanan, yang digunakan untuk mengira pembayaran, mengesan trafik tidak sah (penipuan), isu keselamatan atau teknikal yang berkaitan dengan Penyelesaian Start.io.
Jika anda telah melanggar terma atau Polisi ini, menyalahgunakan hak anda untuk menggunakan Apl, atau melanggar mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai, atau dalam mana-mana kes pertikaian lain, atau sebarang bentuk prosiding undang-undang yang melibatkan anda berkenaan dengan Apl, maklumat anda mungkin dikongsi dengan pihak berkuasa yang berwibawa dan dengan mana-mana pihak ketiga, seperti yang diperlukan.
Kami mungkin berkongsi maklumat yang kami kumpul atau peroleh melalui Aplikasi dengan pihak berkuasa, entiti atau orang yang berkaitan jika kami dikehendaki oleh undang-undang untuk berkongsi atau mendedahkan maklumat anda.
Maklumat peribadi yang boleh dikenal pasti boleh dikongsi dengan, atau dipindahkan kepada, entiti kumpulan korporat gabungan kami (entiti yang dikawal oleh, di bawah kawalan bersama, atau mengawal kami, secara langsung atau tidak langsung; “
Ahli Gabungan
”), tetapi penggunaannya maklumat tersebut mesti mematuhi Polisi ini.
Selepas kebankrapan, pembubaran atau peristiwa pembubaran atau insolvensi lain atau sekiranya berlaku penggabungan, penjualan atau pemindahan semua atau sebahagian daripada aset atau saham kami atau penyusunan semula atau pembinaan semula lain dalam perniagaan kami yang sedang berjalan, maklumat yang kami terima, kumpulkan atau perolehi, seperti yang digariskan dalam bahagian sebelumnya, boleh dikongsi dengan atau dipindahkan kepada, entiti masing-masing setakat yang sangat diperlukan untuk penyediaan perkhidmatan yang berterusan, dengan syarat ia akan berjanji untuk terikat dengan peruntukan Polisi ini, dengan perubahan yang sewajarnya perlu diambil ke dalam pertimbangan. Selepas pemindahan atau perkongsian maklumat sedemikian, entiti tersebut akan memikul tanggungjawab sepenuhnya dan eksklusif untuk semua penggunaan dan pemprosesan seterusnya yang dibuatnya terhadap maklumat tersebut dan kami akan dilepaskan daripada sebarang liabiliti kepada anda, berkenaan dengan yang seterusnya.
penggunaan dan pemprosesan maklumat oleh entiti itu.
Dalam sebarang kes selain daripada yang dinyatakan di atas dalam Polisi ini, maklumat peribadi anda yang boleh dikenal pasti akan dikongsi dengan orang lain hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran anda, seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
) di atas.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi, perkongsian data anda menurut subseksyen (a) adalah berdasarkan persetujuan anda, seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
), dan untuk subseksyen lain adalah berdasarkan kepentingan sah kami.
Kuki dan Pengumpulan Data oleh Pihak Ketiga
Jika anda membuka halaman web mudah alih daripada Apl di mana SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, kami mungkin meletakkan kuki pada penyemak imbas mudah alih peranti anda dengan ID Pengiklanan anda yang akan digunakan oleh kami untuk Tujuan (menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda pada itu. penyemak imbas mudah alih) (“
Kuki
“). Apabila menjalankan kempen pengiklanan, dengan syarat, didayakan atau disokong oleh kami pada pelayar mudah alih anda, Kuki akan membolehkan kami mengenal pasti anda sebagai pengguna pelayar mudah alih dan memperibadikan anda dengan sewajarnya.
Kebanyakan penyemak imbas akan membenarkan anda memadamkan kuki daripada peranti anda, menyekat penerimaan kuki atau menerima amaran sebelum kuki disimpan. Walau bagaimanapun, jika anda menyekat atau memadam kuki pengalaman anda mungkin terhad. Untuk mendapatkan maklumat lanjut tentang kuki dan kawalan anda dalam hal ini, anda boleh menyemak pautan berikut:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/welcome/web
(Safari); dan
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama
Kami mungkin mengumpul, memproses dan menggunakan data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama, yang tidak mengenal pasti anda secara peribadi (yang termasuk data peribadi yang tanpa nama). Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama tersebut boleh dikumpul, diproses dan digunakan oleh kami dalam apa jua cara, termasuk dengan menyiarkan, menyebarkan, menghantar, berkongsi atau sebaliknya berkomunikasi atau menyediakannya kepada pihak ketiga.
Contohnya: (i) kami mungkin menggunakan data anda, selepas memadamkan ADID anda, untuk tujuan penyelidikan pasaran; dan (ii) SDK Start.io termasuk Kit Pembangunan Perisian Pengukuran Terbuka oleh IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) untuk tujuan mengesahkan bahawa iklan sebenarnya telah dilihat. Kami tidak berkongsi sebarang data peribadi dengan IAB atau melalui OM SDK.
Hak Menarik Diri
Anda boleh menarik diri dengan mudah daripada pengumpulan data tertentu, proses perkongsian dan pengiklanan disasarkan yang berkaitan dengan Rangkaian Start.io, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
privacy@start.io
, dan menghuraikan perkhidmatan yang anda pilih untuk tidak ikut serta.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami mungkin perlu menghubungi anda, jika kami perlu mengesahkan identiti anda, dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima permohonan anda kepada kami. Anda dengan ini bersetuju bahawa kami akan menggunakan e-mel anda untuk tujuan itu.
Kami akan melaksanakan permintaan anda dalam masa tiga puluh (30) hari dari menerimanya atau mengesahkan identiti anda (seperti yang berkenaan).
Menarik diri memberi anda pilihan untuk menerima iklan yang tidak disasarkan kepada anda dan untuk mengawal data yang dikumpul pada anda untuk tujuan memaparkan Iklan. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa walaupun anda menarik diri, anda masih boleh menerima Iklan daripada Rangkaian Start.io, tetapi tertakluk kepada pilihan keluar anda, Pengiklanan tersebut tidak akan diperibadikan atau disasarkan oleh kami.
Pilihan Anda
Kesan menarik diri
Tarik diri dari Rangkaian Start.io.
(i) kami akan (a) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda (yang memastikan anda tidak dapat dikenal pasti secara peribadi); dan/atau (b) padamkan data peribadi anda – seperti yang diterangkan selanjutnya dalam Bahagian 15 (
Pengekalan Data
);
(ii) Iklan yang disediakan atau disokong oleh Start.io Solution tidak akan disesuaikan dengan anda dan mungkin tidak berkaitan dengan anda, yang akan mengehadkan pengalaman anda dengan Start.io Solution;
(iii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami, dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data peribadi anda atau menjadikan data anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti tanpa nama.
“Jangan Jual Maklumat Peribadi Saya” – untuk pengguna akhir yang tertakluk kepada CCPA
kami tidak akan berkongsi maklumat peribadi anda dengan pelanggan kami, seperti: pengiklan, DSP dan Rakan Kongsi Data. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami mungkin terus menyokong atau membolehkan penyajian iklan kepada anda yang tidak menggunakan data peribadi anda (iaitu: tidak disasarkan atau disesuaikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil atau maklumat peribadi anda).
Berhenti berkongsi lokasi anda dengan kami dan dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami
(i) kami akan berhenti mengumpul lokasi anda dalam semua cara yang diperincikan dalam Seksyen 3 Polisi ini;
(ii) kami akan menamakan data Lokasi anda;
(iii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data lokasi anda atau menjadikan data lokasi anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti dengan menamakannya.
Berhenti berkongsi data anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami; dan/atau
Menarik diri daripada Rakan Kongsi Data
(i) kami tidak akan berkongsi ADID anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami;
(ii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data peribadi anda atau menjadikan data anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti dengan menamakannya tanpa nama.
Walau bagaimanapun, sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak bertanggungjawab terhadap amalan privasi Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan pihak ketiga yang lain. Anda digalakkan untuk menyemak dasar privasi Rakan Kongsi Data kami yang tersedia di:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Menarik diri daripada berkongsi data anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami tidak bermaksud menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io. Oleh itu, data anda mungkin masih diproses oleh Start.io, Pengiklan dan Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan Start.io. Anda boleh memilih untuk menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io, seperti yang diterangkan di atas.
Tarik diri daripada meletakkan kuki kami pada pelayar mudah alih anda
Kami tidak akan dapat menyokong, mendayakan atau meletakkan Iklan yang disesuaikan untuk anda pada pelayar mudah alih anda.
Selain itu, anda boleh mengawal cara pelayar anda bertindak balas terhadap kuki dengan melaraskan tetapan privasi dan keselamatan pelayar web anda (seperti yang diperincikan dalam bahagian Kuki di atas).
Kami tidak bertindak balas kepada isyarat Jangan Jejak. Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang isyarat Jangan Kesan, sila lihat
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Sebagai tambahan kepada perkara di atas, anda boleh mengehadkan pendedahan data tertentu oleh peranti mudah alih anda kepada kami dan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dengan melaraskan tetapan pada peranti mudah alih anda.
Untuk Peranti mudah alih iOS
, pergi ke “Tetapan” daripada skrin utama Peranti anda; tatal ke bawah ke “Privasi”; pilih “Pengiklanan”; dan hidupkan “Hadkan Penjejakan Iklan.”;
Untuk Peranti mudah alih Android
, pergi ke “Tetapan Google” pada Peranti anda; pilih “Iklan”; dan tandai kotak berlabel “Tarik Diri daripada Iklan Berdasarkan Minat”.
Sila baca maklumat khusus peranti anda untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut tentang pilihan pengiklanan peribadi anda:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
Anda juga boleh
Hubungi Kami
dan kami sedia membantu anda.
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda
Sebagai tambahan kepada Hak Pilih Keluar anda (Seksyen 12 di atas), anda mempunyai hak untuk melaksanakan mana-mana hak berikut (atau yang setara), serta hak lain yang diberikan kepada anda, tertakluk kepada dan mengikut undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda yang memberikan anda hak tersebut (jika ada) (“
Hak anda
”). Anda boleh menggunakan Hak anda dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
dpo@start.io
atau
privacy@start.io
, yang menghuraikan Hak yang anda ingin laksanakan (seperti: “
Tarik Balik Persetujuan
”) (suatu “
Permintaan
”). Kami mungkin perlu berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk memproses Permintaan anda, termasuk untuk mengesahkan identiti anda. Dengan menghantar Permintaan kepada kami, anda dengan ini bersetuju bahawa kami akan berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk tujuan itu.
Hak Anda
Tindakan Start.io
A1. Tarik Balik Persetujuan
jika asas yang sah untuk pengumpulan dan pemprosesan maklumat peribadi anda adalah persetujuan anda, anda boleh menarik balik kebenaran anda yang diberikan kepada kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung)
(i) kami akan (a) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda; atau (b) padamkan data peribadi anda – seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 15 (
Pengekalan Data
);
(iii) kami akan berkongsi permintaan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka menyamakan data anda
Kami mungkin menghubungi anda, jika kami perlu mengesahkan identiti anda, dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda.
Kami akan melaksanakan Hak anda dalam masa tiga puluh (30) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda atau mengesahkan identiti anda (seperti yang berkenaan).
A2. Hak untuk membantah
anda boleh membantah pemprosesan data peribadi anda oleh kami
A3. Hak untuk memadam
(untuk dilupakan)
Hak untuk meminta kami memadam atau membuang maklumat peribadi yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io
B1. Hak untuk mengakses /
B2. mudah alih data
Hak untuk menerima salinan data yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io dan/atau memindahkannya kepada pihak ketiga
Kami akan menghantar ke alamat e-mel anda salinan data yang dikumpul tentang anda semasa menggunakan Start.io Solution. Anda dengan ini bersetuju dan memberi kuasa kepada kami untuk menghantar e-mel tersebut kepada anda dan berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk memproses Permintaan anda, termasuk untuk mengesahkan identiti anda, jika perlu.
Kami akan menggunakan Hak anda dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda atau mengesahkan identiti anda (mengikut mana yang berkenaan).
Selepas menerima salinan data anda, anda boleh meminta kami untuk membetulkan atau memadam data tersebut (iaitu menyamakannya).
Pelaksanaan Hak di atas tidak akan menjejaskan kesahihan pemprosesan berdasarkan persetujuan sebelum ia dilaksanakan. Kami mungkin terus memproses maklumat yang tidak diperlukan persetujuan anda, tertakluk kepada mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai. Ambil perhatian bahawa, privasi data dan undang-undang berkaitan dalam bidang kuasa anda mungkin memberi anda hak berbeza atau tambahan yang berkaitan dengan data anda, yang mungkin juga terpakai.
Apabila kami tidak dapat memberikan anda data yang anda minta, kami akan berusaha untuk menjelaskan alasan untuk perkara ini dan memberitahu anda tentang hak anda, termasuk hak untuk mengadu kepada pihak berkuasa penyelia.
Apabila kami berada dalam kedudukan pemproses data anda, kami akan menggunakan hak di atas jika kami menerima permintaan daripada pengawal data tanpa mengesahkan identiti anda. Dalam keadaan lain, pengesahan sedemikian mungkin menjadi syarat untuk melaksanakan Hak anda oleh kami.
Selepas memilih keluar daripada Rangkaian Start.io dan/menjalankan mana-mana hak di bawah kategori A1-3 di atas (i) kami mungkin terus menerima data tentang anda daripada entiti lain yang menggunakan Penyelesaian Start.io atau di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io. Walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat kami akan memproses data peribadi anda untuk tujuan menyiarkan iklan berdasarkan data yang dikongsi dengan kami (iaitu: dalam kapasiti kami sebagai pemproses data sahaja); (ii) kami mungkin menyampaikan kepada anda Iklan yang tidak berdasarkan profil anda atau tidak disasarkan kepada anda; (iii) kami akan meneruskan pemprosesan data yang tidak memerlukan persetujuan anda; dan (iv) jika anda memberi kami persetujuan semula anda (secara langsung atau tidak langsung, seperti yang dinyatakan di atas), kami akan memproses data anda menurut Polisi ini, dengan syarat hanya data yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami selepas persetujuan semula anda akan digunakan oleh kami untuk tujuan.
Keselamatan Data
Privasi anda adalah sangat penting untuk Start.io dan kami komited untuk melindungi Data Peribadi anda daripada akses, penggunaan atau pendedahan yang tidak dibenarkan. Kami telah melaksanakan langkah keselamatan fizikal, teknikal dan pentadbiran untuk Perkhidmatan yang mematuhi undang-undang dan piawaian industri yang berkenaan. Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang langkah keselamatan kami, sila klik
sini
.
Walaupun kami mengambil langkah yang munasabah untuk melindungi maklumat, melainkan dinyatakan sebaliknya oleh undang-undang yang terpakai, kami tidak boleh bertanggungjawab ke atas tindakan mereka yang mendapat akses tanpa kebenaran atau menyalahgunakan Perkhidmatan kami, dan kami tidak memberi jaminan, nyata, tersirat atau sebaliknya, bahawa kami akan mampu menghalang akses tersebut.
Pengekalan Data
Kami mengekalkan data peribadi yang kami kumpulkan, mengikut dan mematuhi undang-undang yang terpakai, dan mengikut yang berikut:
Dalam mana-mana peristiwa yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 12 (
Hak Menarik Diri
) atau 13 (
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda – kategori A1-3
) kami akan (i) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda yang disimpan dalam pangkalan data operasi kami; dan/atau (ii) memadamkan data peribadi yang sebenarnya dikumpul tentang anda yang pengumpulan dan prosesnya memerlukan persetujuan anda;
Kami tidak akan menggunakan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan selama lebih daripada: (a) 12 bulan untuk Pengguna Akhir di EU atau UK; atau (b) 36 bulan untuk semua Pengguna Akhir yang lain. Kami sama ada akan memadam daripada data pangkalan data operasi kami yang umurnya lebih daripada tempoh di atas
atau
menyamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda daripada pangkalan data operasi kami (dan selepas itu kami tidak akan dapat menggunakan data peribadi yang dikumpul dan diproses tentang anda untuk Tujuan).
Dengan syarat
, apabila kami memadamkan atau menamakan ADID anda dan/atau data anda daripada
pangkalan data operasi
kami, ia tidak akan dipadamkan daripada
arkib
kami , disebabkan oleh pengehadan reka bentuk teknikal platform kami, yang menjadikannya mustahil untuk menulis semula keseluruhan kod yang mengandungi ADID anda. Kami telah mereka platform kami dengan cara yang data peribadi anda, yang ditinggalkan dalam arkib kami berikutan permintaan anda untuk menarik diri daripada Rangkaian Start.io (atau permintaan yang setara) tidak akan diproses, digunakan atau dikongsi dengan mana-mana pihak ketiga berikutan permintaan.
Pemindahan data ke luar wilayah anda
Kami mungkin menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain. Kami mungkin memindahkan menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda oleh pembekal pihak ketiga dan pemproses data yang terletak di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain.
Jika anda adalah pemastautin bidang kuasa di mana pemindahan Data Peribadi anda memerlukan persetujuan anda, maka persetujuan anda kepada Dasar Privasi ini termasuk persetujuan nyata anda untuk pemindahan data anda tersebut.
Jika anda adalah pemastautin Kawasan Ekonomi Eropah (“
EEA
“) kami akan mengambil langkah yang sewajarnya untuk memastikan data peribadi anda menerima tahap perlindungan data yang mencukupi selepas pemindahannya ke luar EEA.
Sebarang pemindahan, sama ada kepada pihak ketiga atau dalaman, maklumat peribadi daripada EEA ke negara yang tidak dianggap memberikan tahap perlindungan data yang mencukupi dikawal oleh Klausa Kontrak Standard Kesatuan Eropah (EU) dan/atau peraturan pemindahan data yang setara untuk melindungi keselamatan dan kerahsiaan maklumat peribadi.
Pengguna Akhir California – CCPA
Tanpa mengurangkan peruntukan Polisi ini, sila ambil perhatian bahawa:
Kategori data peribadi yang dikumpul oleh Start.io dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 2, 3 dan 4;
Penggunaan data kami (termasuk perkongsian data) dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 7, 8 dan 9;
Hak menarik diri anda dan hak lain dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 12 dan 13.
Pertukaran kepada Dasar
Polisi ini mungkin kami kemas kini dari semasa ke semasa. Perubahan besar akan berkuat kuasa 30 hari dari kemas kini. Perubahan lain akan berkuat kuasa 7 hari dari kemas kini. Jika Dasar dipinda untuk mematuhi keperluan undang-undang, pindaan akan berkuat kuasa serta-merta. Dasar yang paling terkini serta apa-apa yang dikemas kini kepada Dasar ini akan diterbitkan dan akan tersedia dalam pautan berikut:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
. Kami menggalakkan anda menyemak Polisi secara berkala untuk memastikan anda memahami cara kami mengumpul, memproses, menggunakan dan berkongsi maklumat anda melalui Rangkaian Start.io.
Hubungi Kami
Jika anda mempunyai sebarang soalan atau komen tentang Polisi ini, sila tulis kepada kami di:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Anda juga boleh menghubungi kami melalui e-mel di:
privacy@start.io
.
Pegawai Perlindungan Data
Jika anda mempunyai sebarang permintaan mengenai data yang dikumpul di bawah Polisi ini, termasuk tanpa had, permintaan untuk mengalih keluar, memadam, meminda, mengubah suai atau memindahkan data, sila hubungi Pegawai Perlindungan Data kami di:
dpo@start.io
.
Sila pastikan anda memasukkan nama, alamat dan alamat e-mel anda dalam sebarang surat-menyurat kepada kami supaya kami boleh menjawab pertanyaan anda tepat pada masanya.
Untuk kemudahan anda, Polisi ini boleh diterjemahkan daripada Bahasa Inggeris ke beberapa bahasa lain. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dalam sebarang percanggahan atau percanggahan antara terjemahan yang tersedia untuk anda (jika ada) dan versi Bahasa Inggeris, versi bahasa Inggeris (tersedia di: pautan:
https://www.start.io /policy/privacy-policy/
) akan diguna pakai.
Kemaskini terakhir
: Ogos 23, 2021
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link
Do not sell my personal information
.
Cookie settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Sub-policy 30
https://www.beachfront.com/privacy-policy:
We use cookies to enhance the performance and relevance of our website. By clicking “Accept Cookies,” you’re opting into the use of cookies as outlined in our
Website Privacy Policy
.
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Accept Cookies
Deny Cookies
PLATFORM PRIVACY POLICY
It’s worth knowing what we will and won’t do with your information.
Beachfront Media, LLC, (“Beachfront”, “BFM”, “we”, or “us"), is committed to protecting your privacy when you use our products and services, including transparency and accountability in our privacy practices. The following Platform Privacy Policy was prepared to inform you of the information we collect about you, how that information is used, whether and to whom we disclose it, and the choices you have regarding your personal information relating to. the collection, use and disclosure of information we receive from users of our services (“Services”). For information specific to your access to and use of BFM’s website at
www.beachfront.com
(“Site”), please visit our “Website Privacy Policy” available at
https://www.beachfront.com/beachfront-media-corporate-website-privacy-policy
.
The purpose of this Platform Privacy Policy is to inform you of the following:
Who we are and the Services we provide so that you can understand how our business may impact your privacy.
What kind of information, including any personally identifiable information, is collected from you.
Who collects the information, how the information is used, with whom the information may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, deletion, and distribution of the information.
The security procedures that are in place to protect the information; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
It is very important that you read and understand our Platform Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms set out in our Platform Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services. We may update this Platform Privacy Policy from time to time. We will advise you that changes have been made by posting a notice on our website or otherwise. Your use of our Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of our Platform Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by us, and you are advised to consult our Platform Privacy Policy regularly for any changes (revisions will be reflected by the “last update” notation above). If you have any questions regarding BFM’s policies or practices relating to privacy, please direct them to
privacy@beachfront.com
.
This privacy policy applies only to BFM. It does not apply to the practices of companies that BFM does not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.
OUR BUSINESS
BFM has a technology platform.
We use our proprietary technology to offer advertising solutions to our clients, which includes working with advertisers to deliver their advertising campaigns across our network of publishers and application (“app”) developers (our ”BFM Platform”).
We offer technologies to advertisers and publishers that allow them to sell and purchase space or digital advertisements to try and ensure that the audience they desire sees their ads and that the advertising itself is delivered and its performance can be analyzed. We act as intermediaries that connect advertisers and publishers to deliver relevant digital ads. Types of data that may be used for this purpose range from behavioral or interest-related information to geographical or demographic user data. We participate in the IAB’s Transparency & Consent Framework and comply with its specifications and policies.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
Personally Identifiable Information.
We collect personally identifiable information in order to help our clients buy, sell, and deliver online advertising. “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” means information that alone or when in combination with other information we collect, may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you. There may be some opportunities, for example when you use our Site or Services, where you may choose to enter your name, contact information, and other personal details. For example, if you were interested in becoming one of our clients or using our Services you could provide us with contact details through our Site.
We also may collect device advertising IDs: unique identifiers used for advertising purposes on various devices, including mobile devices, Connected TV (CTV) devices, and others. Some examples of device advertising IDs (not an exhaustive list) are the following: (a) Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) is used on Apple devices running iOS (b) Android Advertising ID (AAID) is used on Android devices; (c) Google Advertising ID (GAID) is a unique advertising ID assigned to Android devices by Google Play services (d) Roku Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to Roku devices; (e) LG Smart TV Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to LG smart TVs, (f) Samsung Smart TV Advertising ID is a unique identifier assigned to Samsung smart TVs; and (g) third-party IDs: unique identifiers that belong to third parties. Third-party IDs may be associated with broad aggregate audience segments and shared with advertisers to serve more relevant ads to you based on your interests (for example, ads related to sports or fashion).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-personally identifiable information is information that, without additional information, cannot be linked to a specific individual by us. We may collect non-personally identifiable information while you are visiting our Site or the websites of one of our advertisers or publishers (collectively, “Customers”). For example, while providing the Services to publishers, advertisers and those working for them, we may collect your IP address, Web pages that you visit, the time and date, and whether or not you clicked on various advertisements (collectively, “Web Surfing Data”).
TECHNOLOGIES WE MAY USE FOR DATA COLLECTION
We use different types of technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information, including cookies, action tags, Web beacons, and single pixel GIFs.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes when you request through your browser to receive a particular Web page or content. We use these cookies for three purposes:
Persistent Cookies for Customers Use of Our Site
For our Customers who login to our Site so that they may use our Services, we utilize persistent cookies to potentially save your login information for future logins to the Site. This functionality works as it does on many websites that enable you to have an easier experience logging in and navigating their websites. We do not use persistent cookies in connection with helping our customers buy, sell, and deliver online advertising.
Session Cookies to Help Ad Delivery and Accounting
We utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services, to better understand how you interact with the Services, and to monitor aggregate usage by our users and Web traffic routing on the Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
User Data Cookies for Ad Targeting
We utilize cookies to store user data that can aid in targeting of advertisements. This data is usually collected by our Customers and used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to a user’s interests.
Use of Cookies By Others
Also, the Web publisher or advertiser with whom we partner may use cookies, action tags, GIFs, or Web beacons to collect information when you are visiting their websites. The information they collect is governed by their individual privacy policies, not ours. You are encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites that you visit. You can learn more about how cookies and related technologies are used in connection with online advertising and analytics by visiting:
http://www.aboutads.info/how-interest-based-ads-work
.
OPT-OUT PROCEDURE AND COOKIE CONTROL
Should you wish to opt-out of us placing a cookie on your browser, you can click
here
to deploy an “opt-out” cookie on your browser. This cookie, when installed on your browser, will prevent us from placing a new cookie on that browser and from collecting data on that browser.
Our opt-out tool is cookie-based. Opt-out tools only prevent us from collecting data pertaining to you on the browser on which they are installed and will only function if your browser is set to accept third-party cookies. If you delete an opt-out cookie from a browser’s cookie files, we may collect data and place a new cookie unless an opt-out cookie is reset on that browser. If you block third-party cookies from being set on your browser, you may not be able to enjoy some features or functionality, and you may see the same content and advertisements repeatedly on some websites.
OPT-OUT PROCEDURE FOR MOBILE INTERNET-BASED, MOBILE DEVICE OR CTV ADVERTISING
Some of our partners may collect information on mobile internet based sites, mobile or CTV (also known as smart TVs or connected TV devices). Should you wish to opt-out of this type of targeting on both Android and/or IOS platforms please click on the below links:
Android:
https://developer.android.com/google/play-services/id.html#get_started
IOS:
http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228
Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising on CTVs
Our Customers may display interest-based advertising on CTVs (based on your use of CTVs over time and across non-affiliated CTV apps). To learn more about these practices and how to opt out, please review your connected TV’s settings menu and visit
https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/
.
USE OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Use of Non-Personally-Identifiable Information
The non-personally identifiable data that we and/or our Customers collect when using the Services are used for marketing and sales efforts and to better target advertisements to people across the different websites they visit. We may also use the non-personally identifiable data to better target content to individuals in an effort to create a personally relevant experience for each person. The non-personally identifiable data is also used to predict responses to advertisements, and to help determine which ads perform best and which ads are most appropriate for different individuals.
Use of Personally-Identifiable Information
We use personally identifiable information we receive primarily to communicate with our Customers as we provide the Services. We use information we receive from business customer prospects in the same ways.
Data from Customers
We allow our Customers to import data that they have collected or purchased to deliver advertisements to certain audiences through the Services. We are not responsible for and do not control the collection of this data. If you wish to opt out of collection of your information by third parties, then you must do so directly with those third parties.
SHARING AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We do not provide personally identifiable information to our Customers or other third parties for their marketing purposes except under the following conditions. If a visitor to our Site provides personally identifiable information as part of an inquiry about products or services provided by us, we will provide that information only to the proper unit/individual so that they may attempt to respond to the inquiry.
We may share non-personally identifiable information collected via our BFM Platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes. This does not include users from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Switzerland. We may also disclose and share user level Non-PII and aggregate Non-PII collected via our BFM Platform with unaffiliated third parties for our business purposes, including but not limited to enabling our business partners to help us target ads via the BFM Platform. This information cannot be used to contact or identify any person individually.
We may also disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Like most businesses, we will use information we receive for our business purposes and keep this information for as long as we have a legitimate business purpose as permitted by applicable law. We may also disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Purposes and Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data
We Process your information to provide our Services when it is permitted by law and supported by a valid legal justification (“Legal Basis”). We rely on the Legal Basis of consent for the following Processing activities:
Ad delivery
: to deliver ads to you;
Ad reporting
: to verify an ad was delivered to you with accuracy;
Cookie syncing
: to match our cookie IDs with third-party IDs to more effectively deliver relevant ads to you. When we are authorized to use a cookie ID, we try to match it against third-party IDs and third-party cookie IDs.; and
Impression Counting
: to count the number of times ads are displayed against a Digital ID.
We rely on the Legal Basis of legitimate interests for the following Processing activities:
Ad vetting
: to prevent fraud, malware, and other unacceptable behavior; and
Troubleshooting, optimizing, and product improvement
: to improve our Services and ensure ads are delivered correctly to you.
We rely on the Legal Basis of legal obligations for the following Processing activity:
Privacy Rights
: to view and enforce your opt-out choices, and honor your privacy choices/rights. For example, if you make a request to delete your Personal Data, we will use your Personal Data to search, identify, and delete your Personal Data.
We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of BFM.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to provide the Services on our behalf, including without limitation, maintenance services, database management, Web analytics, security and quality of advertising, and improvement of the Site’s features, or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Services are used (“Service Providers”). These third parties have access to your personal information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. For a list of our current Service Providers, you can contact
privacy@beachfront.com
. If you object to your information being shared by any new Services Providers after you have signed up for the Services, we will tell you how you may opt-out of having your information shared with these new Services Providers.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We may disclose information when necessary, in cooperation with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose information about you to government or to law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including, but not limited to subpoenas), or to protect our rights, property, or those of others.
Business Transfers
In addition to the above, there is also the possibility that we may one day be purchased by, or merged with, another company or otherwise be reorganized or sold. If that’s the case, the acquiring (or merging) company will have access to your information.
DATA RETENTION
The amount of time that we retain personal data we collect on our systems varies in length based on the type of data collected but is only retained by us so long as necessary to fulfill our legitimate business needs or as required to meet legal or regulatory requirements. We may also create and retain anonymized information and continue to use this information in accordance with our privacy policy. Specifically, we retain data as follows:
Personally Identifiable Information
We retain account information obtained from vendors and business partners we work with indefinitely but reserve the right to delete such information at our convenience.
Any personal information voluntarily provided to us via email communication or through our Site is maintained indefinitely until deleted by the corporate email account owner.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We retain click-stream data (such as IP address, date/time of visit, browser type, web pages visited, etc.) for up to thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months, information may be stored in aggregate for statistical and analysis purposes or is deleted.
We retain behavioral segment data, excluding such data of EU and UK users, for periods as short as thirty (30) days, but may retain some behavioral segment data for up to thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months, information may be stored in aggregate for statistical analysis purposes or is deleted.
We retain demographic data for periods as short as thirty (30) days, but may retain some demographic data for periods of thirteen (13) months. After thirteen (13) months information may be stored in aggregate for statistical analysis purposes or is deleted.
PRIVACY RIGHTS NOTICE
If you are a resident of California or located in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, please see our Privacy Rights Notice available at
https://www.beachfront.com/beachfront-media-llc-privacy-rights-notice
web policy to learn more about the privacy rights available to you. If you are located in a jurisdiction with data protection laws that you believe offer you privacy rights not described in this Privacy Policy or our Privacy Rights Notice, please contact us at
privacy@beachfront.com
.
International Transfers of Personal Information
Our servers are located in the United States, which may be outside the jurisdiction where personal data is collected. Also, some of the third-party service providers with which we may share personal data are located in and may transfer personal data to various jurisdictions. These other jurisdictions may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your place of residence (and, in some cases, not as protective).
When we transfer personal data outside of the EEA, the UK or Switzerland, we ensure that appropriate legal protections are in place. These protections may include a transfer mechanism, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and such transfer mechanism, the terms of the transfer mechanism will govern.
LINKS TO WEB PUBLISHERS, ADVERTISERS, & OTHER WEBSITES
Our Services are combined with content from our Customers and other third-party advertisers. Our Services may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit a Customer or other third-party advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third-party’s website. Our provision of a link to a website or a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement of that website or advertisement, nor is it an endorsement of the privacy or information security policies or practices of that website or advertiser. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of Web publishers, advertisers, or other websites that may be linked to our Site. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through our Services. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. You are encouraged to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
ACCESSING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, MAKING CHANGES, OR REQUESTING DELETION
Where we process personally-identifiable information on our own behalf, you may request access to, correction of, or deletion of personal data held by us by filling out a Data Subject Access Request form at
https://www.beachfront.com/data-subject-access-request
. Because we generally process data for others, for any of that data you should make your request directly to the party collecting the information or on whose behalf it has been collected.
SECURITY
We use technical, physical and administrative safeguards intended to protect the personal information that we collect from and about you through the Services. Our safeguards are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and include (as applicable) measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and a procedure for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing of personal information. We have an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, limiting access only to those employees who we reasonably believe need to know such information for the purpose of performing their jobs. However, no company, including BFM, can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information.
INCIDENT MANAGEMENT
If we become aware of any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to any personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed on our equipment or in our facilities (“Security Breach”), we will promptly notify our Data Controllers and respective parties of the Security Breach without undue delay, investigate the Security Breach and provide Data Controllers and respective parties with all relevant information and take all steps to mitigate the effects and to minimize any damage resulting from the Security Breach.
CHILDREN
Neither this Site nor the Services is directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. No sensitive segments or segments are targeted at children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at
privacy@beachfront.com
. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits end users who are California residents to request certain information regarding BFM’s disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email
privacy@beachfront.com
.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
BFM is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices, and may make changes to its Privacy Policy. In the event that any changes that we believe are material are made to the company’s privacy practices, we will post a dated revised Privacy Policy on this website.
LAST UPDATED MAY 8, 2024
Sub-policy 31
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/do-not-sell-my-personal-information/:
Opt-out/Do Not Sell My Personal Information
If you wish to restrict or object to the processing, opt-out of the sale/transfer of your personal information/personal data, or exercise your “do not sell my personal information” rights, please follow the instructions below.
Back to Privacy Center
Sharethrough offers you multiple options to restrict the processing/opt-out of the personalized advertising that may be served to you by our technology platform. This includes meeting the requirements to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information as required California privacy law, to opt-out of the transfer of your personal data under European law, and your general rights to stop the distribution of your personal data/personal information as applicable.
Please find below the methods by which you may opt-out of personalized advertising. Kindly note, opting-out of personalized advertising does not mean you will no longer see online ads, it simply means you will not see ads tailored to your personal interests.
General
You can restrict processing by setting your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent to facilitate the restriction of processing. If you restrict such processing, please note , you will still see Advertisements on Partner Sites, they just may not be relevant to your interests. You can find more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org and http://youronlinechoices.eu.
WebBrowser Option to Opt–Out
To opt-out of the processing of your personal data for personalized advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page:
optout.aboutads.info
and select “opt-out” under Sharethrough. Please note, when you opt-out, an opt-out cookie will be stored on your web browser signaling your opt-out preference to Sharethrough.
If your browser is configured to block third-party cookies, then this opt-out cookie may not work. If you delete your browser cookies, you will need to opt-out again. The opt-out will only apply to the specific browser in which you set it, and the opt-out must be repeated for each different browser.
Mobile Opt-Out
Please find below information on how to opt-out of receiving personalized advertising on your mobile device.
Option 1:
Visit
aboutads
, download the Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices mobile app, and follow the instructions provided in the AppChoices mobile app.
Option 2:
Adjust the advertising preferences on your mobile device: In iOS – please visit Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking;In Android – please visit: Settings > Google > Ads > Opt out of interest-based ads.
More information on your mobile opt-out choices can be found
here
.
Television & Digital Video Programming Opt-Out
Digital video programming devices (such Smart TVs and apps on Smart TVs) may give you the ability to opt-out of personalized advertising. To determine if your device has these options, please visit your device’s setting menu(s). Please consult the following guidance for consumer choice mechanisms on various connected devices:
thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices
.
If you have any questions, or wish to contact us, please email
dataprotection@sharethrough.com
.
Sub-policy 32
https://privacy-center.sharethrough.com/en/:
Welcome to
Sharethrough’s
Privacy Center
Back to Sharethrough.com
Sharethrough Privacy Policy—
We are Committed to Providing a Transparent & Engaging Experience Across our Digital Platforms
We at Sharethrough believe the internet is a place where the fundamental  right to privacy should be protected and everyone has a role to play in protecting it. We believe such protection is achieved through transparency and communication.
This is why we have prepared a series of policies and other documents to help you better understand the actions we take as an actor of the Adtech industry to ensure the protection of personal data. On this page, you will find our User Privacy Notice, Corporate Privacy Notice, Website Privacy Notice, and
Candidate Privacy Notice.  You will also be able to access, delete, or opt-out of the processing of your personal  data. Please review the links under the Privacy Notice for users to achieve a comprehensive overview of our data processing activities.
We trust these documents will help you better understand the way we interact with personal data and how we operate within the Ad Tech industry.
User Privacy Notice
This Sharethrough Privacy Notice for Users describes the information we may collect from you when you visit the digital properties of our clients across the web, and on mobile or video-programming applications.
User Privacy Notice
User Rights: Access and Deletion of your Information
Opt-out/Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Website Privacy Notice
This Website Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you when you visit our websites.
Website Privacy Notice
Candidate Privacy Notice
This Candidate Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you during the recruitment process with Sharethrough.
Candidate Privacy Notice
Corporate Privacy Notice
This Corporate Privacy Notice describes the information we may collect from you when you work with us in a business capacity as our client and/or use our proprietary client-facing programmatic advertising applications.
Corporate Privacy Notice
Sub-policy 33
https://vrtcal.com/docs/PrivacyPolicy-Advertising.pdf:

Sub-policy 34
https://triplelift.com/privacy/:
TripleLift Privacy Center
Last updated March 16, 2021
If you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this policy and require it to be provided in alternative format (e.g., audio, large print), you can send us a message at our
contact
email listed below
Our Privacy Center is designed to provide you with quick and convenient access to essential information about our privacy practices as well as to tools where you can express your preferences.
TripleLift is committed to transparency, and we want you to understand fully how we may collect, use and share information relating to individuals like you and how to access the privacy choices that are available to you.
TripleLift Privacy Policies
To read our full privacy policies describing:
How we collect, use and share personal information on this website and in our corporate activities, please see our
Website and Corporate Privacy Policy here
How we collect, use and share personal information through our advertising technology, please see our
Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy here
TripleLift Cookie Statements
To read about how TripleLift uses cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information about individuals:
When you use or interact with our website or in our corporate business activities, see our
Cookie Notice here
In the operation of our advertising technology platform, see our
Advertising Technology Platform Cookie Notice here
TripleLift Opt-Out
There are many ways to opt out of the collection and use of data for advertising which our clients may conduct using our technology.
To express your preferences with respect to the information we may collect or receive about your device in our advertising technology, please visit our Opt-Out
here
.
To find out about alternative ways to opt out, see the section entitled
“Your Choices and Rights”
in our Advertising Technology Platform Privacy Policy.
Contact
Please contact us at the email provided below if you have any additional questions or wish to make a complaint:
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information on this website or in our corporate activities, please email privacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
About our collection, use and sharing of personal information through our advertising technology, please email platformprivacy((at))triplelift((dot))com.
Sub-policy 35
https://www.appsflyer.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 36
https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Sub-policy 37
https://policies.google.com/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 38
https://www.linode.com/legal-privacy/:
Twitter
LinkedIn
Email
Close
X
Skip to main content
Legal
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. Akamai Group and Contact Details
1.1 Akamai’s Affiliates
1.2 Akamai’s Main EU Establishment and Supervisory Authority
1.3 Akamai’s Data Protection Officers
1.4 How to Contact Us
2. Personal Data Collected and Processed by Akamai Directly and Indirectly
2.1 Services Provisioning
2.2 Marketing Activities
2.3 Recruitment
2.4 Procurement Activities
2.5 Visiting Akamai Sites
2.6 Visiting Akamai Facilities
3. Purpose and Legal Basis for Processing of Personal Data
4. Recipients of Personal Data
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
6. Personal Data Safeguards
7. Personal Data Retention
8. Your Rights as Data Subject
9. Country-Specific Information
9.1 Information for Data Subjects in the EU
9.2 Information under California Law
9.3 Information for Data Subjects in Brazil
10. Children and Minors
11. Tracking Technologies
11.1 Cookie Technologies
11.2 Adobe Analytics
11.3 Third-Party Social Media Widgets
12. Changes to Privacy Statement
12.1 Notification of Changes
12.2 Change Control
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
AKAMAI PRIVACY STATEMENT
1. Akamai Group and Contact Details
1.1 Akamai’s Affiliates
1.2 Akamai’s Main EU Establishment and Supervisory Authority
1.3 Akamai’s Data Protection Officers
1.4 How to Contact Us
2. Personal Data Collected and Processed by Akamai Directly and Indirectly
2.1 Services Provisioning
2.2 Marketing Activities
2.3 Recruitment
2.4 Procurement Activities
2.5 Visiting Akamai Sites
2.6 Visiting Akamai Facilities
3. Purpose and Legal Basis for Processing of Personal Data
4. Recipients of Personal Data
5. International Transfer of Personal Data
6. Personal Data Safeguards
7. Personal Data Retention
8. Your Rights as Data Subject
9. Country-Specific Information
9.1 Information for Data Subjects in the EU
9.2 Information under California Law
9.3 Information for Data Subjects in Brazil
10. Children and Minors
11. Tracking Technologies
11.1 Cookie Technologies
11.2 Adobe Analytics
11.3 Third-Party Social Media Widgets
12. Changes to Privacy Statement
12.1 Notification of Changes
12.2 Change Control
Last Updated: December 10, 2024
Akamai Technologies, Inc. and its wholly owned and operated global affiliates (each separately and together “Akamai”) respect your privacy and are committed to compliance with applicable privacy laws, regulations, and principles.
This Privacy Statement covers the personal data which respective Akamai affiliate processes in a controller role (i.e., we process this data for our own purposes), or in any other equivalent role or corresponding terms applied by applicable data protection laws.
The entity controlling your personal data is the entity with which you interact. In case of interaction with Akamai websites (e.g., akamai.com, linode.com or other websites or portals that post a link to this Privacy Statement), the controlling entity is Akamai Technologies, Inc.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent where the respective Akamai affiliate processes personal data in a processor role (i.e., when we offer various services to our customers and act on behalf of our customers), or in any other equivalent role or corresponding terms applied by applicable data protection laws. The details of the processing of personal data in the processor role are outlined in our data processing agreement available in our
Privacy Trust Center
.
A detailed list, with locations, of Akamai’s affiliates covered by this Privacy Statement and contact details is available
here
.
Akamai’s main EU establishment:
Akamai Technologies GmbH
Attn: Global Data Protection Office
Parkring 22
85748 Garching
Germany
Akamai’s Supervisory Authority in the European Union:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
Promenade 18
91522 Ansbach
Germany
Chief Privacy Officer
Global Data Protection Officer
Address:
Akamai Technologies, Inc.
Attn: Chief Privacy Officer
Legal Department
145 Broadway
Cambridge, MA 02142
U.S.A.
Address:
Akamai Technologies GmbH
Attn: Global Data Protection Officer
Parkring 22
85748 Garching
Germany
If you have a question about this statement or Akamai’s handling of your personal data, or if you wish to execute your data subject access rights or provide instructions regarding our use of your personal data as set forth in this Privacy Statement, you may contact us:
To opt out of marketing email communications:
Marketing communication about Cloud Computing services– by contacting us via this
Marketing Email Opt-out Form
Other marketing communication - by contacting us via this
Marketing Email Opt-out Form
To access and provide instruction regarding your personal data via our privacy requests forms:
If you are the user of Cloud Computing services – by contacting us via
Data & Privacy Requests form
Other requests - by contacting us via our
DSAR Form
For any other matters:
By sending an email to
privacy@akamai.com
;
By sending an email to
privacy@linode.com
in matters related to Cloud Computing services, or
By mailing us at the postal addresses indicated in section 1.3 above
This Privacy Statement explains what personal data (otherwise known as personal information) Akamai collects or otherwise processes about you through our interactions with you. Such interactions may occur through your status as, among others, a representative of a customer or a prospective customer; a representative of a partner or third-party service provider; a visitor to our websites, communities, web properties, applications, or portals (“Sites”); a visitor to our offices; a job applicant, or as you otherwise engage with Akamai.
The data collected depends upon the nature of your direct interaction with Akamai, the products, services, and features you use (or that the company you represent uses), Sites you use, as well as any decisions you make about providing data, including decisions through privacy settings that you may set on your browser or device. You may also provide your data to Akamai indirectly through use of one of Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems or via Akamai’s third-party service providers.
When asked to provide personal data, you may decline — but depending on what that personal data is and the purpose for which it may be collected, your user experience; ability to obtain a product, service, or offer from us; ability to provide a product or service to us; job application submission; or any other engagement with Akamai may be impacted.
Personal data will be processed by Akamai manually or by electronic means.
In general, Akamai collects and processes personal data in connection with the following business operations or activities: Services provisioning, Marketing activities, Recruitment, Procurement activities, visiting our Sites, visiting our facilities, or if you otherwise directly or indirectly engage with Akamai or speak to one of our representatives.
For an overview of categories of personal data collected and processed by Akamai depending on the activities, type of interaction, and data subject please check “More” below.
Table 1 (Category of personal data collected and processed and type of interaction)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Type of Interaction Between Akamai
and Data Subject
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Telephone Chat Data
Direct
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
Indirect
4) Customer/Partner/Individuals accessing Cloud Computing services
Service Logs
Direct
Indirect
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Direct
Indirect
Device and Usage Data
Telephone Chat Data
Direct
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data
Direct
Indirect
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Direct
Indirect
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/Interested individual
Contact Information
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Login Information and Credentials
Live Chat Data
Direct
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/Interested individual
Contact Information
Office Visitors Data
Direct
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through your
direct
interactions with Akamai if you inquire about or obtain a service or product from us (or represent a company that inquires about or obtains a service or product from us) or request a support from us. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai includes the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Account Data
(in case of Cloud Computing services)
. This data includes Contact Information (defined above) and any other data provided by you during account creation, financial information, and payment information e.g. credit card numbers or payment token.
Telephone Chat Data.
This data includes content of the conversation and Contact Information provided by you during the chat. Please be aware that it is our general practice to record the chat for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Additionally Akamai collects and processes certain personal data from you through your direct or
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of providing Akamai services to our customers or partners, if you use one of Akamai’s customers’ or partners’ websites, applications or corporate systems or if you use our services via our customers or partners. Akamai acts mainly as a “processor” or “service provider” when processing such data (i.e. on behalf of our customers and subject to their instructions). For details of the data categories and processing activities relating to such data processed in the “processor” or “service provider” role please read our data processing agreement, available in the Akamai
Privacy Trust Center
.
There are also scenarios where Akamai acts as “controller” or  ”business” with respect to data collected from the users of our services or individuals accessing Akamai's customers' websites, applications or corporate systems. Categories of such data include the following:
Service Logs.
During its service operation, Akamai logs accesses made to one of its servers or to its cloud computing environment. Akamai collects network traffic data, including IP addresses and related internet transaction data that Akamai servers log as a result of the service delivery or delivery of information over the Akamai platform, as well as (when our customer has purchased the relevant services) data associated with user activity and interaction with web and internet protocol sessions transiting Akamai’s servers as part of your session with  our customer’s websites, applications and corporate systems. Depending on the service type, Service Logs include such data as e.g., an end user’s IP address, browser and device data, URLs visited, a time stamp, and, where applicable depending on the service used, authentication data, API traffic packet or content of communication, including attachments. Depending on the applicable laws, Service Logs may or may not be classified as personal data.
We process the Service Logs a in a “controller” or “business” role (i.e., we process this data for our own purposes) for traffic and security analytics, billing our customers, service improvement (e.g., improving Akamai’s threat intelligence), plan future capacity and deployment needs, troubleshooting and aggregate reporting (i.e., reports that do not identify you or the customer). For more information about processing of personal data in connection with Akamai Services please see the information available in Akamai’s
Privacy Trust Center
.
Akamai collects and processes your personal data from you through your
direct
interactions with Akamai if you obtain a service or product from us (or represent a company that obtains a service or product from us), if you inquire about a service or product from us or you are otherwise interested in our services, products, or events, or interact with Akamai Sites (e.g., by registering for Akamai newsletters or events, or accessing Akamai online resources) to perform direct marketing and lead generation activities. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct interaction include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Device and Usage Data
.
Akamai collects information about the device you use to access our Sites and the interactions of you and your device with our Sites. That personal data can include the internet protocol (IP) address associated with your computer or device, the domain name of your internet service provider (ISP), your device type and identifiers, browser type, operating system, the content or pages you view on the Akamai Sites, time spent on Akamai Sites, and similar usage and device information. Information is collected via different technologies used on Akamai Sites such as cookies, web beacons, Adobe Analytics or third-party social media widgets. For more information about these technologies on Akamai Sites and your choices regarding them, see the
Tracking Technologies
section of this statement.
Telephone Chat Data.
This data includes content of the conversation and Contact Information provided by you during the chat. Please be aware that it is our general practice to record the chat for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through your
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of service provisioning by third party service providers to Akamai. In some cases, you may provide such personal data via third-party service providers (e.g., professional event coordinators, lead generation service providers) who then forward the data to Akamai, typically pursuant to a contract with us. Such service providers perform business operations on Akamai’s behalf, such as sales, lead generation, and direct marketing. Akamai may also purchase data from contact database provider companies. Akamai may also use third-party databases to enrich its own customer database with missing information like e.g., job title or company name. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of indirect interaction include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
In marketing communication we use web beacon technology, as described in
Web Beacons in Marketing Communication
below.
As part of any marketing communications, we offer you the opportunity to choose to unsubscribe. You may at any time choose not to receive marketing communication from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each email you may receive, by indicating so when we call you, or via our marketing opt out forms indicated in section 1.4 above. Please note that if you choose to unsubscribe we will still keep your data on the marketing email opt-out list to make sure that you will not receive marketing communication from Akamai in the future. If you are a customer or partner, or a representative of a customer or of a partner who has an active account for our services, and you choose to unsubscribe, we will still send you non-marketing communications, e.g., your service-related notifications.
In addition to unsubscribe option, as indicated above, you may also at any time request deletion of your data by contacting us via our privacy requests forms
(see section
Your Rights as Data Subject
). Please note that if you choose to delete your data then your data will not be included on the marketing opt-out list. In case of deletion request we will not have records against which we can screen new data therefore you may receive marketing communication from Akamai in the future if we will have again legal basis for sending you marketing communication.
Akamai does not deliver third-party online advertisements on our websites, but we advertise our services on third-party websites. Please familiarize yourself with those website operators’ or network advertisers’ privacy policies to understand their practices relating to advertising, including what type of information they may collect about your internet usage. Some advertising networks we use may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Individuals may opt out of targeted advertising delivered by NAI or EDAA member ad networks by visiting the
NAI website
and
Your Online Choices by EDAA
.
These third-party websites may use cookies and web beacons to collect information (such as your IP address) about your activities on Akamai’s and others’ websites to provide you with targeted Akamai advertisements based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you should update your preferences in the cookie management tool or contact the website owner. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served non-targeted advertising. You will continue to receive generic, non-targeted ads.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you apply for a job with us.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
indirect
interactions with Akamai as a result of service provisioning by third-party service providers to Akamai. In some cases, you may provide such personal data via third-party service providers (e.g., job application sites, recruiter agencies) who then forward the data to Akamai, typically pursuant to a contract with us. Such service providers perform business operations on Akamai’s behalf, such as recruitment services or other Human Resources tasks.
Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct and indirect interactions include the following:
Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data
.
If you interact with Akamai to process employment applications, we collect personal identity and contact information, as well as data relating to your job history, educational history, resume, work eligibility, and related information used to evaluate candidates for employment with Akamai.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai uses automated tools provided by third parties to process your Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data collected both through direct and indirect interactions. These tools are used to organize your personal data, to support Akamai’s recruitment process (e.g., by offering nonbinding recommendations to Akamai during different stages of the process) and to ensure a fair and objective decision-making process by the Akamai Talent Acquisition team. Akamai does not make any decisions with legal or significant effects about you without meaningful human input.
If you wish to update your Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data processed by Akamai or withdraw your consent for participation in future recruitments, you may contact your recruiter directly or us as outlined in the
How to Contact Us
section of this statement.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you provide services or products to us (or represent a company that provides services or products to us) or if we inquire about a service or product from you (or from the company that you represent).
Akamai collects and processes your personal data through
indirect
interactions with Akamai if your representatives or agents (or representatives or agents of the company that you represent) offer your services or products to us or if we inquire about a service or product from your representatives or agents (or from representatives or agents of the company that you represent).
Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai in case of direct and indirect interactions include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data, as well as financial information (payment-related information).
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you use Akamai’s Sites (for example, when registering for an Akamai event, webcast, or training, or accessing resources such as publications and white papers available online), or use one of our mobile applications, or visit or interact with our Sites and services using technologies like cookies and methods for obtaining usage and device data. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai include the following:
Contact Information.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data provided by you in our webform during registration e.g., for an event, webcast or training.
Sites Logs
. Akamai collects network traffic data, including IP addresses and related internet transaction data that Akamai servers log as a result of the delivery of information over the Akamai platform, as well as data associated with user activity and interaction with web and internet protocol sessions transiting Akamai’s servers as part of your session with Akamai web property. Sites Logs include such data as: end-user IP addresses, URLs of Sites visited with time stamps (with an associated IP address), geographic location based upon IP address and location of Akamai server, telemetry data (e.g., mouse clicks, movement rates, and related browser data). Depending on the applicable laws, logged data may or may not be classified as personal data. Except for Akamai portal logs, we do not process or maintain the information in an identifiable way.
Device and Usage Data
.
Akamai collects information about the device you use to access our Sites and the interactions of you and your device with our Sites. That personal data includes the internet protocol (IP) address associated with your computer or device, the domain name of your internet service provider (ISP), your device type and identifiers, browser type, operating system, the content or pages you view on the Akamai Sites, time spent on Akamai Sites, and similar usage and device information.
Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data are collected via different technologies used on Akamai Sites such as cookies, web beacons, Adobe Analytics or third-party social media widgets. For more information about these technologies and your choices regarding them, see the
Tracking Technologies
section of this statement.
Login Information and Credentials
.
If you use any of our Sites, you may be asked to create an account and provide a login name, password, and similar security information (e.g., a mobile phone number to which we can send a code) for authentication and account access.
Live Chat Data.
We also provide “live chat” sessions to assist you with our Sites and content. Please be aware that it is our general practice to monitor and record the live chat transcripts for staff training and quality assurance purposes, and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. Live Chat Data includes content of the conversation and metadata about the user (e.g. IP address, type of connection (mobile, desktop etc.) and other web server metadata). During “live chat” sessions we may ask you to provide your Contact Information to verify if you are an existing customer, assist you with your inquiry or follow up on our discussion or provide you with our marketing communication.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
To allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media service providers) or join communities on such sites, we provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to log in, post content, or join communities from our Sites. We may also provide you with general links to third-party websites. Your use of these links and applications is subject to the third parties’ privacy policies, and you should become familiar with these third-party sites’ privacy policies before using the links or applications. Akamai is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other third-party websites.
Akamai collects and processes personal data from you through
direct
interactions with Akamai if you visit our offices or an Akamai trade show or exhibit booth or other Akamai event. Categories of data collected and processed by Akamai include the following:
Contact Information
.
This data includes first and last name, email address, postal address, telephone number, company name, job title, and similar contact data.
Office Visitors Data
. We collect CCTV images, first and last name, or other information when you enter our offices. We also collect details about your health if necessary, so that we can help you to access our buildings or reserve a parking spot.
Over this data, we are the “controller” or “business” (i.e., we determine the purpose and means of the data processing).
Akamai processes personal data to perform essential business operations and provide our products and services. In all cases, Akamai ensures that such processing is legal, fair, and reasonable. The various processing activities are justified by varying legal bases under the applicable data protection laws.
The specific purposes the data is used for varies by type of data and may include operating and maintaining our platform, improving performance, development of new features and capabilities, research, and customer support.
For an overview of purposes of personal data processing by Akamai and corresponding legal bases please check “More” below.
Table 2 (Purpose and legal basis for processing)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Purpose of Processing
Legal Basis
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Communications, managing and supporting our customer relationship
Legitimate interest or Contract
Customer surveys and service improvements
Legitimate interest
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Telephone Chat Data
Providing support
Legitimate interest
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customers’ websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Providing support
Legitimate interest
4) Customer/Partner/
Individuals
accessing Compute  services
Service Logs
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Providing support
Legitimate interest
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Device and Usage Data
Telephone Chat Data
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History and Applicant Data
Recruitment
Contract, Legitimate interest, Legal obligation, or Consent
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Communications, managing and supporting our vendor relationships
Legitimate interest or Contract
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations
Legitimate interest or Contract
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Providing functionality of our Sites
Contract
Personalization of your experience on our Sites
Legitimate interest or Consent
Product development and improvement
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Traffic and Security analytics
Legitimate interest
Login Information and Credentials
Providing functionality of our Sites
Contract
Providing mobile applications and social computing environments
Contract or Consent
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Live Chat Data
Providing support
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Consent
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Managing our relationship
Legitimate interest
Marketing communications and promotional events
Legitimate interest or Consent
Office Visitors Data
Office access and physical security
Legitimate interest or Consent
The specific purposes mentioned above may include the following:
Communications, managing and supporting our customer relationships:
We use Contact Information collected about customers, prospective customers, partners, and prospective partners, and about individuals representing them, to manage and support our customer relationships. This includes providing support for our services, providing access to customer service portals and communities, providing service training, communicating with customers, selling new services and features, troubleshooting issues, and other customer relationship–related matters. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent,
to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us, or to submit communication or inquiries to you. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Communications, managing and supporting our vendor relationships:
We use Contact Information about our service providers or individuals representing our third-party service providers to manage and support our vendor relationships. This includes, among others, communication with vendors and third-party service providers, purchasing and negotiating new offerings, requesting support and maintenance services, completing necessary transactions, and fulfillment of contractual obligations. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent, to submit inquiries to you or to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Customer surveys and service improvements:
As part of our customer relationship, we may contact you as our customer or as a representative of a customer or a partner, if applicable (except if you chose not to be contacted by us) via Contact Information you provided, to ask whether you would like to participate in our satisfaction surveys or in market research surveys. We use these surveys to improve our service offering and business operations to better serve you and our customers and partners. Akamai has legitimate interest to maintain viable and efficient business operations through management and improvement of our services, increase customer satisfaction, provide better user experience, and identify ways to grow our business.
Fulfillment of transactions/contractual obligations:
We use Contact Information to respond to requests from current and prospective customers and partners or their representatives, and as needed and appropriate to complete business transactions, comply with contractual requirements,  provide Akamai services and products or access to an Akamai event, webcast, training or other materials. We use Account Data for account creation and account management, to process your service requests, handle orders and process payments. If you are a representative of a customer or prospective customer, or a representative of a partner or prospective partner, Akamai has legitimate interest to process your Contact Information and Account Data to manage the business relationship with you or the party that you represent. If you are acting on your own behalf, Akamai is processing your Contact Information and Account Data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract. We use Service Logs in order to comply with contractual requirements between Akamai and its customers.
Service Logs are processed for purposes of billing our customers based on Akamai’s legitimate interest in providing and maintaining its products and services and calculation of fees.
Managing our relationship:
We use Contact Information collected about visitors at our facilities (like Akamai offices, or trade show or exhibit booths) or about other interested individuals to manage our relationships. For example, we need your Contact Information to confirm your appointment at our offices or to handle your inquiries. Akamai has legitimate interest to manage the relationship with you and to respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us.
Marketing communications and promotional events:
We use Contact Information, Sites Logs, Telephone Chat, Live Chat Data and Device and Usage Data we collect to communicate with you, whether you are a customer, prospective customer, or their representative, partner, prospective partner or their representative, visitor to Akamai Sites, or other individual interested in Akamai services and products. We use the personal data collected from your interaction with Akamai or with the Sites for website performance and marketing analytics, to deliver marketing communications, special offers, information about events, or advertisements that may be of interest to you or to parties that you represent, either directly or via third-party service providers. Akamai has legitimate interest to process such data in order for us to operate effectively and to manage and respond to any request or inquiries you submit to us, allow interaction to provide information regarding Akamai products and services or events, and to promote our products, services, and events to identify ways to grow our business. Where legitimate interest may not serve as legal basis, Akamai is processing your data based on your consent, e.g., consent provided via subscription form on our Sites or via acceptance of cookies on our Sites, or consent provided to third parties who have shared your data for marketing purposes with us.  Some of our offerings may be co-branded, as they are sponsored by both Akamai and third parties.  We share data with these third parties for promotional purposes (see section
Recipients of Personal Data
). Notwithstanding the above, Akamai and third parties are processing this data as separate controllers for their own purposes. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with such third parties’ privacy policies to gain an understanding of the manner in which they will handle personal data about you.
Office access and physical security:
We collect Office Visitors Data when you enter our facilities in order to enable you to access our offices and ensure physical security. Akamai has legitimate interest to protect the company’s facilities, its employees and visitors. In case of collection of sensitive data, such as health data to help you with access to our buildings, Akamai will seek your explicit consent.
Personalization of your experience on our Sites:
We use Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data to provide you with a personalized experience on our Sites, such as providing you with content in which you may be interested and making navigation on our Sites easier. The data also is used to generate statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our Sites and our service offerings, personalize your experience, and tailor our interactions with you. Akamai has legitimate interest to personalize our interactions to provide best experiences with our Sites and services as well as provide the content of the Sites that may be of interest to you. Where legitimate interest may not serve as legal basis, Akamai will seek your consent, e.g., use of cookies that are not strictly necessary.
Product development and improvement:
We use Service Logs, Sites Logs and Device and Usage Data in the development of new products and services, to improve and implement new features and capabilities in existing products or to develop and improve our Sites. For example, Service Logs and other traffic data is used to derive and compile information relating to the type, nature, content, identity, behavior, signature, source, frequency, reputation, and other characteristics of malicious internet traffic and activity and to create aggregate reporting (i.e. reports that do not identify you or the customer). Akamai has legitimate interest in developing and improving our products, services, platform, and Sites (e.g., routing optimization, service troubleshooting, identification and mitigation of security threats on the internet) to increase customers’ satisfaction and grow our business.
Providing functionality of our Site:
We use Login Information and Credentials, Sites Logs, and Device and Usage Data to provide you with services, features, or functionality of a website, community, or portal, as requested by you.
Akamai is processing your data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract.
Providing mobile applications and social computing environments:
Akamai uses Login Information and Credentials in connection with offering mobile applications and social computing environments. Akamai makes available mobile applications for download from various mobile application marketplaces. Akamai also provides social computing tools on some of its Sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These include forums, wikis, blogs, and other social media platforms. When downloading and using these applications or registering to use these social computing tools, you are asked to provide certain personal data. Akamai is processing your data in order to take steps necessary, at your request, to enter into a contract and to perform that contract or based on consent. Registration information will be subject to and protected in accordance with this statement, except for the personal data that is automatically made available to other participants in such a social computing environment as part of your profile or settings. The processing of your personal data by these applications and tools may be subject to their respective privacy statements with specific information about personal data collection and handling practices. We recommend that you read those statements to understand how the tools and applications are processing your personal data. Any content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal data that you make available to other participants in such a social computing environment, is not subject to this Privacy Statement. Rather, such content is subject to the terms of use of the respective social computing environment, and any additional guidelines and privacy information provided in relation to its use, as well as the process by which you can remove your content from such tools or get help to do so. Please refer to the respective social computing environment to better understand yours, Akamai’s, and other parties’ rights and obligations with regard to such content. You should be aware that the content you post on any such social computing environments may be made broadly available to others inside and outside Akamai due to your profile and settings.
Providing support:
We use Contact Information and Telephone Chat Data to provide customers and partners with technical support as requested. We also use Service Logs, Sites Logs, Device and Usage Data, and Login Information and Credentials collected to troubleshoot and identify errors in our Sites as well as with our platform and services. Akamai has legitimate interest in maintaining viable and efficient business operations, services, products, platforms, and Sites. We use Live Chat Data to assist you with our Sites. In some cases we may use the telephone chat recording or live chat transcript for staff training and quality assurance purposes and in certain cases to retain evidence of a particular transaction or interaction. Akamai has legitimate interest in maintaining viable and efficient business communication.
Recruitment:
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on Akamai Sites or on a third-party platform, you provide us (either directly or through a service provider like a recruiting agency or recruitment platform) with Employment, Job History, and Applicant Data about yourself. We may use this data within Akamai in order to address your inquiry, consider you for employment purposes, or collect your feedback. Depending on local regulations, our legal basis for processing of your personal data within our recruitment process is: taking steps necessary, at your request, to enter into an employment contract; our legitimate interest in managing the recruitment process effectively and attracting the best talent for our organization; or legal obligation to process certain information as part of recruitment process or your consent. When you are providing more personal data than required for recruitment purposes in accordance with applicable laws, then please note that you are providing such data voluntarily, and Akamai’s processing of such data is based on your consent, which is given through the voluntary submission of your data. If your application is unsuccessful, Akamai may process your data for future recruitment processes based on your consent, or where applicable, our legitimate interest. When you show your general interest in working for Akamai or apply for future recruitment processes, then Akamai is processing your personal data based on your consent.
Traffic and Security analytics:
We use Service Logs, Sites Logs, Device and Usage Data and Account Data to detect and prevent potential fraud and security risks to our platform and to our visitors, and to customers and their end users, for the purpose of related traffic and security analytics,  as well as for managing access to our portal accounts for security purposes. For example, we might deny a particular IP address or set of IP addresses used to launch cyberattacks. Akamai has legitimate interest to protect the company’s networks, systems, and data as well as customers’ websites, applications, and end user’s data.
For detailed information related to purposes and legal basis to the extent we process the personal data as a “processor” or “service provider” (i.e., on behalf of our customer who is the owner of the respective website or application that you access or use), please contact Akamai’s customers or partners directly.
Additionally, we may use personal data listed in this statement to comply with our legal obligations, where applicable, or to resolve disputes and to protect or enforce our rights or claims. In case of any disputes, Akamai has legitimate interest in exercising or defending legal claims.
In all cases of data processing on the basis of our legitimate interests, Akamai considers the impact on the rights and freedoms of the individuals whose data may be part of the processing, and ensures that its processing activities do not contradict or place at unreasonable risk any such rights or freedoms.
Akamai may share personal data about you as may be necessary to complete the purpose of data processing as defined above or to fulfill legal obligation as applicable. Personal data processed by Akamai will be shared, transferred, accessed, disclosed, and preserved by other authorized entities to the extent required:
Entities within Akamai group
— Akamai is a global organization with business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cover all Akamai affiliates. As such, we share the personal data within the Akamai group to support necessary business operations, e.g., providing global services, operating global programs and initiatives, operating marketing activities, recruitment and people management, maintaining viable and efficient business operations, or supporting necessary business functions (e.g., Human Resources, Finance, customer support services).
Third-party vendors, business partners, or agents
- Your personal data may be shared with third-party vendors providing services to Akamai, business partners, or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example:
Co-Branded Promotions
— We share some Contact Information and Device and Usage Data with our business partners in order to be able to offer you co-branded products and services that may be of interest to you
Cloud Security Services
— We share Service Logs in connection with detecting and preventing potential fraud and security risks to our platform and to our visitors and customers
Protection of the Rights and Property of Akamai and Others
— We use and share the personal data you provide to protect the rights or property of Akamai, our business partners, third-party service providers, customers, or others when we have reasonable grounds to believe that such rights or property have been or could be affected
Corporate Transactions
— Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Akamai decides to sell, buy, merge, or otherwise reorganize businesses in one or more countries. In such cases, we may share the personal data collected within Akamai, with Akamai third-party service providers, or other third parties as reasonable to proceed with the negotiation or completion of a merger, acquisition, sale, or other corporate transaction
Consultancy services —
We also may share personal data with our advisors, auditors, and other third parties providing to Akamai consultancy services (e.g., tax, legal, regulatory auditing, fraud protection and credit risk reduction)
Sub-contracting services —
We use sub-processors, e.g., for the purpose of services provisioning; a
sub-processor list
for our services is available in the Privacy Trust Center
Third-party services
— We may share personal data with third-party service providers, or other third parties as reasonable to operate and achieve the purpose of data processing as described in this statement e.g., processing payments for Compute services via third-party service providers
Data processing policies and data transfer agreements govern the sharing of your data with the recipients.
Recipients within Akamai groups as well as third-party vendors, business partners, or agents must e.g., abide by our data privacy, confidentiality, and security requirements, and are prohibited from using the data for any other purposes. In all cases, Akamai will seek reasonably appropriate protections for your personal data when sharing it with third parties, and we share it only if the recipient agrees to comply with this Privacy Statement or has in place substantially similar privacy policies regarding the treatment of personal data, and only after execution of a data protection agreement or a nondisclosure agreement.
National authorities
— we use and share personal data as required to comply with applicable law or regulation, respond to proper law enforcement requests or other valid legal processes, or to comply with applicable government reporting obligations (e.g., tax authorities, social security office, consumer reporting agencies).
Akamai is a global organization with business processes, management structures, and technical systems that operate globally. As such, we share the personal data within the Akamai group and with our business partners, third-party service providers and other third parties, consistent with this policy and as permitted by applicable law (see section
Recipients of Personal Data
), and therefore may transfer your personal data to other countries where we do business (see section
Akamai’s Affiliates
).
For any international transfer, Akamai shall ensure that such recipients maintain appropriate safeguards and shall have in place required data protection terms to ensure protection of personal data to the same degree as required by Akamai and applicable data protection laws. For any geography-specific transfer mechanism (e.g., transfer outside of European Economic Area, Argentina, Brazil, UK) we have the required data transfer agreement in place. Specific for data transfers to the USA, Akamai is in addition participating in the Data Privacy Framework.  Please refer to the
Data Transfer by Akamai
section in the Akamai Privacy Trust Center for details.
Akamai maintains administrative, technical, organizational, and physical measures designed — taking into account the nature of the data and the processing, the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the potential for impact to the rights and freedoms of individuals whose data is being processed — to protect personal data in accordance with this statement and applicable laws against loss, and unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Such measures include, by way of example, encryption in transit, two-factor authentication, and strict access controls. We also require that our third-party service providers protect personal data against unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure.
A detailed overview of the technical and organizational measures Akamai has in place to secure the personal data it processes when providing its services can be checked in the
Akamai Privacy Trust Center
. Overview of certifications and attestations maintained by Akamai can be checked under
Akamai Compliance Portal
.
The retention of personal data collected depends on the purpose for which it has been collected and the systems used to process the data.
For an overview of Akamai’s processing activities and corresponding retention periods please check “More” below.
Table 3 (Retention period)
No.
Business Operations and Other Activities
Data Subject
Category of Personal Data Collected and Processed
Retention Period
1
Services provisioning
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the customer relationship.
Account Data (in case of Cloud Computing services)
Data will be retained as long as required for the business operation, security and compliance purposes.
Telephone Chat Data
Data will be retained until the purpose of processing is met.
3) Individuals accessing Akamai’s customer’s websites, applications or corporate systems (except for Cloud Computing services)
Service Logs
For security analytics data will be retained for up to 90 days in most of the cases. Where specific security events require updates of the existing algorithm, such data is retained for up to 180 days. For traffic analytics and for forensic data will be retained for up to 3 years.
4) Customer/Partner/Individuals accessing Cloud Computing services
Service Logs
Data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
2
Marketing activities
1) Customer/ prospective customer or their representative
2) Partner/ prospective partner or their representative
3) Individual interested in our services or products
Contact Information
Telephone Chat Data
Data will be retained until the purpose of processing is met.
Device and Usage Data
Data will be retained for 90 days.
In case of linode.com data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
3
Recruitment
Job applicant
Employment, Job History and Applicant Data
Data will be retained for 2 years.
4
Procurement activities
Service provider or its representative
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the business relationship.
5
Visiting Akamai Sites
Visitor to Akamai Sites/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Data will be retained as long as required for the business relationship.
Sites Logs
Device and Usage Data
Data will be retained for 90 days. Akamai Control Center portal logs will be retained for 1 year in accordance with SOX and PCI requirements.
In case of linode.com data will be retained as long as necessary for security purposes.
Login Information and Credentials
Data will be retained for as long as your account is active or to comply with statutory obligations..
Live Chat Data
Data will be retained for 2 years.
6
Visiting Akamai facilities
Visitor to Akamai facilities/ Interested individual
Contact Information
Office Visitors Data
Data will be retained for 12 months. CCTV data is stored for 30 days.
Please note that, where applicable, we will retain and use your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, exercise or defend legal claims, or enforce our agreements.
Depending on your jurisdiction or on where you live, you may have the right to request access to and correction or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning the data subject and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability or other rights as provided by applicable law. You also have the right to withdraw any consent that you may have given for the processing of personal data. You may have additional rights pursuant to your local law applicable to the processing. More information about your rights as a data subject can be found in the section
Country-Specific Information
.
You may make data subject requests by contacting us via our privacy requests forms indicated in section 1.4 above
. Please note that before Akamai is able to provide you with any access to information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete your personal data, we will ask you to verify your identity and may seek other details from you to help us to respond to your request.
If we process your data indirectly as a result of providing our services to our customers or partners (see section
Services Provisioning
) and you as end user accessing Akamai’s customers’ or partners’ websites or applications wish to exercise your data subject access rights, please contact directly the owner of the website or application who is the “controller” or “business” over your data, as we act only upon their instructions and cannot independently answer your request.
Note on Service Logs and Sites Logs: As noted above, we do not, and are not required to, collect additional information in order to positively identify any individual in most of the cases. Therefore, absent detailed and verifiable proof that a given IP address from any person requesting access to Service Logs or Sites Logs that may relate to them was actually assigned to the requestor during the time period of the request, we likely will not be able to provide any data in response to the request. If such verifiable and detailed information is available, Akamai will work with the requestor to determine if the request can reasonably be met.
For information about your rights as a data subject in the EU according to EU law please check “More” below.
According to the GDPR, you have the right to:
1) access your personal data
2) rectify your personal data
3) erase your personal data
4) restrict processing of your personal data
5) object to processing of your personal data
6) transfer your personal data
7) withdraw your consent at any time where the legal basis of Akamai’s processing is based on your consent
8) lodge a complaint to the data protection authority or Akamai’s supervisory authority (find a list of EU data protection authorities
here
). The BayLDA, Akamai’s supervisory authority offers a website to report concerns
here
.
For information about processing of personal data of individuals as required by California law please check “More” below.
The personal data we collect about you includes information within the categories defined in the table below. The categories listed are defined by California law and are designed to represent the personal data that we may have collected about individuals, and how it may have been shared over the past 12 months, if at all. We do not necessarily collect all information listed in a particular category, nor do we collect all categories of information for all individuals. We do not sell, and do not intend to sell, personal information about individuals, as defined under California state law.
Table 4 (Information for California Residents)
Category
Sources
Purpose of Collecting Information
Disclosed for a Business Purpose?
Who Shared With?
Personal Identifiers.
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier internet protocol (IP) address (if used to identify you as individual), email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support,and to fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
For job applicants, a subset of this information is used to process your application.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Information About You.
Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
For job applicants, a subset of this information is used to process your application, including to the extent we arrange travel for you to interview, or if we need to confirm right-to-work status.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Demographic Information.
Characteristics of classes protected under federal or state law, including: familial status, disability, sex, national origin, religion, color, race, sexual orientation, gender identity and gender expression, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, ancestry, source of income, age, or genetic information.
directly from you
our service providers
public records
A subset of this data is processed in connection with our operational functions as permitted by law, including for example providing customer support and fulfilling legal and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
We may also process a subset of this information as part of an employment application, including to make any accommodations for interviewing and to make you aware of any benefits you may receive.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Commercial Information
, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
directly from you
our customers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Usage Information.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
through the use of cookies and similar technologies
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
This information may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Geolocation Data.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
through the use of cookies and similar technologies
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, provide customer support, fulfill transactions and contractual obligations. It is also processed to detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and for data analytics.
It is also processed for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you through both direct and partner advertising.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
customers
Sensory Information.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
directly from you
our service providers
This data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including providing customer support (i.e., when you call into our call center, we may record the call, or, if you come into our offices to interview, you may be recorded by CCTV).
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Professional or employment-related information
, such as your job title, job history, or income.
directly from you
our customers
our service providers
what you may post on social media and job sites
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, and for human resources purposes.
It may also be used for marketing purposes, including offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Inferences
drawn from any of the above categories of information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
our service providers
A subset of this data is processed in connection with a number of our operational functions, including to provide products and services to our customers, to detect security incidents, and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
It is also processed for marketing purposes, such as offering you products that may interest you.
Yes
affiliates
service providers
Privacy Rights under California law
According to the California law, to the extent we have collected information about you on our behalf, you may have the rights regarding your personal information described below, subject to certain conditions and limitations:
1) Right to Know – You are entitled to request that we disclose to you personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the information, the purposes of collecting the information, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the information, and the categories of personal information that we have shared with third parties for a business purpose. In some instances, you have the right to receive the information about you in a portable and readily usable format. Before providing any of this information, we must be able to verify your identity.
2) Right to Opt Out – We currently do not sell personal information to third parties, nor do we intend to do so, and therefore we do not offer this option. However, we may share personal information about you with our service providers and partners as permitted by law.
3) Right to Deletion – Subject to certain conditions, you are entitled to request that we delete personal information about you. Before deleting information, we must be able to verify your identity. We will not delete personal information about you when the information is required to fulfill a legal obligation, is necessary to exercise or defend legal claims, or where we are required or permitted to retain the information by law. For example, we cannot delete information about you while continuing to provide you with certain products and services or where we are legally required to retain certain information.
If you chose to exercise any of these rights, to the extent that they apply, state law prohibits us from discriminating against you on the basis of choosing to exercise your privacy rights.
Submitting a Personal Information Request Under CCPA
You may exercise your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) by submitting a personal data request via our privacy requests forms indicated in section 1.4 above
or by calling this toll-free number, +1 877-425-2624, and selecting the “Other” option to speak to a member of our team.
Before providing information you request in accordance with these rights, we must be able to verify your identity. In order to verify your identity, we may request that you submit information about yourself, including, to the extent applicable, providing your account login credentials or other account information, answers to security questions, your name, government identification number, date of birth, contact information, or other personal identifying information. We will match any information against information we have previously collected about you to verify your identity and your request. To the extent you maintain an account with us, we may require you to log in to that account as part of submitting your request. If we are unable to verify your identity as part of your request, we will not be able to satisfy your request. We are not obligated to collect additional information in order to enable you to verify your identity. Information collected for purposes of verifying your request will only be used for verification. If you would like to appoint an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, and that agent is not already authorized to access your account in your profile, please submit a notarized special power of attorney, or a signed letter from an attorney representing you, identifying the agent and authorizing them to submit requests and receive information on your behalf. We may require you to verify your identity with us directly before we provide any requested information to your approved agent.
For information about your rights as a data subject in Brazil according to Brazilian law please check “More” below.
According to the LGPD, you have the right to:
1) confirmation of the existence of the processing
2) access the data
3) correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or out-of-date data
4) anonymization, blocking, or elimination of data that is unnecessary, excessive, or processed in noncompliance with the provisions in the LGPD
5) data portability
6) deletion of personal data that is processed with the data subject’s consent on withdrawal of that consent
7) information about public and private entities with which the controller has shared data
8) information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial
9) revocation of consent
10) oppose the processing
11) request the review of decisions made solely based on automated processing
12) lodge a complaint with a national authority
We do not knowingly collect personal data directly from children and minors (“children and minors” as defined under applicable law). Our services are not intended for children and minors and children and minors should not submit or post personal data through our services. We may collect personal data regarding children and minors from their parents or legal guardians, but only as necessary to provide our products and services to our customers and partners, however Akamai customers and partners remain responsible for personal data collection via their websites and applications and its compliance with applicable laws.
General Information
A cookie or similar tracking technology is injected into your browser to collect certain data related to the device used to access a website or application.
You can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies on our Site through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings. If you block, turn off, or otherwise reject cookies, some websites or applications may not display properly, or you will not be able to proceed using the website or application, to checkout, for instance.
Some Sites, service offerings, and services also use web beacons or other technologies to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across the Sites. When you as a visitor access these Sites, an unidentifiable notice of that visit is generated, which is processed by the site owner or by third-party service providers. These web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these Sites or use of these services, you can control the web beacons via the cookie management tool available on our Sites
or your browser settings. If you turn off cookies, web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these sites; however, they will not be associated with information otherwise stored in cookies.
Cookies on Akamai Sites (except for
linode.com
)
We collect information from your visits to our Sites in order to help us gather statistics about usage and effectiveness of our Sites, personalize your experience with our Sites, tailor our interactions with you, and provide, develop, and improve our services. We do so through the processing of transaction logs, as well as the use of various cookie technologies. We use session cookies, for example, for media performance analytics. We use persistent cookies, for example, to record your choice of language and country location. You can check the list of all cookie technologies used by Akamai Sites via the cookie management tool available on the Sites.
While Akamai’s Sites at this time do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as “do not track” instructions, you can express your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies (except for strictly necessary cookies) through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings. Please note that if you do this your user experience of our Sites may be reduced.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Sites or to display Akamai advertising on others’ websites based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please visit this
page
.
Some of our business partners set web beacons and cookies on Akamai’s Sites and mobile applications. You can also manage these third-party cookies through the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your web browser settings.
Cookies on
linode.com
Linode.com uses cookies and similar technologies to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interest; avoid showing visitors the same advertisements repeatedly; compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow to understand how users use the site and to help improve the structure of the site. For details about cookies used at linode.com please refer to the cookie policy available at
https://www.linode.com/legal-cookies/
.
Cookies in Akamai Services
For certain Akamai Services we use cookie technology. We collect information from your interactions with our services or our customers’ service offerings, sites and applications, in order to help us to provide, develop and improve our services. Many Akamai services that you interact with via our customer services use session and persistent cookies in order to provide the service functionality. Examples of the purposes for use of various cookies include determining whether a given interaction is with a human or a “bot,” identifying attempts to bypass security settings, identifying devices that already have been authenticated, web performance analytics, media analytics, and similar necessary service functions. Such cookies are developed based on privacy by design principle, and do not identify individuals nor track them. For example, the domain
go-mpulse.net
or akstat.io used for web performance analytics does not collect, retain, or share any data regarding a particular user or device (including IP addresses and user identifiers) on sites or applications not owned by Akamai, nor does it identify nor track a particular user or device.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or the cookie management tool offered by our customers, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to benefit fully from the capabilities of services or applications used by our customers.
Cookies used to provide Akamai security services are classified as strictly necessary cookies for the performance of the services you are requesting. To not undermine the purpose of the services, to protect the personal data submitted by you when using our customers’ web services and products, and to make the internet a safer place, we do not have to offer an opt-out mechanism for the security cookies. If we do, malicious actors would opt out and thereby prevent the detection of their malicious activities.
We offer cookie management options depending on our customers’ classification. Details are available in
Akamai Control Center
or via the responsible Akamai Sales Account representative.
Web Beacons in Marketing Communication
We include web beacons in marketing email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and links contained within have been clicked on and count the number of times that the advertisements and web-based email content are viewed.
We use Adobe Analytics, a web analysis service of Adobe Inc, (345 Park Avenue, San Jose, CA 95110, USA; “Adobe”), for our Sites.
Adobe Analytics uses cookies which generate information about your use of our Sites. List of Adobe Analytic cookies used on our Sites can be checked in the cookie management tool available on our Sites
. Adobe Analytics will collect the following data: IP address, usage information, location data. Akamai has enabled IP Obfuscation option which turns IP addresses into non-recognizable strings and original IP addresses are permanently lost.
Data gathered in connection with the use of Adobe Analytics will be used by Akamai to perform analytics on our Sites to better understand how you use our Sites and optimize and adapt it to the needs of website visitors. Data will be collected via servers hosted in Amazon Web Services Inc.’s locations that are closest to the website visitor’s location and will be transferred and stored on Adobe servers in the USA.
For more information on how Adobe collects and uses information in connection with its services please see
Adobe Privacy Policy
in
Adobe Privacy Center
. You may opt-out of data collection and use by Adobe Analytics in connection with your use of the Sites via the cookie management tool available on our Sites or your browser settings.
In addition, third-party social media widgets (e.g., Facebook’s “Share” or “Like” button), the playing of videos embedded on our Sites and operated by third-party video-sharing providers (e.g., YouTube), and surveys linked to from our Sites and operated by third-party providers (e.g., SurveyMonkey), may log certain information such as your IP address, browser type and language, access time, and referring web site addresses, and, if you are logged in to those social media sites, they may also link such collected information with profile information they may have about you. We do not control these third-party tracking technologies. Please make yourself familiar with the usage of these third-party web beacons and cookies, and read their privacy statements to understand their data collection practices and the choices offered to you (e.g., for
YouTube
).
Depending upon your privacy settings with the social media service providers, we may be able to collect information from your profile set up for their social media services when you interact with the widgets.
We may include applications (or “widgets”) from third-party social media offerings that allow you to follow or interact with us on social media platforms. These widgets, such as a Facebook “Share” or “Like” button, are visible to you on the Sites you visit. When you use these widgets or when you are logged in to those platforms, the respective social media providers may be able to collect information about your use of the Sites. Please view the applicable social media network’s privacy policy to better understand their data collection practices and choices they make available to you. The privacy policy of the social media network controls the collection, use, and disclosure of all personal information transmitted to that network.
Please note that applicable laws and business operations change, so we reserve the right to update this Privacy Statement at any time. If we are going to use your personal data in a manner different from that what is stated in this Privacy Statement at the time of collection, we will notify you, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we can use your personal data in such a way. We recommend that you check this Privacy Statement regularly to familiarize yourself with Akamai’s practices and to be aware of any material changes.
To see the change history to this Privacy Statement please check “More” below.
Date of change
Change description
May 15, 2018
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
Added descriptions of privacy practices associated with data processed as part of Akamai service offerings.
January 1, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet the requirements of the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).
Added descriptions of privacy practices associated with data collected as part of Akamai service offerings.
July 1, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to meet cookie law requirements.
Added clarification that cookies used by Akamai services do not track individuals.
December 23, 2020
The Akamai Privacy Statement was restructured to ensure more transparency for data subjects and updated to include recent changes to data protection requirements, e.g., international data transfer.
January 11, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from Brexit.
Main EU establishment and Supervisory Authority were changed to Germany.
April 6, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially updates to legal bases for processing activities and retention periods.
August 25, 2021
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially addition of new Adobe Analytics tool on Akamai website, distinction between opt out and deletion request, and to provide a comprehensive document describing Akamai’s processing activities as a controller.
April 30, 2022
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from removal of Google Analytics from Akamai website.
December 15, 2022
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to cover the entities, including their data processing practices, acquired by Akamai Technologies Inc.
July 21, 2023
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to cover the participation of Akamai Technologies, Inc. in the Data Privacy Framework.
October 3, 2023
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to include changes resulting from removal of Google Analytics at linode.com.
November 12, 2024
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to stress that Akamai does not sell personal data under applicable privacy law.
December 10, 2024
The Akamai Privacy Statement was updated to to include changes resulting from current processing practices, especially adjusting of terminology across Akamai privacy documentation and retention periods.
Your cookie choices for this website
We use cookies to ensure the fast reliable and secure operation of this website, to improve your website experience, to enable certain social media interactions and to manage your cookie choices. Some cookies process personal data. By agreeing to the placement of the cookies you also agree to the related personal data processing activities, where applicable. Click “Manage Preferences” to make individual choices and get details on the cookies in use and the processing activities in the Cookie Details section, click “Accept Cookies” to agree to the storing of all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies and the data processing activities or click “Reject Cookies” to reject all cookies except for strictly necessary cookies. You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking on the Cookie Icon that appears at the lower left corner when scrolling the website. For additional information relating to your privacy take a look at our
Privacy Statement.
Accept Cookies
Manage Preferences
Reject Cookies