POIZON Privacy Policy
Last Updated: February 24, 2025
POIZON (“
POIZON
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy (“
Policy
”). This Policy sets out the ways in which we collect, use and disclose information that relates to you (“
Personal Data
”), as well as the rights and choices you may have with respect to your Personal Data. This Policy applies to your use of our website at https://www.poizon.com/ (“
Site
”), our POIZON – Sneakers & Apparel mobile applications
(“
App
”), and through accessing any other websites, pages, features or content owned and operated by POIZON that direct to this Privacy Policy (“
Content
,” and, collectively, including the Site and Apps, the “
Platform
” or “
Services
”).
By accessing, visiting, or using our Services, you acknowledge this Policy and agree to our
Terms of Use
(https://www.poizon.com/protocol/terms-of-service).
If you are not comfortable with any part of this Policy or do not agree with the Terms of Use, please immediately discontinue access or use of our Services.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please review the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page to determine when this Privacy Policy was last modified. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the “Last Updated” date indicated above. If and when we make a material change, such as if we take an action that would restrict privacy choices that you currently have, we will notify you as required by applicable law.
We may also provide “just-in-time” pop-up disclosure notifications or additional information about our information collection, use, and sharing practices of specific Services. These notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or provide you with additional choices about how we process your Personal Data.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
I.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
II.
USE OF PERSONAL DATA
III.
DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
IV.
RETENTION
V.
YOUR CHOICES AND PRIVACY RIGHTS
VI.
SPECIAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
VII.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
VIII.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND CONTENT
IX.
MINORS
X.
SECURITY MEASURES
XI.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
XII.
SELLING ON POIZON
XIII.
BUYING ON POIZON
XIV.
HOW TO CONTACT US
I. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We collect certain Personal Data when you use our Services. Personal Data is typically data that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, though the definition of Personal Data depends on the applicable law where you are located. Only the definition that applies to your physical location will apply to you under this Policy. The Personal Data that we collect depends on your interactions with us, and the choices you make.
The Personal Data that we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, will depend on how you interact with us and the Platform. Such Personal Data broadly falls into the following categories:
Information That You Voluntarily Provide to Us:
The types of Personal Data that we or third-party service providers who assist us (in providing, maintaining, and operating our business and Services) collect from you include:
Account Registration.
We may collect information relating to the creation of an account, such as your email address and phone number. We also collect account information from third parties such as Apple, Google, and Facebook, based on your authorization. We combine such account information with your POIZON account so that you may login and access our Services directly through your third-party account.
Account Personalization.
We may collect your profile picture, nickname, gender, and date of birth. Your nickname and profile picture will be publicly displayed, should you provide them.
Seller Account Registration
. We may collect your first and last name, phone number, email address, region/country.
Seller Order Placement
. We may collect your information when you sell your goods through our Services, including, for example, your first and last name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, geo-location, and third-party payment information.
Buyer Order Placement.
We are PCI-DSS certified, and we comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard when processing your payment card information. We may collect your Personal Data when you place an order through our Services, including, for example, your first and last name, delivery address, postal code, email address, phone number, and payment account or credit card information.
Customer Support.
When you engage with our support team and customer support providers, we may collect records, copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), or additional information you choose to share with us.
Promotions and Feedback
. We may collect information relating to your voluntary participation in a promotion or survey that we may ask you to complete for research purposes.
Newsletter Sign-ups.
You may choose to provide us your email address if you wish to receive promotional emails from us with news and exclusive offers.
Device Permissions and Third-Party Services.
We may collect information relating to your use of features of our Services that may ask you to grant us access to location information, photos, microphone, video camera, or media on your computer or mobile device.
Social Media.
When you interact with our Services or accounts on a social media platform, we may collect the information that you or the platform make available to us on that page or account, including your social media account ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, your profile picture, email address, friends list or information about the people and groups you are connected to and how you interact with them, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you follow our POIZON social media accounts, we may interact with you through comments and/or direct messages. When you follow our Discord group, we may also regularly post advertisements in the group.
If you are a Buyer
, we will ask you to provide the following Personal Data:
Region and language.
When you use our Platform, we will ask you to select your region and language to provide you with the relevant Services.
Registration and profile information.
When you create an account on our Platform, we will collect your name, email address or phone number, and a password. You may also provide optional profile information such as your age and shopping preferences.
Purchase Information.
Details of the products you purchased or services you used, such as the product images you provided when using the Platform's authentication service.
Payment Information.
Credit card or similar payment information that you intend to purchase with; billing and delivery address. Payment information is collected through a third- party payment gateway and we do not store payment card information. Depending on your jurisdiction, you may also need to provide additional information related to customs and taxes, for example a VAT ID.
Social Media Information.
Where you are a certified blogger or influencer for us, information such as your contact and social media account/blog information.
Events and sweepstakes.
If you enter an event or sweepstakes sponsored by us, you may provide us with your name, date of birth, mailing address and e-mail address. If you enter through a social media platform, you will provide your social media handle and potentially other Personal Data as part of your entry.
Surveys and reviews.
If you have chosen to receive marketing messages from us, we may contact you to participate in surveys about the Services or provide product or service reviews. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide Personal Data.
Identity Verification Information.
Under certain circumstances and in accordance with various regulations, we may need to further verify your identity. To do this, we may request that you provide government photo identification, additional data such as Tax identification number, Bank account and/or a live photo to our identity verification provider, which can confirm the data provided. It is also the case that when you register with a phone number and/or email, a verification code will be sent to you to validate your account registration information.
Correspondence Information.
Such as your correspondence relating to a customer service department, chat service, telephone or email.
If you are a Seller, in addition to the above information, we will also ask you to provide:
Seller information.
Your corporate registration and business licenses. To utilize certain features on our Platform, Sellers may be required to provide Date of Birth and other identity verification information. In addition, Sellers must provide payout information including date of birth, address, and bank account, bank card, or digital payment services account information (e.g., Paypal). This information is collected through a third-party payment gateway, and we do not store payment card information. We may additionally require a government identification number (e.g., VAT ID, SSN) to satisfy tax or information reporting obligations.
Product Information.
Details of the goods and products you intend to sell via the Platform.
Questionnaire Information.
Such as any response to questionnaires for market research/analytics which you choose to partake in which can include gender, date of birth, annual income range.
In limited circumstances, depending on applicable law where you are located or reside, we may also collect “sensitive personal information”, such as your Social Security Number when you are an individual seller on our Platform. Where we collect sensitive personal information, we do so either with your consent or because it is necessary to provide the Services to you (e.g., seller payout information), to fulfill a legal requirement (e.g., tax reporting), or to prevent and detect fraud on the platform. In some cases, provision of your Personal Data may be necessary to provide you with our Services. In these cases, if you fail to provide certain Personal Data when requested, we may be required to suspend your access to our Services.
Information That We Collect Automatically from Your Use of Our Platform:
To the extent permitted under applicable law, we may automatically collect certain types of information about you when you use the Site or interact with the Services. This includes:
Usage Data.
When you access our Services, we automatically collect log data such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, domain names, referring and exit pages and URLs, pages viewed and the order of these page views, the date and time you access our servers, and other diagnostic data.
Device Information.
When you use your desktop or mobile devices to access our Services, we may be able to identify your device’s unique device identifier, MAC address, operating system, browser time zone or your mobile device’s advertising ID.
Location Information.
When you use our Services, we may infer the generic physical location and geographic regions of your device from your Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and other device settings. For example, your IP address may indicate your general geographic region. Upon your permission,
we may collect your mobile device’s location.
You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile or desktop device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.
Interactions with our marketing messages
, such as when you click on a link in an email.
Interactions with our advertising partners
, including the advertisements you were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action, such as clicking on an advertisement or making a purchase.
Other information we derive or infer about you
based on your browsing and buying activity information and other information we have collected about you.
Information That We Receive from Third Parties:
We also collect Personal Data about you from third parties and other sources. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Services. We collect the following Personal Data from the following categories of third parties:
Social Media Profile Information.
This may differ depending on which social media platform you are using (such as Google, Facebook, Apple or Twitter) and your privacy settings within the social media account but generally this will include your basic public profile information such as your social media user ID, email address, nickname or account name; your social media profile picture; country and company name (if applicable).
Compliance Information.
We may receive Personal Data about you from our third- party service providers that we engage to confirm users’ identities and prevent fraud on the Services.
II. USE OF PERSONAL DATA
We collect and use your Personal Data for the following purposes:
Setting up / administering Buyer and Seller accounts,
including providing log-in IDs and setting up payment / transaction accounts.
Providing/supporting service-related communications,
processing transactions (including authentication services) and payments, and notifying you about changes to our Services.
Providing customer service support,
such as responding to your queries, feedback and managing claims and/or disputes.
Assessing and monitoring account security and transaction risks
, such as detecting and preventing fraud, money laundering and other security incidents.
Sending and serving tailored marketing and advertising that we believe will be of interest to you
based on the ways in which you use the Platform, your browsing records, and order history. You can opt-out of further marketing at any time by managing your account settings or selecting the “unsubscribe” link at the end of our marketing and promotional update communications to you.
Conducting research and analytics to ensure the security of our Platform,
to improve the content and layout of the Platform, and to improve our Platform, product offerings and services.
Conducting internal operations,
including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
Personalizing your experience,
to enable you to interact with our Services more easily across platforms and devices.
Facilitating corporate acquisitions, mergers and transactions,
as is necessary in the context of corporate acquisitions, mergers or other corporate transactions.
Maintaining legal and regulatory compliance,
for example, processing your Personal Data to pay our taxes, to fulfill our business obligations, or as necessary to manage risk as required under applicable law, or to respond to requests by judicial process or governmental agencies.
With your consent,
for any other purpose disclosed to you prior to you providing us your information or which is reasonably necessary to provide the services or other related services requested, with your permission or upon your direction.
III. DISCLOSURE OR SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA
We disclose/share Personal Data with Third party partners and service providers and/or affiliates engaged by or working with us to assist us in providing services to you or who otherwise process Personal Data for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or notified to you when we collect your Personal Data. Categories of these partners and service providers include:
POIZON group entities.
Any member of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company, and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of Personal Data.
Service providers.
We also disclose your Personal Data to service providers that perform services on our behalf, including cloud providers, shipping carriers, customs clearance agency, software services providers, identity verification services, warranty service providers, customer service support providers, third party rating / reviewing service providers, payment service providers, etc.
Marketing and advertising partners,
such as Google, Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, and providers of analytics services relating to users’ behavior such as Appsflyer, so that they may tailor the content you see when visiting our Platform for analytics and/or advertising purposes. These partners may combine information they collect on our Platform with data on their platforms and data they collect from other websites or through other sources in order to conduct targeted advertising. The processing activities of these third parties marketing platforms are governed by their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.
Our business partners,
including analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Services.
Merger, sale, or other asset transfers.
In connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, but only to the extent that your Personal Data is necessary for such transactions, in which case we will comply with applicable legal requirements when processing your Personal Data.
As required by law and similar disclosures.
If we are under a duty to disclose your Personal Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, regulation, process or governmental request, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and other agreements with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations, including law enforcement agencies, for the purposes of fraud protection, tax reporting, and to prevent cyber or other suspected or alleged crime; Government entities, such as customs and duties officials.
To any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
Such as other users (where you post information publicly or as otherwise necessary to affect a transaction initiated or authorized by you through the Services); Social media services (if you intentionally interact with them through your use of the Services); Third-party business partners that you access through the Services.
We do not sell your Personal Data in so far as the term “sale” is commonly understood to be an exchange for monetary consideration. However, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) or other privacy laws depending on where you are located, our sharing of information for targeted advertising uses could be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Data to third parties.
IV. RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so, to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymize it, or if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. How long your data is kept for will also depend on how you use our website (for example if you are logged in as a member or you are visiting our website as a guest) and what the information you provide to us is used for. In other instances, the period of retention may be determined according to your activity on the Platform or to comply with a specific arbitration period/resolve a dispute.
We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our Services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes.
V. YOUR CHOICES AND PRIVACY RIGHTS
Depending on applicable law where you are located or reside, you may be able to assert certain rights identified below with respect to your Personal Data. If any of the rights listed below are not provided to you under the law that governs the processing of your Personal Data, we have absolute discretion in providing you with those rights. Please refer to the table below to determine the rights you have in your jurisdiction.
Your rights in relation to your Personal Data are not absolute. Depending upon the applicable law (please see the chart below listing different U.S. states), certain of your rights may be denied: (a) when denial of access is required or authorized by law; (b) when granting access would have a negative impact on another's privacy; (c) to protect our rights and properties; or (d) where the request is frivolous or vexatious, or for other reasons.
Your privacy rights may include the following:
a)
Right to Know/Access.
You may have the right to obtain a copy, or a list of categories of the information that we hold about you, as well as other supplementary information, such as the purposes of processing, and the entities to whom we disclose your Personal Data.
b)
Right to Correct.
You may have the right to correct any of your Personal Data in our records and systems. You may request us to rectify, correct or update any of your information by us that is inaccurate. In addition to the methods described below, you can correct your information through your account settings.
c)
Right to Delete.
Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to request that we delete the Personal Data that we hold about you. This right is not absolute, and we may refuse such a request if there are compelling legitimate grounds for keeping your Personal Data, for legitimate purposes, or as required by law. In addition, in the event your deletion request is honored, we may retain a record of your deletion request as required under applicable law.
d)
Right to Portability.
You may have the right to receive a copy of the information we have collected about you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
e)
Right to Opt-Out Sale / Right to Opt-Out of Sharing for Targeted Advertising.
You may have the right to opt-out of: (i) the sale of your Personal Data; and/or (ii) the sharing of your Personal Data for targeted advertising.
While we do not sell your Personal Data for money, like many websites, we use cookies, pixels, and similar technology, and we make available certain information, such as your IP address or device identifiers, to certain third-party advertisers in order to improve your user experience and to optimize our marketing activities. Under some state privacy laws’ broad definition of “sell,” this could be considered a sale, or it could be considered “sharing” of your Personal Data for targeted, cross-context behavioral advertising purposes.
You have the right to direct us not to sell or share your Personal Data to third parties, and to direct us not to share or use your information for targeted advertising purposes. To exercise your right to opt-out, please submit a request by visiting Privacy Center at https://www.poizon.com/user/privacy, or by emailing us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
You may also revoke your consent at any time to data collection via cookies and similar tracking technologies by changing your cookie preferences through your web browser, as described in the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section below.
f)
Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data.
If you are a California resident, to the extent your sensitive personal information, as that term is defined under California privacy law, is used to infer characteristics about you, you have the right to object to our processing of your sensitive personal information. For the avoidance of doubt, we do collect your Social Security information (“
SSN
”) only for verification purposes, but do not create any inferences about you based on the SSN without your consent. We do not process any other sensitive personal information to infer characteristics about you without your consent.
g)
Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling.
You may have the right not to be subject to a decision which significantly impact your rights that is based solely on automated processing of Personal Data (where a decision is taken about you using an electronic system without human involvement). No decision will be made by us about you solely on the basis of automated decision making which has a significant impact on you.
h)
Right Against Discrimination.
You may have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.
i)
Right to Appeal.
In certain jurisdictions, you may have the right to appeal if we refuse to take action on your rights request. Instructions on how to appeal will be provided to you upon such a denial, but in any event, such instructions will be substantially similar to those provided below for submitting requests.
As mentioned above, depending on where you are located, you may be able to assert certain rights with respect to your personal data. To determine which rights you have, please refer to the table below that references the rights as described above in the Privacy Rights Section.
To the extent your location is not listed, please email us at Privacy@poizon.com.
Under applicable laws, your rights vary depending on where you reside, but we make efforts to honor requests for access/portability, deletion, and correction from all users, regardless of where they live. If you wish to exercise above rights as a user of our Platform, please contact Privacy@poizon.com.
California Residents：
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct; (c) Right to
Delete; (d) Right to Portability; (e) Right to Opt-Out of Sale /
Right to Opt-Out of Sharing for Targeted Advertising; (f) Right to
Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal data; (g) Right to Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling (upon issuance of regulations by the California Privacy Protection Agency); and (h) Right Against Discrimination.
Virginia, Colorado,
Connecticut, Oregon, Texas, and Montana Residents：
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct; (c) Right to
Delete; (d) Right to Portability; (e) Right to Opt-Out of Sale /Right to Opt-Out of Sharing for Targeted Advertising; (g) Right to
Opt-Out of Automated Decision-making or Profiling; (h) Right Against Discrimination; and (i) Right to
Appeal.
Utah Residents：
(a) Right to Know/Access; (b) Right to Correct; (c) Right to Delete; (d) Right to
Portability; (e) Right to Opt-Out of Sale / Right to Opt-Out of
Sharing for Targeted Advertising; and (h) Right Against Discrimination.
Any location, including those listed above：
(b) Right to Correct;
(i) right to unsubscribe from marketing communications.
Submitting a Request to Exercise Your Rights
Other Rights
.
You may exercise your rights by emailing us at privacy@poizon.com with the subject line “Privacy Rights Request.”
Once you have submitted your request, we will respond within the time frame permitted by the applicable law. Please note that we may charge a reasonable fee for multiple requests in the same 12-month period, as permitted by law.
Identify Verification.
Before fulfilling your request, we are required by law to have you verify the Personal Data we already have on file to confirm your identity. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information we have on file, we may request additional information from you, which we will only use to verify your identity, and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.
Authorized Agent
.
Residents of California, Colorado and Connecticut may use an authorized agent to submit a rights request on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf, we will require you to directly verify your identity with us, or have you directly confirm with us that the authorized agent has been authorized to act on your behalf.
Appealing Requests.
If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident, you may appeal our decision to your request regarding your Personal Data. To do so, please email us at privacy@poizon.com. We respond to all appeal requests as soon as we reasonably can, and no later than legally required.
VI. SPECIAL NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
If you are a California resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of this Privacy Policy. The California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (together, the “CCPA”) requires us to disclose the following additional information related to our privacy practices.
Categories of Personal Data Collected, Used, and Disclosed
In the preceding 12 months, depending how you interact with our Services, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Data (as defined under Cal. Civ. Code §1798.140(v)(1)):
Identifiers
such as a name, address, unique personal identifier, email, phone number, your device’s IP address, software, and identification numbers associated with your devices;
Commercial information
such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered by you, transaction records, and payment information;
Internet or other electronic information
regarding you browsing history, search history, the webpage visited before you came to our Site, length of visit and number of page views, click-stream data, locale preferences, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, and system configuration information;
Geolocation data
, to the extent you have configured your device to permit us to collect such information;
Audio or Visual information
, such as audio recordings of your voice to the extent you call us, as permitted under applicable law; and
Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above
, such as your shopping preferences, characteristics, and behavior.
For more information about the Personal Data we collect and how we collect it, please refer to Section 2 above.
Purposes for Collecting and Using Categories of Personal Data
We collect and use your Personal Data for the following business purposes:
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage or similar services;
Providing advertising and marketing services;
Auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;
Helping to ensure security and integrity;
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Short-term, transient use, such as non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with us; and
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.
For more information about the purpose of collecting and using the categories of personal data listed above, please refer to Section 4 above.
Shine the Light
In addition to the CCPA, California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California residents asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal data to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal data of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if a California customer has exercised an option to opt out of such information sharing. If you want to opt out of any such sharing of your information, please contact us using the information below.
Do Not Track
Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, since uniform standards for “DNT" signals have not been adopted, we do not disable tracking technology that may be active on the Sites in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser.
VII. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We may automatically collect information from you when you use the Site using “cookies” and other similar technologies, such as web beacons (“
Tracking Technologies
”), to automatically collect information about you when you use the Site and to personalize your experience with our Services. We and third-party businesses on our behalf, may use Tracking Technologies to help us customize your experience and better manage content on our Sites,
Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer’s Internet browser and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit so that they can recognize the same browser navigating online at a later time. Information that may be collected by cookies when you use the Site may include, without limitation: the pages you visit within the Site; the date and time of your visit to the Site; the amount of time you spend using the Site; the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; and/or your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.
Generally, we use first-party and third-party cookies for the following purposes: to make our Services function properly; to provide a secure browsing experience during your use of our Services; to collect passive information about your use of our Services; to measure how you interact with our marketing campaigns; to help us improve our Services; and to remember your preferences for your convenience.
You may update your web browser’s ability to accept third party cookies from within the browser settings.
You may find instructions below for the following browsers:
Google Chrome：https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en-GB
Internet Explorer
：https://www.microsoft.com/zh-cn/privacy/privacystatement#maincookiessimilartechnologiesmodule
Mozilla Firefox：https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer
Safari：https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Android Browser：https://support.google.com/nexus/answer/54068?visit_id=638617701529045113-898353638&hl=en&rd=1
Opera：https://www.opera.com/zh-cn/secure-private-browser
Please note that we set our own first-party cookies and related technology as well (i.e., cookies, pixels and Javascript tags set from our Site’s own domain), in order to better understand how our Services are used and also to provide you contextual recommendations.
For example, if you look at several pairs of sneakers from the same sneaker brand, we may show you more recommendations for sneakers and products from that brand, in hopes that we are showing you something of particular interest to you to improve your overall user experience.
We may also place cookies from third-party service providers who may use information about your visits to other websites to target advertisements for products and services available from us. We do not control the types of information collected and stored by these third-party cookies. You should check the third-party's website for more information on how they use cookies. We use the following types of cookies on our Services:
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are essential because they enable you to use our Services. For example, strictly necessary cookies allow you to access secure areas on our Services. Without these cookies, some services cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you for marketing purposes. This category of cookies is essential for our Services to work, and they cannot be disabled.
Functional Cookies.
We use functional cookies to remember your choices so we can tailor our Services to provide you with enhanced features and personalized content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your name or preferences on our Services. We do not use functional cookies to target you with online marketing.
Performance or Analytic Cookies.
We may work with third-party analytics services to help us understand how the Site is being used, such as tracking the frequency and duration of use of the Site. We may use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect information about your use of the Site. Google and these analytics services may use cookies to collect information about the content you view, what websites you visit immediately prior to and after visiting the Site, and your system information and geographic information. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the Site will be transmitted to and stored by the applicable analytics services. The information collected by these analytics services allows us to analyze your use of the Site.
Advertising or Targeting Cookies.
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. Our third-party advertising partners may use these cookies to build a profile of your interests and deliver relevant advertising on other sites.
VIII. THIRD PARTY LINKS AND CONTENT
The Services may include links to other third party websites and content from third party businesses. POIZON does not have access to or control over these third parties or the cookies, web beacons or other technology that these third parties may use on their own digital properties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties or the content on any third-party website. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit and of the advertisers whose ads you may choose to click while on our Services.
In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a promotion on or through our Services and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the sponsor or operator of the promotion, we have no control over the information collected and, before participating, you should review the official rules as well as the advertiser's or the sponsor's privacy policy applicable to the promotion. All of our promotions are intended for people who are the age of majority in their respective state, province or country unless otherwise expressly stated.
IX. MINORS
Our Services are not intended for children under age 18. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal data that we collect directly from children under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and wish to have that information modified or deleted, you may contact us via the method identified in the “
How to Contact Us
” section below. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal data, we will terminate the user’s access to our Service and take steps to delete such information from our systems, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it.
X. SECURITY MEASURES
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent unauthorized access to the Site, to maintain data accuracy and to ensure the correct use of the information we hold.
We are PCI-DSS certified, and we comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard when processing your payment card information. We do not collect or store the credit or debit card or other payment information that you provide in the context of the Services. Payments made on the Services using a credit or debit card are made directly through a third-party payment gateway provider. We do not collect or store Personal Data that you may provide to our identity verification service providers. Personal Data that you supply to third parties is not within our control and is subject to those third parties’ privacy policies and terms of service.
For registered users of the Platform, some of your information can be viewed and edited through your account, which is protected by a password. It is your responsibility to keep your password secure and confidential. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. We have instructed our personnel to never ask you for your password. If you share a computer with others, you should not save your log-in information on that shared computer. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.
Upon becoming aware of a data breach, we will notify you and the regulatory authorities in accordance with the timescales and scope required by applicable data protection law.
XI. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA
In connection with providing the services through our Platform, we will store your personal data processed through the Platform in Singapore. There will also be international transfers of your information between Singapore and mainland China, mainly for back up and data center storage. Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or regulations, we take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your personal data are bound to duties of confidentiality, and we implement appropriate measures to ensure your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws.
XII. SELLING ON POIZON
When you choose to sell items on POIZON, we collect and process your Personal Data to facilitate transactions and ensure compliance with our platform's security and operational standards. After registering for an account as a seller, we will arrange for professional consultants to contact you through your phone number and email to learn about you as a seller or vendor’s willingness to enter our Services and provide relevant suggestions.
Product Listing and Order Management
. Sellers list products on our Services by providing product details, images, and pricing information. We may collect and store this data to display your listings to potential buyers. Once an item is sold, we collect shipping information and order details to ensure proper handling and delivery. If you opt to fill in your waybill number by scanning a code, we will request access to the photo album on your device (or storage and access permission, if photos are stored in an external storage device) and camera permissions.
Authentication Process
. Some items sold on POIZON, depending on the item’s brand, are subject to a verification process. For more information, please visit our “Online Authentication” webpage here:
https://www.poizon.com/authentication/home.
Data Sharing and Security
. Your Personal Data may be shared with our authentication partners and logistics providers strictly for the purposes of validating the product and ensuring secure shipping. We employ encryption and other security measures to protect your information during these transactions.
Payment.
We will make payment to you through Stripe or another payment processor that we identify to you. Your use of Stripe (or our related services) for payment shall comply with relevant service regulations of Stripe. Stripe will collect your personal data when providing payment services to you, please refer to Stripe’s privacy policy for details.
If you violate our Terms of Use when selling commodities on our Websites or Services, we will deduct the agreed-upon amount of a default fine from your credit card through Paypal, Airwallex or Stripe. Your use of these payment services shall comply with the terms of use of Paypal, Airwallex or Stripe. Paypal. Airwallex or Stripe will
collect Personal Data when providing payment services to you, so please refer to their privacy policies.
XIII. BUYING ON POIZON
When you purchase items on POIZON, we handle your Personal Data to process orders, secure payments, and facilitate delivery in a safe and efficient manner.
Order Placement and Payment
. To complete a purchase, you provide personal details such as your name, shipping address, and payment information. We may use and share this information with third-party service providers, including payment processors and logistics companies, solely to execute your transaction and deliver the product. Payment information is encrypted and handled according to industry standards.
Authentication and Product Verification
. We use your order and shipping information to keep you informed of the authentication status and delivery timeline. For more information, see our “Online Authentication” page here: https://www.poizon.com/authentication/home.
Shipping and Returns
. We share your contact and address details with our logistics partners to facilitate prompt and secure delivery of your purchase. In the case of a return request, we collect and use information related to your order to process your request and communicate with you regarding the return status. Certain items may be excluded from our return policy, as outlined in our Terms of Use.
Refunds
. When you get a refund or compensation, we need to use platform system to record your POIZON bank card information, third-party payment information, real name and transaction amount for the transfer of refund or compensation. Your use of the payment service of Stripe shall comply with relevant service regulations of it. Stripe will collect your personal data when providing payment service for you, please refer to its Privacy Policy for details.
XIV. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding any information in this Policy or our practices and policies related to Personal Data, please contact us at privacy@poizon.com.
The entity responsible for the processing of your Personal Data is:
POIZON HOLDING PTE. LTD.
6 RAFFLES QUAY #14-06 SINGAPORE 048580