Smartnest
Toggle navigation
English
Español
Deutsch
Française
Português
Italiano
हिंदी
日本語
Smartnest
Privacy policy
Hello, thank you for checking out our Privacy Policy
Here you can find an overview of the main principles of collecting and protecting personal and other data
        (“Privacy Policy”) by Smartnest (“we” or “us”), we take your privacy seriously and therefore this Privacy Policy
        has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personal data is being used. By using
        or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in
        this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the
        following ways.
By submitting the registration form in Portal or Mobile app, you grant to us, in accordance with Act no.
        101/2000 Coll., about personal data protection and on the amendment of several other acts, as amended (“Act“),
        your consent with the processing of personal data provided in compliance with the Terms of Use and this Privacy
        Policy, for the Purposes (as defined below). We are obliged to protect all and any your data acquired during
        registration, in compliance with the Act. However, we may be legally required to provide the data we collect and
        process to (i) state administrative authorities, (ii) courts, (iii) law enforcement authorities, etc. in cases
        of compelled disclosure. The provision of data is voluntary. The consent is given for the duration of your
        registration on the Service.
What personal information do we collect from you?
When registering on our web site or mobile application,you may be asked to enter your name, email address or
        other details to configure and personalize the experience. During this registration we record your name,
        username, e-mail, password in an encrypted form.
For what purpose do we collect the provided data?
The provided personal data are collected in particular for the purpose of:
Identification of the user of Portal or Mobile app while registering or using the Service;
Customization of Dashboards and tools.
In addition, we may use your personal data in order to:
Provide you the Service;
Confirm or correct personal data;
Help us run our business and compliance programs;
Audit our business.
We implement a variety of technical and organizational security measures to maintain the safety of your personal
        information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks protected by up-to-date antivirus
        software with a password-protected access to the storage and is only accessible by a limited number of persons
        who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Cookies
What are cookies and what kind of cookies do we use? Cookies are small data files, which enable visited websites
        to remember operations and settings performed by individual users therefore it is not necessary to enter the
        data repeatedly. Cookies are saved on the user's computer through the web browser. They are used to help us
        understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with
        improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction
        so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
        You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or
        you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings.
        Since every browser is different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the
        correct way to modify your cookies. However if you opt for turning the cookies off, some parts of the website
        may not work properly.
Third-party disclosure
Third-party disclosure
        We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal data.
        However, your name, username, e-mail and device properties may be accessible by the users you share you select
        to share your devices with.
        Also if you register a device from a manufacturer different than yourself, this manufacturer keeps the
        information about the status of the device and its properties, in order to offer you better support in case you
        have any inconvenience with the device
How long do we process your data?
We process all personal data while you have your account active, you can delete your account in the Account
        section and all your data will be removed from our servers as the legal regulations require.

        When can you find more information or contact us?
        If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the
        information below.
        https://www.Smartnest.cz
        contact@smartnest.cz
Your rights
You have the right to ask us to provide you with information regarding the processing
        of your personal data, and the information shall be provided to you without undue
        delay. We may ask for reasonable reimbursement for the provision of such
        information in an amount that does not exceed the costs necessary for providing the
        information.
        You have the right to access and correct your personal data, to request clarification
        or remedying of the situation by us (e.g. blocking, correction, completion or
        liquidation of the personal data) if you find or believe that we process the personal
        data in a manner incompatible with the protection of your personal and private life or
        in breach of the law, as well as the right to appeal directly to the Office for Personal
        Data Protection in case of violation of your rights.
        You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the
        lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. However, in that
        case we are not able to provide you with our Service.
Privacy Policy Modifications
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Your
        continued use of the Service which is subject to this Privacy Policy will signify your
        acceptance of any and all changes to this Privacy Policy made by us from time to
        time.