Terms of use
Pernod Ricard UK Limited
Terms of use -
Download the PDF
Last Updated: 28th February 2024
Websites, mobile applications, and other platforms that link to these Terms of Use are operated by or on behalf of Pernod Ricard UK Limited (“the Operator” or “we” or “us”) in the United Kingdom. The Operator includes, without limitation, the family of brands listed at
https://www.pernod-ricard.com/en/brands
. These Terms of Use are entered into by and between you, the user, and us. These Terms of Use govern your access and use of, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through, our websites, mobile applications, or other platforms (collectively, the “Site”).
Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Site. By using the Site, You accept and agree to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at
https://www.pernod-ricard.com/en/locations/uk
, incorporated herein by reference.
We may change the Terms and Conditions from time to time and at any time without notice to you, by posting such changes on the Site.
BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND AGREE TO ABIDE BY THEM.
If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not access or otherwise use the Site. By using the Site following any modification to the Terms and Conditions, you agree to be bound by any such modification to the Terms and Conditions.
Age Requirement for Use of Site
This Site is intended only for the use and enjoyment (i) of persons who are of legal age to purchase and consume alcoholic beverages in the jurisdiction in which they reside or, where they are accessing the Site from a different jurisdiction, in the jurisdiction from which they are accessing the Site and (ii) where the sale, consumption and advertising of alcohol is permitted in the relevant jurisdiction.
To access or otherwise use the Site (i) you must be of legal purchase age or older in the jurisdiction in which you reside or the jurisdiction from where you are accessing the Site (whichever applies); and (ii) the sale, consumption and advertising of alcohol must be permitted in that jurisdiction. Persons under such legal purchase age or who reside in a jurisdiction where the sale, consumption and/or advertising of alcohol is not permitted, should not use the Site in any way.
Social Media Platforms and other Links from and to the Site
The Site may include links to social media platforms including without limitation Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Youtube and Flickr (“Social Media Platforms”). As part of the services available on the Site and your use generally of the Site, you may follow a link to Social Media Platforms from the Site, you may share the Site link or a link to certain parts of the Site on Social Media Platforms, you may upload to the Site photographs or other content which are already stored on Social Media Platforms (provided always such photographs and/ or content are owned by you), you may identify third parties on the Site by reference to their identities on Social Media Platforms (provided always the consent of those third parties has been obtained by you) or you may interact between the Site and Social Media Platforms in any other permitted way. In these circumstances, you agree to comply with the Terms and Conditions and the terms and conditions of the Social Media Platforms used.
Please note that use of the Social
Media Platforms is governed by separate terms and conditions and privacy policies which can be found on the websites of the Social Media Platforms accessed.
You acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided by sites to which you may link from the Site (“Linked Sites“). Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement by or association with the Operator of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites. the Operator does not author, edit, or monitor these Linked Sites.You acknowledge and agree that the Operator is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such Linked Sites.
Services Available on the Site
We make certain services available to visitors of the Site. On the Site generally, you may be able to read information about our products, view movies, documentaries and other films, stream music, download music, tell your own story, upload your own photographs, music or other content, identify third parties in your story, photographs, music or other content, enter competitions, chat with other visitors, post comments on a bulletin board, download screensavers or other software, send branded material to friends etc (“Services” and the
Services form part of the definition of “Site”).
We do not solicit nor do we wish to receive any confidential or secret information or material from you through the Site, through any of the Services, by email or in any other way. Any information or material submitted by you will be deemed not to be confidential or secret.
Visitors are solely responsible for any information or materials submitted by you through the Site, whether names, personal information, photographs, films, stories, music, ideas, creative concepts, other materials, information or data of any kind and in any format and other content you post on and through the Site (“User Information”).
By submitting User Information to the Site you represent and warrant that the User Information is original to you and that no other party has any rights to it or that you have obtained all required consents and permits to enable you to submit the User Information to the Site and for it to appear on the Site. Visitors agree that the User Information will not include content which infringes upon the rights of any third party including, without limitation, intellectual property rights, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary right; content that is deceptive or fraudulent; content which is unlawful; content that promotes the excessive or irresponsible consumption of alcohol; content that is or could reasonably be considered to be hateful, defamatory, discriminatory, obscene, abusive, threatening, offensive or pornographic or that incites violence or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence or depicts any illegal activity; or content that references ammunition and/or firearms or the sale of tobacco products. Visitors fully indemnify us for breach of these warranties and guarantees.
If you have submitted User Information to us, we reserve the right to delay publication of User Information to the Site at all times for the purposes of our approval processes. We further reserve the right to remove any User Information or any other content from the Site at any time for any reason. Due to our commitment to promoting a message of responsible drinking, we require our users to be sensible, responsible and considerate when interacting with this Site. We will monitor User Information and ensure that it complies with our Corporate Social Responsibility policies. We do not allow any User Information which:
a) features someone who is or appears to be under the legal drinking age or is made by someone under the legal drinking age;
b) features any people, shown in pictures or videos which are associated with the act of drinking alcohol, who are not, or who do not look, over 25 years old (NB. those aged between the legal drinking age in your country of residence and 24 years old may be shown provided it is not within a context which associates them with drinking, i.e. there is no suggestion that they have just consumed, are consuming or are about to consume alcohol);
c) encourages underage purchase or drinking of alcoholic beverages;
d) encourages illegal, irresponsible or immoderate drinking;
e) promotes over-consumption;
f) condemns or criticises in any way anyone who chooses not to drink alcohol
g) portrays irresponsible drinking in a positive light or associates drinking with driving, operating any kind of machinery or engaging in any kind of dangerous activity;
h) implies alcoholic beverages have any physical, psychological or intellectual benefits;
i) implies alcoholic beverages gives bravado, confidence or helps to overcome individual or social problems;
j) implies alcoholic beverages consumption contributes to any kind of success (for instance in the field of personal relationships, social success, popularity, work, sports or suggest that it can enhance mental or physical performance);
k) glorifies the alcohol strength, relatively high alcohol content or intoxicating effect of a drink;
l) mentions drinking alcohol in relation to any kind of illegal, antisocial, dangerous, aggressive or violent behaviour.
By submitting or sending User Information to the Site or to the Operator, you grant the Operator the royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully sub-licensable right and licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. You also warrant that any “moral rights” in posted materials have been irrevocably waived in favour of the Operator.
Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, e-mail address, phone number) on or through the public portions of the Site (e.g., comments, chat, bulletin boards), that such information is generally accessible to and may be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. Visitors to and users of the Site are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information.
If you use the Site for music downloads or other purchase promotions where you are provided with a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right, at our sole discretion, to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time. Any music downloads or streams are for your own personal, non-commercial use. You agree that you shall not:
a) copy, reproduce, “rip”, record, make available to the public or otherwise use any part of the music downloads or streams or any part of them in a manner not expressly permitted under these terms and conditions;
b) sell or attempt to sell any invite to access the music downloads, or resell any code used to access the music downloads Service;
c) provide your personal identification code or use any other person’s personal identification code;
d) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify or create derivative works based on the music downloads, music streams or any part thereof;
e) circumvent any technology used by us, our licensors, or any third party to protect content accessible through the Site.
In addition to the above, you agree to use best endeavours to prevent unauthorised use of the music downloads and streams.
To the extent permitted by law, we shall have no liability for any loss or damage suffered by you as a result of the use or disclosure of any of the User Information. This paragraph does not affect any rights you may have under data privacy laws that protect your personal information.
Proprietary Rights
As between you and the Operator (including our affiliates being any company which is part of the Pernod Ricard group at any time (“Group Company”)), we are the owner and/or authorised user of any trade mark, and/or service mark appearing on the Site, and are the copyright owner or licensee of the content and/or information on the Site, unless otherwise indicated. Except as otherwise provided herein, use of the Site does not grant to you a licence to any content, features or materials you may access on the Site. Any commercial use of the Site is strictly prohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us in advance in writing. You may not download or save a copy of any of the content or screens for any purpose except as otherwise provided in these Terms and Conditions or as permitted on the Site. You may, however, print one (1) copy of the information on the Site solely for your personal use or records. If you make other use of the Site, except as otherwise provided above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United Kingdom or other countries or territories and may be subject to liability for such unauthorised use.
We do not grant any licence or other authorisation to any user of our trade marks, service marks, other copyrightable material or any other intellectual property, by including them on the Site. You also agree and acknowledge that any ideas, concepts, methods, systems, designs, plans, techniques or other similar materials that you submit or otherwise communicate to the Site, may be used by us in any manner.
Internet Access
You acknowledge and agree that in connection with your use of the Site you must: (a) provide for your own internet access to the and pay any service fees associated with such access, and (b) provide all equipment necessary for you to make such access and connection to the internet, including, without limitation, a computer, software, a modem and a means of connecting to or accessing the Internet. The Operator shall not be responsible for any malfunctions, errors, crashes or other adverse events that may occur from your use of the Site.
User Information and Privacy Policy
In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide and we may collect certain information about you and your use of the Site. The Operator’ information collection and use policies with respect to such User Information are set forth in the Privacy Policy. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy and you acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy, content and updating of your User Information.
No Confidentiality
You agree and acknowledge that by using this Site, any and all communications and/or information transmitted by you to or through the Site will not be treated as confidential or secret.
User Conduct
You warrant and agree that, while using the Site, you shall not upload, post or transmit to or distribute or otherwise publish through the Site any materials that: (a) are protected by copyright, or other proprietary or intellectual property right, or derivative works with respect thereto, except as provided herein or without first obtaining permission from us or the copyright owner; (b) are unlawful, threatening, harassing, profane, tortious, delictual, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libellous, deceptive, fraudulent, contains explicit or graphic descriptions or accounts of sexual acts (including, but not limited to, sexual language of a violent or threatening nature directed at another individual or group of individuals), invasive of another’s privacy, or hateful, (c) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Site, (d) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offence or give rise to civil liability, or (e) contain a virus or other harmful component, advertising of any kind, or false or misleading indications of origin or statements of fact.
You also warrant and agree that you shall not: (a) impersonate, or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; (b) upload, post, publish, transmit, reproduce, distribute or in any way exploit any information or other material obtained through the Site for commercial purposes (other than as expressly permitted by the provider of such information or other material); (c) engage in spamming or flooding; or (d) attempt to gain unauthorised access to other computer systems through the Site. Except as otherwise expressly permitted herein, you may not upload, post, publish, reproduce, transmit or distribute in any way any component of the Site itself or derivative works with respect thereto, as the Site is copyrighted as a collective work under applicable copyright laws.
We have no obligation to monitor any content on or through the Site and we assume no obligation. You acknowledge and agree, however, that we do retain the right to monitor the Site and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves or our users. We will not intentionally monitor or disclose any private electronic-mail message unless required by law. We reserve the right to refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that, in our sole discretion, are unacceptable, undesirable, inappropriate or in violation of these Terms and Conditions.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Operator, its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs, arising in any way from your use of the Site or the placement or transmission of any message, information, software or other materials or through the Site by you.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
The site, including, without limitation, all content, functions and materials is provided “As is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty for information, data, data processing services, or uninterrupted access, any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, usefulness, or content of information, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The Operator does not warrant that the site or the functions, features or content contained therein will be timely, secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will be corrected. The Operator makes no warranty that the site will meet users’ requirements. No advice, results or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from the Operator or through the site shall create any warranty not expressly made herein. If you are dissatisfied with the site, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the site.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the extent permissible under law, in no event shall the Operator or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates, or content or service providers be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive loss or damages arising from or directly or indirectly related to the use of, or the inability to use, the site or the content, materials or functions related thereto including, without limitation, loss of income or revenue, loss of anticipated profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, loss of goodwill or loss of business, even if the Operator or such individual has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential loss or damages so some of the above limitations may not apply to certain users. In no event shall the Operator be liable for or in connection with any content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user or other person on or through the site. In no event shall the total liability of the Operator to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, delict or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence or otherwise) arising from the terms and conditions or your use of the site exceed, in the aggregate, £100.00.
Applicable Laws
We control and operate the Site from our offices in the United Kingdom. In all matters relating to the Site and these Terms and Conditions, the applicable law shall be the law of England and Wales. All viewers and users of the Site agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
The laws of England and Wales are applicable when using the Site. We do not represent that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable.
Modifications to the Site
We reserve the right, for any reason, in our sole discretion, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site, including, but not limited to, content, features or hours of availability. We may also impose limits on certain features of the Site or restrict your access to all or part of the Site without notice or penalty.
Copyright Act Agent
We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the Site do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please send the following information in writing (which shall be deemed to include by email) to the Copyright Agent named below:
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the alleged infringing material is located on the Site;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorised by you, the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information that you provide is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorised to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
Copyright Agent:
Head of Legal, Pernod Ricard UK Limited, Building 7, Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, United Kingdom, W4 5YG.
Last Updated: February 2024
Privacy Policy
Pernod Ricard UK Limited
Privacy Policy -
Download the PDF
We take your privacy very seriously and we respect your right to privacy when you use our websites, our mobile applications, our pages on social networks, online forms and whenever else you communicate electronically with us (our “Digital Services”). That’s why we’ve developed this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, store, use and process the Personal Data you share with us through our Digital Services.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information on who we are and how and why we collect, store, use and share your Personal Data. It also explains your rights in relation to your Personal Data and how to contact us or supervisory authorities in the event you have a complaint.
“We”, “us” and “our” refer to Pernod Ricard UK Limited, Pernod Ricard SA and Pernod Ricard SA’s affiliates (these affiliates are collectively referred to as the “Pernod Ricard Group”).
We collect, use and are responsible for certain Personal Data about you. When we do so we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation, which applies across the European Union (including in the United Kingdom as retained UK legislation or otherwise) and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that Personal Data for the purposes of those laws.
Before using our Digital Services, please read this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or our Cookies Policy, please do not use our Digital Services.
We are the data controller when processing your Personal Data in the conditions described in this Privacy Policy, which includes any Personal Data you submit to this website or another website that links you to this Privacy Policy, such as a microsite that we use to run a promotion or competition (the “Website”).
1. What Personal Data do we collect about you and how?
Personal Data means any information that can be used to personally identify you or contact you online or elsewhere.
We may collect and use the following Personal Data about you:
• your name and contact information, including postal address, email address and telephone numbers.
• information to enable us to check and verify your identity, e.g. your date of birth
• your gender information, if you choose to give this to us
• location data
• your billing information, transaction and payment card information
• information to enable us to undertake credit or other financial checks on you
• your personal or professional interests, household, lifestyle, habits and preferences
• your contact history, purchase history, and saved items
• information from accounts you link to us, e.g. Facebook
• information about how you use our website, IT, communication and other systems
• your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
• your IP address and your mobile/tablet/device ID
• information provided to us for your attendance at events, including which events you attend as well as information about access or dietary requirements.
This Personal Data is required to provide products and Digital Services to you. If you do not provide Personal Data we ask for, it may delay or prevent us from providing products or services to you.
Subject to applicable law requirements, we may also use various tools that allow us to target the ads we display on social media. Your identity, contact and social media information (i.e. your profile data, social demographics, behavioral data and interests) are processed in this context.
2. How your Personal Data is collected
Personal Data we collect from you
We collect most of this Personal Data directly from you—in person, by telephone or email and/or via our website and apps. This usually occurs when you take part in one of our promotional activities or subscribe to one of our Digital Services, for example:
• Registration or sign-up online: e.g. mobile app, websites, social media or subscribing to a newsletter specific to our Digital Services or creating an account to be a member of a club;
• ‘Send to a friend’ marketing communications;
• Sweepstake and contest;
• Buying products or services online;
• When doing e-commerce on certain of our websites;
• Using a QR Code displayed on products;
• Events (invitation form or online forms on tablets filled out by our representatives with your input);
• Tastings;
• Feedback, questions, enquiries, surveys or comments through ‘Contact us’;
• Any other request that requires the submission of Personal Data.
The type and amount of information we collect for the features listed above will vary and depends on the activity.
Personal Data we collect from other sources
We may also collect information:
• directly from a third party, e.g.: “Send to a friend” marketing communications or a third party sign-up form from one of our partners;
• from a third party with your consent, e.g. your bank or building society
• from cookies on our website (see below - How and why do we use tracking technologies?)
• via door entry systems and reception logs;
• from automated monitoring of our websites and other technical systems, such as our computer networks and connections, CCTV and access control systems, communications systems, email and instant messaging systems; or
• from one of our Pernod Ricard Group affiliates.
We may occasionally purchase the contact details of people who might be interested in hearing from us. Before purchasing such information, we will check the wording used when your information was originally collected, to make sure that we only contact people who have actively expressed an interest in receiving information from third parties.
We may also receive information if you have provided permission to other organisations to share it with us. Before providing permission to such third party organisations to share your personal information, you should check their privacy notices carefully.
Subject to applicable laws, we may use a variety of technologies that collect and provide information about how our Digital Services are accessed and used by you. We may also use demographic information about who uses our Digital Services, which we get from third parties such as Google or social media that you use (we call this “Usage Information”).
Usage Information may consist of the pages you have visited, the time you visited them and which beverage information (or other content) you accessed or provided. It also includes which language you use, demographic information about you (such as your age, gender and interest areas, where available) and which pages you have visited before you visited the current page.
We collect this information to gain a better idea of how people interact with our brands so we can then tailor and improve them accordingly. Most Usage Information that we collect can't be linked to you individually, but if we can link it to you, then we treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How and why do we use tracking technologies?
We use tracking technologies such as cookies, IP address recording or log files, to gather technical information such as your web browser type and which operating system you use, the webpage you came from, your path through our website and your Internet Service Provider. This is so we can improve the functionality of our websites and better understand how visitors like you use our Digital Services and the tools they offer.
Often, individuals will interact with us in multiple ways and will provide us with personal information in different contexts. We may use your personal information to obtain a profile of your different interactions with us and to understand your preferences.
These tracking technologies help us tailor our Digital Services to your personal needs:
• Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, our Digital Services use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”). Cookies are small files placed on your device which serve a number of purposes, such as remembering your preferences. Cookies let you enjoy a richer and more tailored browsing experience, as well as help to accurately measure your behaviour on our website. You can learn more about which cookies we use and how to disable them in our Cookies Policy.
• An IP address is a number used on a network to identify your computer every time you connect to the Internet. We may keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to (among other things): (i) troubleshoot technical issues, (ii) maintain website safety and security, (iii) restrict access to our Digital Services to certain users, (iv) track location and behaviour, analyse, segment and target advertising to customers, and, (iv) better understand how our Digital Services are utilised e.g. using Google Analytics;
• We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect and use your mobile/tablet device ID to provide a more tailored browsing experience, to alert you to nearby events or promotions and for reporting and analysis;
• We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of logs files that record activity and gather statistics about browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us gather (among other things) (i) your web browser type and operating system, (ii) information about your session (such as the URL you came from, the date and time you visited our Digital Services, and which pages you have viewed and for how long), and, (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data. We also use log file information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve and customise the online services we offer you. Log files are only used internally, and are not associated with any personally identifiable individual.
3. For what purpose do we use your Personal Data?
Under data protection law, we can only use your Personal Data if we have a proper reason for doing so, e.g.:
• to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations;
• for the performance of a contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract;
• for our legitimate interests or those of a third party; or
• where you have given consent.
Generally, the information we collect is only used for any purpose for which you submitted it to us, for any purpose made clear to you at the point it was collected or here in this Privacy Policy. These purposes may include:
• When you register or sign-up via our Digital Services: the Personal Data you give is used to provide you with the benefits that typically come along with registration. This includes information on the products and brands that you have signed up to (and, if you have opted-in, to receive information about other Pernod Ricard products), the ability to send, receive and personalise communications you select at the time of registration or that automatically come with your registration. For example, subscription to a newsletter, creation of an account, participation in a sweepstake or contest, invitation to or attendance at an event organised by us or on our behalf;
• When you are selected or invited to attend an event we will use your Personal Data to provide you with details, tickets and entry information and to provide the organisers with information to allow them to verify your attendance;
• When you enter a sweepstake or contest we use your Personal Data to identify unique entrants and to inform winners and others of the outcome;
• When you use the ‘Send to a friend’ feature: Personal Data for one-time use (typically, names and email addresses) is used only once (e.g., to send a message) and is not retained by us;
• When using e-commerce on some of our websites: we (or a third party on our behalf) will use your Personal Data to create your account, facilitate the purchase process, manage your order and deliver your products under the contract you have with us (or the third party) and to understand your purchase history. We may use automated decision making to detect fraudulent activity or to secure payment by verifying card-holder details where it is necessary for entering into or performing a contract with you;
• When you use a QR Code or equivalent feature displayed on our products: we use your Personal Data to send you more information on the products where the QR code or equivalent feature was displayed or other Pernod Ricard products (if you opt-in to receive that information);
• When you submit Personal Data on the iPads or other mobile devices available in Heritage Centres or distilleries: this is used to send you more information on the relevant products;
• Feedback, questions, or comments through our ‘Contact Us’ form and our ‘Tell Us’ compliance reporting system: if you contact us via an online contact form, your information is used to respond to your inquiry or comment;
• Display targeted ads about Pernod Ricard’s products and services on the social media you are registered on and measuring ad performance. If you do not object to the use of your Personal Data for targeted advertising purposes, we will pass on your identification data (hashed) to the social media whose marketing tools we use (see section 5 below), that is to say your surname, first name, contact details and date of birth. Subject to your consent, social media can also identify you through the cookies placed on our Digital Media. Once your data is shared on social media, it is used to enable such media, at your initiative, to find you among other users, and (i) to show you ads about our products and services when you browse the relevant social media, and (ii) to identify, based on your profile on the relevant social media (where you live, age, gender, language, socio-demographic characteristics, interests and behavior), lookalikes who may also be interested by Pernod Ricard’s ads. Social media also provide us with reports on the results of our advertising campaigns (click-through rate, conversion rate, audience profile, etc.) to enable us to improve our future campaigns. In the context of these activities, we act as a joint controller together with each social media. We do not, however, collect or access at any time the Personal Data concerning you held by the social media concerned and relating in particular to your profile or your behavior on such social media. This type of Personal Data processing is based on our legitimate economic interest in offering relevant advertising content on social media, tailored to a specific audience.
When you submit your Personal Data, you may also be given the option (through a tick box or other consent mechanism) to have your information used for an activity or service different from the one you are requesting. For example, if you enter a contest to win a prize, you may also be invited to sign up for a newsletter about other products. If you choose to have your information used for another activity or service in this way we will use your information to provide them to you.
In addition, when you submit your Personal Data, you may be given the option (through a tick box or other consent mechanism) for your information to be used for other Pernod Ricard products. If you choose this option we (and other Pernod Ricard Group affiliates) will use your information to provide you with information and promotions regarding other Pernod Ricard products.
We may also use your email address to send you transactional or administrative communications such as confirmation emails when you sign up for, or unsubscribe from, a specific registration or activity. We may also use it for certain service-related announcements, such as updates to our Privacy Notice, discontinued features or programs on our Digital Services, changes to our online services or technical support policies.
We retain your personal data in our global consumer database which allows us to ensure that your Personal Data remains accurate and up to date and to share your Personal Data with appropriate Pernod Ricard group affiliates. To avoid duplication in our database, we may use information about each of your interactions with one of our Pernod Ricard Group affiliates to check whether your Personal Data is still accurate. We will use that information to complete, enhance or update your Personal Data with the additional information you might have provided.
Subject to applicable laws, this may include occasionally combining, updating, or otherwise enhancing the Personal Data collected through our Digital Services with anonymised data we get from outside records or third parties.  For instance, we may combine purely demographic or survey information (e.g., age, gender, household information, and other interests) not linked to any personal information about you with Personal Data collected in other cases (such as during account registration).
We may also use your Personal Data, the combined information referred to above and/or demographic information for our internal marketing, segmentation, analysis and demographic studies. This helps us to constantly improve, personalise, and customise the products and services we provide.
Legitimate interests - managing our business
In relation to a number of uses of Personal Data we refer to above we are doing this on the basis that it is in our legitimate interests – or those of a third party – for us to do so.   A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests. These interests cover a number of aspects of our business operations, namely:
• Ensuring that we are as efficient as we can be so we can deliver the best Digital Service and products for you that we can and understanding our customers and the users of our Website;
• To allow us to provide bespoke Digital Services and products where requested by you, to personalise your experience and to tailor the content, offers and promotions we send to you promoting our products and services;
• Protecting our commercially valuable information and also our intellectual property;
• Preventing and detecting fraud and/or criminal activity that could be damaging for us and for you;
• Understanding how our business is performing and considering how to improve our performance; and
• Ensuring we are able to keep up to date with our customers and contacts and developments in their organisations.
Promotional communications
We may use your Personal Data to send you updates (by email or post) about our products and Digital Services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new products and Digital Services.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your Personal Data for promotional purposes. This means we do not always need your consent to carry out promotional activities. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this consent separately and clearly.
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time by:
• contacting us at
ukconsumerfeedback@pernod-ricard.com
• using the ‘unsubscribe’ link in emails or ‘STOP’ number in texts
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to provide further products or Digital Services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
4. What happens if you do not wish to share your Personal Data with us?
If you choose not to submit any Personal Data when requested, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or use some of the personalised features of our Digital Services. This may also limit the services and special offers we can provide you. For example, if you refuse to share your email address, you will not be able to receive any of our newsletters or otherwise register for our Digital Services. However, you do not need to give us any Personal Data to simply browse our websites and learn more about us and our products.
5. Who do we disclose your Personal Data to and why?
We will never share your Personal Data with any third party that intends to use it for direct marketing purposes, unless we have specifically told you and you have given us explicit permission to do this.
We may share your Personal Data with affiliates within the Pernod Ricard Group. The purposes are explained in Articles 2 and 3 above. The information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy may come from the entity to which you provide it but may also be made available, subject to your consent, through such entity to other entities of the Pernod Ricard Group to provide you with news and promotional information about their products or programs you have shown interest in.
If you wish to withdraw your consent to such sharing and use of your information, please address your request as indicated in Article 9 of this Privacy Policy. Please tell us if you are withdrawing your consent for us to share your Personal Data with all of the affiliates in the Pernod Ricard Group to provide you with news and promotional information or just some of those affiliates (and, in that case, please indicate which ones).
We may also share your Personal Data with other third parties, but only in the following circumstances:
• We may use third parties to help deliver our products or Digital Services to you, e.g. payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies;
• For targeted advertising purposes: we share your Personal Data with the following social media: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, to display targeted ads on them about our products and services to you and people with a similar profile to you. In this context, the social media and Pernod Ricard are acting as joint data controllers. We can provide you, on request, with a copy of the data processing agreements entered into with such social media. For more information about how such social media process your Personal Data and on how to exercise your rights with them in connection with any further processing of your Personal Data, we invite you to view their Privacy Policy on their websites. • We may share your Personal Data with third parties who provide programmatic advertising services to serve you with relevant advertising;
• We may use or work with service providers, agents or contractors or other third parties e.g. marketing and digital agencies or third party data providers as described above, to support the internal operation of our Digital Services, and to assist us with administering, enhancing or tailoring them or the various functions, programs and promotions available on them. Any such third party must provide appropriate levels of security for your Personal Data and, where required, are bound by a legal agreement to either delete or keep your Personal Data private, secure and to process it only on our specific instructions;
• When we run a joint or co-sponsored program or promotion on our Digital Services with another company, organisation, or other reputable third party, we may collect and process Personal Data and share it with that partner or sponsor as part of the event. If your Personal Data is being collected by (or is shared with) a company other than one that is part of the Pernod Ricard Group as part of any such promotion, we will let you know at the time it is collected;
When we run a promotion in partnership with a third party outside the Pernod Ricard Group, we may provide a separate link to their privacy policy which you should read before you share any Personal Data. The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own data protection policy or privacy policy.  If you do not want your information to be collected by or shared with a company other than the Pernod Ricard Group, you can choose not to opt in or participate in these events at the time the Personal Data is collected or requested;
• We may also disclose your Personal Data if we are required to do so by law or by law enforcement agencies or regulatory bodies, or if such action is necessary to comply with legal or regulatory processes, to respond to or pursue any claims, or to protect the safety or rights of us, our employees, customers, or the public;
• In the event of a merger or acquisition of all or part of us by another company, or in the event that we were to sell or dispose of all or a part of our business. In this case the acquirer would have access to the information maintained by us, which could include Personal Data, subject to applicable law. Similarly, Personal Data may be transferred as part of a corporate reorganisation, insolvency proceeding, or other similar event, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law;
• We may share aggregated demographic or survey information with third parties, but this information is in anonymous form and does not contain any Personal Data. The aggregate information that we share may include anonymous information that is captured through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technology, as explained in Article 2.
6. Is your Personal Data sent to recipients located in other countries and why?
We and our affiliates in the Pernod Ricard Group are a global group and your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders. It may be transferred to countries that have different data protection laws to the country from where you submitted your Personal Data. Your Personal Data may also be transferred between different companies of the Pernod Ricard Group located in different countries.
We will, however, ensure the transfer complies with data protection law both during transit and at the storage location and all Personal Data will be secure. Our standard practice is to use standard data protection contract clauses that have been approved by the European Commission.
Our main service providers for the operation of our Digital Media are based in the United States. The transfers of personal data to these services providers are implemented in accordance with applicable laws and rely on standard contractual clauses as set out by the European Commission. Such service providers are also bound by a contract that ensures a high standard of privacy protection and requires (amongst other provisions) that they act only on a member of Pernod Ricard Group’s instructions and implement technical measures necessary on an ongoing basis to keep your Personal Data secure.
7. How long do we keep your Personal Data?
We may store the Personal Data that you send to us via our Digital Services in our databases. We will not retain your Personal Data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of Personal Data.
We retain your Personal Data as long as your account is active, for the duration of a contract with you or however long it takes to provide you with the products or services requested, to answer queries or resolve problems, to show that we treated you fairly, to keep records required by law and to improve or offer new services.
We may also need to retain your Personal Data to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and similar records management purposes.
We may also retain your Personal Data for a reasonable period after you stop using our services or our Digital
Services. After this period, your Personal Data will be deleted from all systems in the Pernod Ricard Group.
If you ask us to delete your information in accordance with your rights set out in Article 9 below, we will retain basic information on a suppression list to record your request and to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future.
8. How do we keep your Personal Data secure?
We have appropriate security measures to prevent your Personal Data from being accidentally lost, or used or accessed unlawfully. These include: (i) storing your Personal Data in secure operating environments that are not available to the public and that are only accessible to authorised employees, our agents and contractors; and, (ii) verifying the identities of registered users before they can access Personal Data we store about them.
We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. Your rights
You have the following rights, which you can exercise free of charge:
You can ask us to:
• provide a copy of your personal data (the right of access) including the categories of data that are used in profiling or decision making processes
• correct any mistakes in your personal data including in the profile
• delete your personal data—in certain situations
• restrict processing of your personal data—in certain circumstances, e.g. if you contest the accuracy of the data
• provide you with a copy of the personal data you provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or transmit that data to a third party—in certain situations
You can object:
• at any time to your personal data being processed for direct marketing purpose, for marketing purpose based on profiling, for the purposes of targeted advertising on social media;
• in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal data, e.g. processing carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interests
You can also contest the result of an automated decision.
If your Personal Data has been processed on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
We hope that we can resolve any query or concern you may raise about our use of your information. You also have the right to complain to the supervisory authority in the European Union where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
If you would like to exercise any of your rights please email us on
UKconsumerfeedback@pernod-ricard.com
.
Your objection (or withdrawal of consent) may mean we cannot provide the products or services you have requested of us or you may not be able to use the services we offer.   We will advise you where this is the case.
In certain circumstances even if you withdraw your consent we may still be able to process your Personal Data if required or permitted by law or for the purpose of exercising or defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
If you participated in a program that involved a third party and you agreed to receive communications from that third party, you will need to contact them directly to opt-out. This process should be outlined in the third party’s privacy policy.
10. How do we treat children's information?
Our Digital Services are not intended for children under the age of majority (“Minor”), so we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from Minors. You must be at least eighteen years old (or, if the legal drinking age where you live is higher, you must be at least that age) to create an account and engage in activities and transactions on our Digital Services. By creating an account or engaging in activities or transactions, you confirm that you are at least eighteen years old (or, if the legal drinking age where you live is higher, that you are at least of legal drinking age) and are fully able to enter into, comply with and be legally bound by any terms of use made available to you and this Privacy Policy. If we are notified or learn that a Minor has submitted personal data to us through our Digital Services, we will delete their Personal Data.
11. Do we link to other third party websites?
Our Digital Services may contain links that will direct you to other websites or services that are operated and controlled by third parties. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our brands or logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement.
The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own data protection policy or privacy policy. We have no control over these third parties, and your use of their websites and features are subject to the privacy policies posted on those websites. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or business practices of any third-party website. Therefore, you should exercise caution and review the privacy policies applicable to those external websites you visit, before you provide your Personal Data.
12. How can you contact us?
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments about this Privacy Policy or our how we collect and manage your Personal Data, please contact us by writing to:
Data Privacy Champion, Pernod Ricard UK Limited, Building 7 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, London, W4 5YG or sending an email to:
UKconsumerfeedback@pernod-ricard.com
13. Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy notice was last updated: 8 Sept 2022.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy.
Cookies Policy
Pernod Ricard UK Limited
Cookies Policy -
Download the PDF
Our Digital Media uses cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”), subject to your consent and when required by applicable law.
This Cookies Policy (the "Policy") describes how Pernod Ricard UK, ("Pernod Ricard" or "we"), use these cookies on our Digital Media, and our commitment to respecting your privacy regarding our use of cookies on our websites, applications, pages on social media etc (“Digital Media”).
Pernod Ricard UK Limited is a company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, and our registered address is Building 7 Chiswick Park, 566 Chiswick High Road, Chiswick, London W4 5YG.
Before using our Digital Media please read this Cookies Policy carefully. If you do not agree with it, do not use our Digital Media.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Cookies Policy or our Privacy Policy. Please regularly read this Cookies Policy and our Privacy Policy to make sure that you are aware of how your Personal Data may be used and of any changes we make to this Cookies Policy or our Privacy Policy.
1. What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files or pieces of information which are stored on your computer or mobile device (such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit our Digital Media. A cookie usually stores the name of the website/application from which the cookie came, the lifespan of the cookie (i.e. how long it stays on your device) and a unique identifier - usually a randomly generated number.
2. Why do we use cookies?
Cookies make our Digital Media easier to use and help us to tailor our service and products to your needs.
Cookies can do this because our Digital Media can read and write these files, enabling them to recognise you and remember important information that makes your use of our Digital Media more convenient and personalised (for example, by remembering preference settings).
Cookies may also be used to help improve your future activities and experience on our Digital Media. We also use cookies to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that help us understand how people use our Digital Media, and to improve the structure and content of our Digital Media.
3. What are the different types of cookies we use?
The types of cookies that we use can either be session or persistent, or first party or third party cookies.
Persistent cookies are used to save your login information and remember your settings for future visits to our Digital Media and services. A persistent cookie is a cookie stored as a file on your computer where it remains, even when you close your web browser. This cookie can only be read by the Digital Media that created it, when you visit it again.
Session ID cookies are used to enable certain features on our Digital Media and services, to better understand how you interact with our service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. They usually store an anonymous session identifier on your computer which means you can browse a website/application without having to log in to each page, for example.
First party cookies are our own cookies which we use to improve your experience. They are associated with a user’s Personal Data. No third party has access to the information we collect through our own cookies.
Third party cookies are cookies placed by third parties on our Digital Media to provide their services - this includes cookies used for advertising. They place these cookies on your device on our behalf when you visit our Digital Media, and this helps them deliver the services they provide. You can find more information about these cookies in their privacy policies.
Below is a list of the different types of cookies we may use on our Digital Medias. When cookies are used to collect personal information, the provisions explained in our Privacy Policy also apply, in addition to this Cookies Policy.
a.          Essential Cookies
Essential cookies are cookies which are strictly necessary for our Digital Media to work and for you to fully make use of its services and features. Without these essential cookies, certain features and services on our Digital Media may not work correctly and your experience will be impaired.
We also use technical cookies which allow our Digital Media to remember choices you make Digital Media (such as your user name, your language or the region you are in) for customization and personalization purposes. These cookies do not gather any information about you that will be used for advertising purposes or remembering your browsing history.
Who is placing the cookie ?
Type
Description/purpose
Pernod Ricard
Persistent cookie
Cookie Policy Visibility Cookies: We install a cookie on your computer which indicates whether or not you have been informed of the use of cookies through a banner notice being displayed, and then whether you have indicated your consent to the use of cookies by continuing to use the website/application or service, so that the banner will not continue to show every time you visit a page.
Pernod Ricard
Persistent cookie
Device Identifier Cookie: We install a cookie on your computer which identifies you and tells the Website/application that you are logged in.
Pernod Ricard
Persistent cookie
User Local Cookie: We install a cookie which is used to remember local specific selections made by you such as language preferences.
These cookies are necessary to the operation of our Digital Media, are considered as non-privacy intrusive cookies improving internet experience and therefore they do not necessitate consent and you cannot opt-out of their use.
b.          Social Media Plug-in Cookies
We use buttons sharing of pages on social networking websites. These buttons may place a third party cookie on your device, which could gather usage information.
Our Digital Media uses the following social media cookies:
Who is placing the cookie ?
Type
Description/purpose
Facebook
Persistent cookie
Facebook Social Media Button: Cookies are used to facilitate the sharing of content of our Digital Media on Facebook.
Twitter
Persistent cookie
Twitter Social Media Button: Cookies are used to facilitate the sharing of content of our Digital Media on Twitter.
To opt out of being tracked by the Facebook Social Media Button and Twitter Social Media Button on all the websites you visit, go to the General Account Settings of your Facebook and Twitter accounts, then click the opt-out link.
c.          Analytics Cookies
Our Digital Media may also use Google Analytics cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use and move around our Digital Media. For example, they keep track of which webpages are visited most, IP (Internet protocol) addresses, types of browser, internet service providers (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating systems, date/time stamps, and clickstream data.
We use this information to analyze usage trends, to administer our Digital Media, to track how users move around our Digital Media and to gather general demographic information about who uses our Digital Media.
Our Digital Media use the following analytical cookies:
Who is placing the cookie ?
Type
Description/purpose
Google
Persistent and session ID cookies
Google Analytics: Google Analytics cookies work together to give us information about how people use our Digital Media.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics cookies on all the websites you visit, go to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
d.          Marketing and profiling cookies
We work with third party advertising companies to serve advertisements while you visit our Digital Media, and we permit these companies to store and access their own cookies on your computer or mobile device in the course of serving those adverts.
These companies use cookies to collect information about your visits to our, and other, Digital Media (this does not include personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number). Combined with non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other websites, they may use this to provide advertisements about goods and services that might be of interest to you.
Our Digital Media uses the following advertising cookies:
Who is placing the cookie ?
Type
Description/purpose
BlueConic
Persistent cookie
Profiling tag. BlueConic installs a tracker on the user's devices which collects data on the browsing of the user on different websites using the tracker's unique ID number. We use the data to profile the users and define detailed market segments, for use in the marketing campaign strategy.
Google
Persistent cookie
Advertising Cookie. The Google advertising cookies are used to customize ads on Google properties, like Google Search. For example, these cookies are used to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website.
To opt out of being tracked by BlueConic on all the websites you visit, please contact BlueConic by emailing them on
info@blueconic.com
To opt out of being tracked by Google advertising cookies on all the websites you visit, go to
http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
e.           Flash cookies
We also use Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) and similar technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience.
You can learn how to manage Flash Cookies by visiting the following website:
http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager06.html
Please note that rejecting Flash Cookies is likely to mean that our Digital Media may not work properly, and therefore you will not be able to take full advantage of the Digital Media.
4. How long are cookies stored?
Cookies will have a maximum retention period after they are first stored on your computer, as required by applicable law.
5. How to control cookies on our Digital Media?
Except for cookies which qualify as essential, the cookies described above will be installed on your computer only if you continue browsing after you’ve read and agreed to the banner which appears on our home page.
Flash cookies to enhance your web-browsing experience
You can also control how you interact with cookies in your web browser’s preferences. Read your browser's ‘Help’ section to find out how to do this.
Please note that if you turn off or disable cookies, you may not be able to log in to your account, view content or use other features on our Digital Media. You may also find that parts of our Digital Media either do not work at all or behave unexpectedly.
If you use different devices to view and access our services, such as a smartphone or tablet, as well as your computer, you will need to ensure that each browser on each device is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
6. How to contact us?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our cookies policy please contact
ukconsumerfeedback@pernodricard.com
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.pernod-ricard.com/en/privacy-policy/:
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
Pernod Ricard, in its role as Data Controller, respects your right to privacy when you use our digital media (such as our websites, our mobile applications, our pages on the social network, any online forms to register to our events…) and communicate electronically with us.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you how Pernod Ricard S.A. , a corporation duly organised under the laws of France, with its registered address at  5 cours Paul Ricard, 75008 Paris (hereinafter "Pernod Ricard”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collects, stores, uses and processes your personal data (“Personal Data”) provided through the digital media operated by Pernod Ricard (“Digital Media”).
1. What Personal Data do we gather about you and how do we collect it?
2. How and why do we use tracking technologies?
3. For what purposes do we use your Personal Data and on what legal grounds?
4. What happens if you do not wish to provide your Personal Data?
5. To whom do we disclose Your Personal Data and why?
6. Is your Personal Data sent to recipients outside the European Union and why?
7. How long do we keep your Personal Data?
8. How do we secure your Personal Data?
9. What are your rights regarding your Personal Data?
10. How do we process children’s Personal Data?
11. How can you contact us or lodge a complaint with the relevant Supervisory Authority?
12. Changes to our Privacy Policy
1. What Personal Data do we gather about you and how do we collect it?
Personal Data is collected only for the purposes set out in Section 3 below and each time you participate in any of the features or services offered by our Digital Media.
The types and amount of information collected for the above-mentioned features and services may be updated and vary depending on the activities of Pernod Ricard.
Most Personal Data that we process are collected directly from you, in particular when you fill out forms on our Digital Media and when you contact us. We also collect, if you consent to it, Personal Data about you when you browse our Digital Media through the placement of trackers (see section 2 below and our
Cookie Policy
).
Subject to applicable law requirements, we may use a variety of technologies that collect and provide information about how our Digital Media is accessed and used by you. We may also use demographic information about the users of our Digital Media, which we may obtain from third parties such as Google (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may consist of the pages you viewed, the time you viewed them, which beverage information or other content you accessed or provide, in what language, including demographic information about you (such as your age, gender and interest areas, where available) and what pages you looked at before viewing the current page, etc.
2. How and why do we use tracking technologies?
Pernod Ricard uses tracking technologies such as cookies, IP Addresses or Log files. Tracking technologies help us tailor our Digital Media to your personal needs and to offer you content adapted to your interests.
We use cookies to better understand how visitors use our Digital Media and the tools and services offered, and improve their use and functionality, and provide you with content adapted to your interests. Subject to your consent where required by applicable law, our Digital Media use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”). Cookies are small files that are placed on your device that serve a number of purposes like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your experience. The use of cookies on our Digital Media allows you to enjoy more seamless visits and more accurately measures your behaviour on our Site. You can learn more about the cookies we use and how you can disable cookies in the
Pernod Ricard Cookie Policy
.
An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet. We may keep track of Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to (among other things): (i) troubleshoot technical concerns, (ii) maintain website safety and security, (iii) restrict access to our Digital Media to comply with applicable law or contractual restrictions, and, (iv) better understand how our Digital Media is used;
We (or a third party on our behalf) may collect information in the form of log files that record activity on the Digital Media and gather statistics about users' browsing habits. These entries are generated anonymously, and help us gather information such as (i) a user’s browser type and operating system, (ii) information about a user’s session (such as the URL they came from, the date and time they visited our Digital Media, and which pages they've viewed on our Digital Media and for how long), and, (iii) other similar navigational or click-stream data. We also use information captured in log file for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve and customise the online services we provide you. Log files are used internally only, and are not associated with any particular user.
3. For what purpose do we use your Personal Data and based on what legal grounds?
We collect information about you to:
Respond to your request for services or to perform our contract (on the basis of our legitimate interest, the performance of pre-contractual or contractual measures with you):
When you register or sign-up in for our Digital Media (in particular for our careers platform for job applications), your Personal Data is used to provide you with the relevant features and services you subscribe to, and to offer you the benefits and privileges that typically come along with your registration (e.g. managing your online account);
Process any requests, messages, complaints or claims that you communicate to us about our products and/or services.
Comply with our legal obligations, including the verification that all users of our Digital Media are of legal drinking age in their country.
Send you administrative communications (on the basis of our legitimate interest, or the performance of pre-contractual or contractual measures with you):
e.g. confirmation email when you sign up for, or unsubscribe from, a specific registration service such as our careers platform, as well as certain service-related announcements (e.g., notices about updates to our privacy notices, discontinued features or programs on our Digital Media, changes to our online services or technical support policies, or other related changes)
To fulfil our legitimate interest in better serving you:
When the new processing is compatible with the one for which you gave us your consent, we may occasionally combine, update, or otherwise enhance the Personal Data collected through our Digital Media with data we receive from outside records or third parties. For instance, we may combine purely demographic or survey information (e.g. age, gender, household information, and other interests, etc.) not linked to any Personal Data about you with Personal Data collected through our offers (such as during account registration).
We may use the combined above-mentioned information and/or demographic information for our internal marketing and demographic studies and to constantly improve, personalise, and customise the products and services we provide you to better meet your needs.
Manage and track your inquiries and comments, including where relevant regarding compliance, via contact forms or contact email addresses: for the performance of a contract in particular.
We will ensure that your Personal Data remains accurate and up-to-date and avoid duplication in our database, by verifying each of your interactions with us to ensure your Personal Data is still accurate or needs to be completed or updated with the additional information you will have provided.
4. What happens if you do not wish to provide your Personal Data?
If you choose not to submit any Personal Data when requested, you may not be able to participate or take advantage of personalised features, and the Digital Media services and special services offered to you may be limited. For example, if you refuse to share your email address, you will not be able to register on our Digital Media. Except where required to ensure that users are of legal drinking age, to simply browse our Digital Media and learn more about Pernod Ricard and our products, you do not need to give us any Personal Data. In any event, we will always inform you of the Personal Data that is necessary in order to benefit from a service.
5. To whom do we disclose your Personal Data and why?
Pernod Ricard may share your Personal Data with third parties, but only in the following circumstances:
For support purposes: We may use service providers, agents or contractors to provide support for the internal operations of our Digital Media and to assist us with administering them or the various features, programs and promotions available on it. Any such third party shall at all times provide the same levels of security for your Personal Data as Pernod Ricard and, where required, are bound by a legal agreement to keep your Personal Data private, secure and to process it only on the specific instructions of Pernod Ricard;
For joint and co-sponsored programs and promotional purposes, to our partners and service providers: When we run a joint or co-sponsored program or promotion on our Digital Media with another company, organisation, or other reputable third party; and, as part of this event, collect and process Personal Data, we may share your Personal Data with our partner or sponsor, subject to your consent when required. If your Personal Data is being collected by (or is shared with) a company other than Pernod Ricard as part of such promotion, we will let you know this at the time your Personal Data is collected;
For litigation and safety purposes: We may also disclose your Personal Data if we are required to do so by law, or if in our good faith judgment, such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes, to respond to any claims, or to protect the security or rights of Pernod Ricard, its customers, or the public;
In the event of a merger or acquisition of all or part of Pernod Ricard by another company, or in the event that Pernod Ricard were to sell or dispose of all or a part of the Pernod Ricard business, the acquirer would have access to the information maintained by that Pernod Ricard business, which could include Personal Data, subject to applicable law. Similarly, Personal Data may be transferred as part of a corporate reorganisation, insolvency proceeding, or other similar event, if permitted by and done in accordance with applicable law.
Please note that when you apply for a position in a company of the Pernod Ricard group of companies, the company to which you apply acts as data controller for the purpose of handling your application and the recruitment process. Pernod Ricard will in any event act as data controller for the purposes of creating and managing your career account with the Pernod Ricard group of companies.
6. Is your Personal Data sent to recipients located outside the European Union and why?
Pernod Ricard is a global company and your Personal Data may be transferred across international borders. It may be transferred to countries that have a different level of data protection laws than the one existing in the country from where you submitted your Personal Data. Pernod Ricard takes the appropriate measures to maintain security of the Personal Data both during transit and at the receiving location by implementing contractual clauses as set out by the European Commission, in accordance with applicable law.
Our main service providers for the operation of our Digital Media and partners are based in the United States. The transfer of personal data to these service providers and partners are implemented in accordance with applicable laws and rely on standard contractual clauses as set out by the European Commission. Such service providers and partners, when they act as processors, are also bound by a contract that ensures a high standard of privacy protection and requires (amongst other provisions) that they act only on Pernod Ricard’s instructions and implements all technical measures necessary on an ongoing basis to keep your Personal Data secure.
7. How long do we keep your Personal Data?
We will store the Personal Data that you sent us via our Digital Media in our databases as long as your account is active, for the duration of the contract with you or as needed to provide you the services you requested or to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new services. We may also retain your Personal Data in accordance with our internal retention procedure as necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
We may thus retain your Personal Data after you stop using Pernod Ricard services or our Digital Media according to the statute of limitations.
We do not retain or store the information collected for the purpose of verifying that you are of legal drinking age.
The information collected through audience measurement cookies will only be retained for a maximum period of 25 months.
8. How do we secure your Personal Data?
Pernod Ricard takes all necessary technical and organisational measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your Personal Data collected via our Digital Media, including sensitive Personal Data. These efforts include but are not necessarily limited to: (i) storing your Personal Data in secure operating environments to which the public does not have access, but only authorised Pernod Ricard employees, and our agents and contractors; and, (ii) verifying the identities of registered users before they can access the Personal Data we maintain about them.
9. What are your rights regarding your Personal Data?
If your Personal Data has been processed on the basis of your consent,
you can withdraw your consent at any time, without prejudice to the validity of the processing prior to the withdrawal.
You can request
access
to your Personal Data;
You can request
rectification
of your Personal Data if it is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date;
You can request
the erasure
of your Personal Data (i) if your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purpose of the data processing, (ii) you have withdrawn your consent on the data processing based exclusively on such consent, (iii) you objected to the data processing, (iv) the Personal Data processing is unlawful, (v) the Personal Data must be erased to comply with a legal obligation applicable to Pernod Ricard.
You can request
the restriction
of the processing (i) in the event the accuracy of your Personal Data is contested to allow Pernod Ricard to check such accuracy, (ii) if you wish to restrict your Personal Data rather than deleting it despite the fact that the processing is unlawful, (iii) if you wish Pernod Ricard to keep your Personal Data because you need it for your defence in the context of legal claims (iv) if you have objected to the processing but Pernod Ricard conducts verification to check whether it has legitimate grounds for such processing which may override your own rights.
You can request
the portability
of the Personal Data you provided to us, in particular if the Personal Data processing is based on your consent or the performance of a contract.
You always have the option not to share any of your Personal Data with us. If you choose this option, you may be limited in the activities and features we can provide you.
You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data by us, including for marketing purpose based on profiling,
or if the data processing is based on the legitimate interest of Pernod Ricard (unless Pernod Ricard can demonstrate overriding compelling legitimate grounds).
You also have the right to give general or specific instructions on how your personal data processed under this Privacy Policy may be used after your death.
10. How we treat children's Personal Data?
Our Site is not intended for children under the legal drinking age (“Minor”), so we do not knowingly collect personal data from Minors. You must be at least eighteen years old to create an account and engage in any activities on our Digital Media. If we are notified or learn that a Minor has submitted Personal Data to us through our Digital Media, we will delete such Personal Data.
11. How can you contact us or lodge a complaint with the relevant Supervisory Authority?
If you have any questions, complaints, or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or our information collection practices, please contact us by writing to:
Pernod Ricard SA
5 cours Paul Ricard
75008 Paris
France
or sending an email to:
groupdpo@pernod-ricard.com
You are informed that you can also lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority of the country where you are located if you have any concern about the conditions of processing of your Personal Data by Pernod Ricard.
In France, you can contact the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL), whose website is accessible
here
.
12. Computer Security Incident Response Team
The Pernod Ricard CSIRT is an operational team responsible for preventing and responding to information security incidents affecting the Pernod Ricard group.
Description of Pernod Ricard CSIRT
Signature document
For any security incident involving the Pernod Ricard group as the source or target, you can reach out to the Pernod Ricard CSIRT at the following email address:
Csirt@pernod-ricard.com
.
13. Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
This privacy policy was last updated in July 2021.
Please enjoy our brands responsibly.
Do not share this website with anyone under legal drinking age.
Go to top of the page
About Cookies On This Site
We  use  our  own  and  third-party  cookies  for  analytical,  functional  and essential purposes in order to provide you with the services offered on our website, store information about your preferences as a user, analyze the use of the website and show you advertising, content and/or personalized services    based    on    your    browsing    habits    (e.g.    visited    pages). To  continue  browsing  the  website,  you  must  accept,  customize  or decline  the  cookies  that  will  be  applied  to  your  browsing.  For  more information, you can review our
Cookies Policy.
Accept
Options