Logo Maker
1000+ design materials, 200+ logo template provided for you
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://logo.yxzcloud.com/policy.html:
Logo Maker Privacy Policy
Logo Maker is a private album app to provide privacy protection services. This guideline will explain how Logo Maker will collect, use and store your personal information. We will use this Privacy Policy to explain the relevant details, including the following:
We will describe the types of personal information we collect and their corresponding use in order for you to understand how we collect specific type of personal information for a particular function, the reasons for its use and the methods of such collection.
Whilst using some features, we will collect your personal information after obtaining your consent. Unless it is required by the relevant laws and regulations for you to provide such information, refusing to provide such information will only result in you're not being able to use the specific functions relating to such information, but does not affect your normal use of other functions of Logo Maker.
At present, Logo Maker will not actively share or transfer your personal information to any third parties. Where the sharing or transferring of your personal information arises in some other situations, we will obtain your consent.
At present, Logo Maker will not actively obtain your personal information from a third party. If there is a requirement to obtain your personal information indirectly from a third party for future business development purposes, we will clarify with you the source, type and scope of such personal information. For example, if the specific development is beyond the scope of what you originally agreed to provide to a third party, we will obtain your prior express consent before processing your personal information, and we will strictly abide by the relevant laws and regulations and require that the third party guarantees the legitimacy of the information provided.
For more detailed information on the above, please refer to the relevant sections in the following index：
How We Collect Information
How We Use Information
How We Share, Transfer, Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
Information storage & security
Amendments
Contact us
1 How We Collect Information
You can use or store different types of data when you are using Logo Maker.In order to help you better use our products or services, we may collect and use your relevant information.
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with Logo Maker, the choices you make including your privacy settings and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include the following’s/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start/stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (Wi-Fi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc.
Logo Maker doesn't need you to register an account, so we we don't need to collect your personal identity information.
2 How We Use Information
Subject to applicable laws and regulations or agreements with users, we may use the collected information in the following ways.  If we use your information for purposes beyond the following purposes, we will explain to you again and ask for consent.
2.1 To provide you with our services
We use your personal information to provide and support the Service.  As part of providing the Service we may send you service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support-related messages through the Service or by email.  We may also communicate with you in response to your support requests, questions or feedback.
2.2 To meet your personal needs
We use the information we collected to carry out internal data analysis and research based on feature tags, and providing more accurate and personalized services and content.
2.3 Product development and optimization
We use the information we collect to better understand your interests and the Service, make improvements to the Service and to develop new features and services. When our systems have malfunctions, we will record and analyze the information generated when the system crashes, so as to further optimize our services
2.4 To ensure security
We will use your information for identity authentication, safety precautions, anti-fraud monitoring, storage and backup, customer safety service and other applications.
2.5 Push notifications
When you use our services, we may send emails, text messages, news or push notifications to you. You may follow the relevant notice to unsubscribe on the device.
2.6 To recommend ads, news etc. that you may be interested in to you.
2.7 To evaluate and improve the effect of ads and other promotions in our services.
3 How We Share, Transfer, Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
3.1 Share
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Logo Maker, except:
(1) We may share your personal information with your explicit consent: After granting your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties.
(2) In accordance with relevant laws and regulations or the requirements of government mandatory, we may share your personal information outside of Logo Maker.
(3) Share with our affiliates: We may share your personal data with our affiliates. We only share the necessary personal information and are bound by the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If affiliates want to change the purpose of personal information processing, they will ask for your consent again
(4) We may share your personal information with the authorized partners: For the purpose stated in this policy, some of our services will be provided by the authorized partners. We may share your personal information with our partners, to provide better customer service and user experience. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need to collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements.
3.2 Transfer
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except:
(1) Transferring with your explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we may transfer your personal information to other parties
(2) During merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization holding your personal information to continue to be subject to this policy; otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to seek for permission from you.
3.3 Public disclosure
We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
(1)When with your explicit consent.
(2)When we need to disclosure based on legal requirements: As required by laws, legal procedures, lawsuits or mandatory requirements of government authorities, we may publicly disclose your personal information.
4. Information storage & security
4.1 Where Information is Stored
We will act in accordance with laws and regulations and store personal information collected within the territory in China.
4.2 The Duration Storing Information
In general, we will keep your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill any of the applicable purposes of use described in this Privacy Policy; or to comply with applicable laws and regulations.In the event when we cease our products or services, we will notify you in the forms of push notifications, announcements, etc., and delete your personal information within a reasonable period of time.
4.3 Information Security
We use a variety of industry-standard technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  However, the security risk is inherent in all information technology.  Thus, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  If you believe the security of the Service or your personal information has been compromised, contact us immediately.
In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of push notifications and announcements.
5 Amendments
We may revise this Privacy Policy in due course. In the event where the terms of this Privacy Policy are amended, we will show you amended Privacy Policy by way of push notifications and/or pop-up windows when you log in or when the APP version has been updated. Please note that we will follow the updated Privacy Policy to collect, use and store your personal information only after you have tapped on the consent button in the pop-up window.
6 Contact us
If you have any other complaints， suggestions， or quarries regarding personal information of minors, please contact us at esvpnapp@gmail.com. We will review your queries as soon as possible and respond within thirty days after verifying your identity.