Privacy Policy
1. General
In order to provide its services, the game may request certain data from the user. The user is given full control of this data - they can refuse to provide it, they can change it or completely delete it from our servers.
This data is stored only on our servers. We do not provide this data to any other third party unless required by law.
The game is available on multiple platforms, this privacy policy covers data processed on all platforms. Each platform, the game's name on that platform and its corresponding URL are given below:
Meta Oculus: Virtual Chess (
https://www.oculus.com/experiences/quest/5105708302784271/
)
Google Play: Chess - Play online & with AI (
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pirinel.chess
)
Amazon: Chess - play online and with friends (
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B087J9CFPD
)
Huawei AppGallery: Chess (
https://appgallery.huawei.com/app/C104846671
)
Apple AppStore: Chess - Play With Friends (
https://apps.apple.com/app/chess-play-with-friends/id1509924265
)
What data is requested and how it's used is explained below.
1.1. Creating a profile
By default the game does not require any user data. The users can play the game freely without providing any details. It is only if they choose to create a profile that the game collects certain personal details. The personal data the game may collect from the users is the following:
display name: the name that others will see in the leaderboard or when playing with that user. It doesn't need to be the user's actual name.
email address: used for sign in purposes and for various app functionalities such as receiving game invites. Not publicly displayed anywhere or shared with anyone. It can be a disposable email.
country: used for displaying a flag next to the display name.
profile image: this is an optional image that is displayed next to the display name and country flag.
1.2. Online chat
Some of the games provide an online chat service where the users can exchange instant messages. These messages are not recorded anywhere and only exist temporarily for the duration of the game in the RAM memory of our servers and the users' devices. The messages are exchanged securely over encrypted SSL channels.
1.3. Friends
The game allows the option for users to add friends which makes it easier to play online games with them. This information is stored only on our servers and is not shared with 3rd parties.
1.4. Game history
The game keeps a history of the online games played by users for statistical purposes and for creating leaderboards. If a user chooses to delete their account, their name is removed from the game and it becomes anonymous.
These games are not publicly visible.
1.5. IP addresses
Due to the way the Internet works, when playing online, the players' IP addresses become visible to our servers. This behaviour cannot be changed without signifficantly changing the architecture of the Internet. Users who find this problematic are free to use a 3rd party service such as a VPN which allows them to hide their real IP addresses. The game will still work without limiting any functionality.
The same thing happens when accessing the website - the IP address, browser and operating system become visible to our servers.
The server logs that contain this informaiton are periodically cleared and are not shared with other parties.
1.6. Platform specific data collection
The game runs on multiple platforms and each platform has its own features. As a result of that, some of the platforms may collect additional data. This will be explained below.
1.6.1. Meta Oculus
On the Meta Oculus platform the application is named "Virtual Chess". On this platform the game may collect the following additional details:
Oculus user ID - this is a unique user ID that is specific only for this application. It is used in case game achievements need to be unlocked. It is also used in case a user made a purchase and that purchase needs to be stored into our database (the Oculus user id identifies who made the purchase). It is also used to verify app purchases on our backend server.
1.6.2. Amazon
On the Amazon platform the game may collect the following additional details:
Amazon user ID - this is a unique user ID that is specific only for this application. It is used in case a user made a purchase and that purchase needs to be stored into our database (the Amazon user id identifies who made the purchase) .
2. Data collected from third parties
The game may use personal user data from several third-party services. How this data is used and stored is described below.
2.1. Sign in with Google
In order to provide easier sign up and sign in functionality, the game provides a "Sign in with Google" button. This way we receive a user's name, email address and profile picture from Google without the need for the user to manually fill this data in. This is an optional step for simplification and the user is not required to do this in order to use our services. How we use and store this data is described in Section 1 of this privacy policy.
2.2. Sign in with Facebook
In order to provide easier sign up and sign in functionality, the game provides a "Sign in with Facebook" button. This way we receive a user's name, email address and profile picture from Facebook without the need for the user to manually fill this data in. This is an optional step for simplification and the user is not required to do this in order to use our services. How we use and store this data is described in Section 1 of this privacy policy.
3. Mobile Ads
On some devices the free version of the game uses 3rd party ad services. Details about them are provided below.
3.1. Admob
Admob is used on Android devices (downloaded from Google Play) and only in the free version of the game. A detailed explanation of how Admob handles and protects users' data can be found here:
https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en
.
3.2. Huawei Ads
Huawei Ads is used on Huawei devices (downloaded from AppGallery) and only in the free version of the game. A detailed explanation of how Huawei Ads handles and protects users' data can be found here:
https://consumer.huawei.com/minisite/cloudservice/privacy/index.htm
4. Diagnostics data
4.1. Google Analytics
Both the website and the game use Google Analytics in order to collect anonymous usage data for the following purposes:
record the number of users per given period
record app crashes, bugs and other similar errors
keep track of whether and how much certain app features are being used
A detailed explanation of how this data is processed can be found here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245
.
4.2. Unity Analytics
The game also uses Unity Analytics for the following purposes:
record the number of users per given period
record app crashes, bugs and other similar errors
keep track of whether and how much certain app features are being used
A detailed explanation of how this data is processed can be found here:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
5. Links to other websites
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
6. Use of cookies
Our website uses cookies for some of the services we provide you. To learn more about how we use cookies, please see our
cookie policy
.
7. Deleting your account
You can delete your account and all personal information associated with it by logging in to the website, going to the "Profile" page (
https://chesshold.com/profile
) and clicking "Delete account".
It's also possible to delete the account from the mobile app. You need to be logged in, then go to the main menu, Settings -> Delete account.
Your continued use of the website or software applications will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us at
privacy@chesshold.com
.
This policy is effective as of 21 December 2020.
It is last updated on 21 March 2023 to include details about platform specific data collection on Oculus and Amazon platforms as well as several formatting changes.
Menu
close
Play online
Leaderboard
Download
Puzzles
Sign In
Sign Up
Profile
Statistics
My games
Friends
Get login code
Logout
FEN / PGN viewer
Forum
We use cookies to improve your online experience.
Take a look at our
Cookie Policy
if you want to learn more and change your preferences.
GOT IT
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://consumer.huawei.com/minisite/cloudservice/privacy/index.htm:

Sub-policy 1
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
By clicking “Accept Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Cookie Settings
Reject All
Accept All Cookies
Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored
Your Privacy
Functional Cookies
Performance Cookies
Targeting Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Your Privacy
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
More information
Functional Cookies
Inactive
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
Inactive
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookies
Inactive
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Some 3rd party video providers do not allow video views without targeting cookies. If you are experiencing difficulty viewing a video, you will need to set your cookie preferences for targeting to yes if you wish to view videos from these providers. Unity does not control this.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel