PRIVACY POLICY
Updated Oct 22, 2024
Introduction
Hello, we are Hong Kong Aio Software Technology Co.,Limited.
Sleep Monitor (“we”, or “our” or “us”), is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
    in connection with your use of our app and website as well. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect
    about you and why, what we do with that information, and how we handle that information.
Information which permits us to identify you directly or indirectly is considered personal
    data in the European Union (EU) according to the provisions of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To
    the extent we collect and process any personal data that is covered by the EU GDPR, we will do so in accordance with
    the requirements of the EU GDPR. The principles of data protection not apply to anonymous information, namely
    information which does not relate to an identified or identifiable natural person or to personal data rendered
    anonymous in such a manner that the data subject is not or no longer identifiable.
In general, you can visit Sleep Monitor on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing
    any information about yourself. To the extent that you do provide information to us, we will never sell, rent or
    disclose your personally identifiable information to outside parties for their own marketing purposes without your
    consent. With your permission, we may send you e-mail regarding our new products, upgrades, or select third party
    products. We do not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
What type of information is collected from you?
Sleep Monitor only collects personal information which is reasonably necessary for its
    dealings with the individuals to whom the information relates. The types of personal information Sleep Monitor
    collects will depend on the particular dealings we have with you. However, generally, we collect and hold personal
    information about existing and prospective customers, our third party service providers and suppliers, and
    employment applicants.
Generally, Sleep Monitor collects personal information directly from the individuals
    concerned. For instance, there are times when we may need to collect information from you through our Web Sites.
    This generally involves filling out forms so you can download or order a Sleep Monitor or third party product from
    our Web Sites. When you download the products we require you to fill out a form with your name and email
    address.
Sleep Monitor may also collect personal information about individuals indirectly from third
    parties, such as from our business partners, from third party providers of marketing lists, and through various
    other methods, including:
- Cookies
- Referrers
- IP addresses
- System information
None of these methods can be used to identify, or reasonably identify, you with the exception
    of cookies, which can optionally store information that you may enter in forms on our Web Sites.
How and why is your information used?
You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can use our app or
    visit our website without providing us with any personal information. However, there are instances where we must
    have your personal information in order for us to grant you access to our protected and secured sites. This
    information may include registration data (your name, address, email address), information request data and response
    data ("User Information"). When you receive your confirmation email or when you receive any email from the list
    server, you will be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.
Use of User Information
We intend to use such information for purposes of supporting your relationship with Sleep
    Monitor by designing content that is suitable to your needs and alerting you to new product and service offerings as
    they become available. This User Information may be retained by Sleep Monitor to verify compliance with the
    agreement between Sleep Monitor and your employer, to keep track of the domains from which people visit us, to
    create a user profile to better serve you, or to simply contact you either electronically or otherwise. If you
    decide that we should not use your personal User Information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use
    that information for such purpose. However, please do not submit any User Information if you are less than 18 years
    of age.
Disclosure of User Information
Sleep Monitor does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. We
    disclose User Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the
    products and/or services you requested; we respond to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may
    separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide content for Sleep Monitor,
    in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information to these
    third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies. In the case of a
    personal data breach, we will without undue delay and, where feasible, not later than 72 hours after having
    become aware of it, notify the personal data breach to the supervisory authority and also communicate it to the
    data subject.
Accuracy and Security
The accuracy and security of the User Information is important to Sleep Monitor. If you
    contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such inaccuracies in a timely manner. And
    you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary
    statement. Sleep Monitor is concerned with the security of your User Information and is committed to taking
    reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. We implement
    appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, including
    pseudonymisation and encryption of personal data. We also put in place the appropriate physical, electronic and
    managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. We continue to implement procedures to
    maintain accurate, complete and current User Information. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your
    User Information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot
    guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our
    care，is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
Google Analytics and Advertising
Sleep Monitor uses all features of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers. This includes
    obtaining specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and keyword used to visit our Web Sites. Google
    Analytics does not store any visitor-specific data and we will not use visitor-specific data in any way related to
    Google Analytics, Google AdWords, and Remarketing. Sleep Monitor and other third-party vendors, including Google,
    use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick
    cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on visitors’ past visits to our Web Sites.
About GoogleFit
As a fitness-related app, we support you to connect to GoogleFit to provide you with more comprehensive services. You can choose
    whether to use GoogleFit based on your personal preference.
As a general rule, we do not transfer Google Fit data to third parties. Exceptions are made if transfer of data to a third party is
    necessary to (1) provide or improve user-facing functionality prominently in the user interface of our applications, (2) comply with applicable law, or
    (3) may merge, acquire, or sell assets without notifying users.
No one may read the Google Fit data we obtain from you unless (1) you give us permission to do so, (2) it is necessary for security
    reasons (for example, to investigate abuse), (3) we must comply with applicable law, or (4) our use is limited to internal operations and the data has
    been aggregated and anonymized.
How long is your information kept for?
We keep your information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes it was collected
    for. The length of time we retain your personal information for is determined by operational and legal
    considerations. For example, we are legally required to hold some types of information to fulfil our statutory and
    regulatory obligations .
We review our retention periods on a regular basis.
Your Rights
We provides you with the ability to exercise certain choices and controls in connection with
    our treatment of your information. You may have certain rights in relation to the personal information we collect
    about you. These may include the right to request access to the data we hold about you, or to obtain a copy of the
    personal information in machine readable format, to request that it is erased or that any inaccurate personal
    information is rectified. Depending on your relationship with Sleep Monitor (e.g., if you are a User or Business
    Partner), we provides you with the right to correct, modify, update or delete the Personal Information we collect on
    you as well as object to the collection or opt-out of the targeting advertising. You also have the right to ask us
    to restrict how we process your personal information or to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation,
    at any time to processing of personal data concerning you. We will no longer process the personal data unless we
    demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of
    the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Please contact
    SleepMonitor.dev@gmail.com if you would like to make a request. However, that we may need to retain certain
    information for record keeping purposes, to complete transactions or to comply with our legal obligations.
Children
Sleep Monitor do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of
    18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information through our Websites or Services.
    We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce this Policy
    by instructing their children never to provide personal information through the Websites or Services without their
    permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 18 has provided personal information to us
    through the Websites or Services, please contact SleepMonitor.dev@gmail.com, and we will use commercially
    reasonable efforts to delete that information.
Changes to our Privacy Policies
We revise our Privacy policy to keep it up to date with Sleep Monitor products, services and
    web pages. We will notify you of any changes we make by posting an updated version of this policy on our Web Sites.
    Any changes will take effect when they are so posted.
Contacting Us about Privacy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, our software or website practices, or would like to make a complaint about how we handle it, you may contact us as follows. We will investigate any complaint in writing and do our best to resolve it with you as soon as possible.
Email: SleepMonitor.dev@gmail.com
Recipient: Hong Kong Aio Software Technology Co.,Limited
Postal Address: Rm 2706 27/f Shui On Ctr 6-8 Harbour Rd Wan Chai