Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Application
Stress Monitor
is designed around privacy. We hope you will find this privacy policy clear and transparent. Do not hesitate to
contact
us at
dev@activeace.app
if you have any questions.
What information does the Application Stress
Monitor
obtain and how is it used?
The Application does not provide an option to create an account therefore, we do not store nor have access to your entries and data. Your health data are stored only locally on your device and all calculations are done on your device as well.
You can optionally backup your data to Apple iCloud. Your backups are stored in your private cloud space and we don't have access to your backup files.
We obtain your email address when you request support via email or customer support contact form. We use your email only to contact you to provide support, feedback, or important information.
T
he application collects some usage data that are essential for us to deliver our services, to understand your needs and to improve our services. The analytics services automatically collect certain information that does not personally identify our end users who access or use our mobile applications. This information includes but is not limited to device state information, unique device identifiers, installation UUID, device hardware and OS information, information relating to how application functions or anonymized IP addresses.
The application does NOT collect any personal data that directly identifies you such as your name, surname, email or anything you type within the app.
iCloud Backups
You can optionally backup your data using iCloud Drive. iCloud secures your information by encrypting it when it's in transit, storing it in iCloud in an encrypted format, and using secure tokens for authentication. For certain sensitive information, Apple uses end-to-end encryption. This means that only you can access your information, and only on devices where you're signed into iCloud. No one else, not even Apple, can access end-to-end encrypted information. You can read more about iCloud security overview here:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202303
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace this Policy at any time. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page. You should check this page from time to time and take note of any changes.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it