COCHLEAR GLOBAL PRIVACY NOTICE
When you interact with Cochlear Limited and/or any of its affiliated companies (“Cochlear”, or “we”), we may collect and use your personal information. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) explains what information we collect, why we collect it, how we may use it and how you can manage your personal information. 
This Notice covers both our online and offline data collection activities, including personal information that we collect through websites, apps, paper forms, customer services, third parties (e.g. clinics, clinicians, volunteers, etc.) and events.
When used in this Notice, “you” and “your” may refer to you or the person(s) you care for, depending on your situation.
The Cochlear company in your country, or the Cochlear company that provides you with assistance, is the data controller of your personal information.
Cochlear’s collection, use, or disclosure of Protected Health Information as defined by the US Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) is subject to our
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
.
In addition to this Notice, the
China Privacy Annex
applies to Cochlear’s Chinese customers.
Collection of information
Purposes of using information
Sharing of information
Storing of information
Security
Children’s information
Your rights
Cochlear Products, Apps and Services
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You are not required to provide personal information to us, but in some circumstances, we might not be able to provide all of our products, apps and services to you without your personal information. Depending on how you interact with Cochlear (e.g., online, offline, over the phone, etc.), we collect various types of information from or about you, as described below.
Contact information
: name and contact details, including postal address, email address, social media details or phone number.
Account and login information
: information that is required to give you access to your account, including username, email address, password in unrecoverable form, security question and answer.
Information from and about your use of Cochlear products, apps and services:
Cochlear receives information about which Cochlear apps you are using, how the app and/or your hearing device are used, which includes device details (e.g., device number, your account number, model, hardware version) and the services you use. To help us provide consistent services across your devices, we may associate the information we collect from and about you.
Information from computer/mobile device:
when you visit our websites or use our apps, we may receive data about the computer system or device you are using and/or analytical data, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, operating system type, web browser type and version, app version, app logs and errors encountered. If you access our websites or apps using a mobile device such as a smartphone, the collected information will also include, where permitted, the unique device identifier, advertising identifier, geo-location, and other similar mobile device data.
Demographic information and interests
:  information that describes your demographic or behavioural characteristics, including your date of birth, age or age range, sex, geographic location (e.g. postcode/zip code/country of residence) and information about your personal hearing journey from Cochlear Community forums or other services
Health data
: health and/or medical treatment information we receive directly from you or your hearing health professional.
Recorded media
: any photographs, videos and/or audio recordings of you which may be captured through interviews or at Cochlear-related events.
Payment and financial information
: information that you use to make a purchase, such as your debit or credit card details. We or our payment processing provider(s) handle payment and financial information in a manner compliant with applicable laws, regulations and security standards
Customer service interactions
: information shared with our customer service teams (via telephone, online or through any “contact us” features), your customer service and purchase history, and any information that you voluntarily share with us about the experience of using our products, apps and services (e.g., market research and consumer feedback)
User-generated content
: any content that you create and then share with us via third party social network platforms, when using messaging apps (e.g. WhatsApp) or chat bots, or by uploading it to one of our websites or apps. Where permitted, we may publish user-generated content as part of third-party social networking or website community and user engagement.
Third party social network information
: any information that you share publicly on a third-party social network or information that is part of your profile on a third-party social network (such as Facebook, etc.) and that you allow the third-party social network to share with us. Examples include your basic account information (e.g. name, email address, gender, birthday, current city, profile picture, user ID, list of friends, etc.) and any other information or activities that you permit the third-party social network to share. We receive this information (or parts of it) when you download or interact with a Cochlear web application on a third-party social network, when you use a social networking feature that is integrated within a Cochlear site or when you interact with us through a third-party social network. Social media platforms collect personal information about you through your use of their platforms and via cookies and similar technologies. To learn more about how your information from a third-party social network is obtained by Cochlear, or to opt-out of sharing such information, please visit the website of the relevant third-party social network.
Combining data
: we may combine the information you provide with other information we have collected from or about you, whether on‑ or off-line. We may also combine it with information we receive about you from other Cochlear affiliates and third parties (e.g., your hearing health professional).
Further information:
additional details about how your personal information may be used is available:
Cookies and similar technologies, click
here
.
Cochlear’s products, apps and services.
For healthcare professionals
: if you are a hearing health professional (e.g., surgeon, clinician, audiologist, administrative staff at health care sites), we may additionally collect information about you, your medical specialty and related clinic/hospital, your clinical and medical interests, your training records and your involvement with Cochlear products, apps and services.
Personal information from third parties
: we may receive personal information about you from other organisations or individuals. This includes health data and/or medical treatment, obtained directly from your hearing health professional, e.g. during pre- and post-surgery, and/or when registering a device. Such information may include your implant and sound processor serial numbers, device settings, and contact details to make sure you have access to our full customer support.
We may also acquire data from third-party providers to supplement our market analysis and marketing efforts, which helps us to provide you with a more personalised experience.
PURPOSES
Cochlear uses personal information for the purposes described below.
Purpose of using personal information
Legal grounds
(where applicable)
Product/ app/ service
Creation of your account:
to (i) identify you within our internal systems, (ii) provide you with access to products, apps or services and (iii) enable us to maintain your information in a single account
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Online store
Web portal
Registration of devices, warranty and records:
to (i) keep and maintain records relating to our medical devices and to track warranty periods, (ii) maintain a distribution record and device history record of Cochlear products and (iii) maintain a record of medical queries and/or complaints relating to our products.
Fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Cochlear Account
Marketing:
to (i) enable our marketing and promotional efforts, (ii) managing events, (iii) measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, (iv) inviting you to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us, or (v) providing you with offers and information related to our products, apps and services, which we believe will be of interest to you.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking
Personalisation:
to (i) analyse your preferences to understand what information you might be interested in receiving, (ii) to better understand your personal hearing journey and/or your experience with hearing devices to evaluate how Cochlear can best support and communicate with you, (iii) to provide you with targeted advertising and content and (iv) to improve and personalise your experience on our websites and apps.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Online store
Customer Service, support and notification:
to (i) provide full support for service and repairs (ii) communicate with you to provide support you request (iii) keep track of our interactions and to allow you to access relevant services and apps (iv) respond to queries and requests for information about our products and services, and (v) provide you with service-related notifications such as warranty expirations, delivery notifications and Remote Check reminders
Legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Cochlear Networking
Cochlear Account
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Product and service development and improvements:
to (i) improve our products, apps and services, and develop new products, apps and services, (ii) analyse product performance, service and reliability data (iii) improve the content, functionality and usability of our websites and apps (iv) develop and use algorithms for our products and services.
Legitimate interest
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Remote Assist
Cochlear Networking
Online store
Web portal
Scientific inquiry:
for scientific research to improve our products and services and support clinical study design and clinical trials.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interests, or legitimate interests and public health, or scientific research
Cochlear Apps
Remote Check
Post-market surveillance or Clinical follow-up:
to monitor our medical devices post-implantation required under applicable medical devices regulations.
Regulatory obligations
Analytics:
for (i) various analytic purposes e.g., tracking device usage and performance and screens, sound processor usage metrics, diagnostics, and completed Remote Checks and (ii) demographic and statistical purposes to better understand our customers and potential customers.
With your consent (where required), or fulfilling contractual obligations, or legitimate interest, or scientific research purposes
Cochlear Apps
Cochlear Networking
Third party social networks:
to (i) understand our social media audience demographics, preferences and interests, (ii) analyse trends and profiles, (iii) conduct market surveys through our social media platforms to enhance, modify, personalise and improve our services, (iv) process and respond to requests and enquiries, and (v) recommend products and services we think will be of interest to you via targeted online advertising.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking:
to (i) better understand your personal hearing journey and/or your experience with hearing devices, (ii) evaluate how Cochlear can best support and communicate with you, (iii) determine which market research activities and events will be most relevant to you, and (iv) better understand our customers and potential customers for demographic and statistical purposes.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest
Cochlear Networking
Job candidates:
for the purposes of the hiring process and, for selected candidates, as pre-contractual information.
The hiring process includes (i) assessing a job candidate’s suitability for one or more roles, (ii) maintaining a record of representations made to Cochlear at the time of application, (iii) helping us assess the effectiveness of our job applicant screening tools and processes, (iv) ensuring we understand the candidates’ background, strengths, and opportunities for development. The personal information of referees is processed for the purpose of completing an applicant’s work reference checks.
With your consent (where required), or legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations
Cochlear Job Applicants
Other purposes:
in accordance with applicable laws, for other general business purposes (e.g., conducting internal or market research, processing orders and payments) and for the management and operation of our communications, IT and security systems and to monitor for security or anti-fraud purposes.
Legitimate interest, or fulfilling contractual obligations, or regulatory obligations
Training for Volunteers and hearing health professionals:
to (i) provide access to training via Cochlear Academy or other platforms, (ii) report on the status and completion of training (iii) recommend training (iv) reporting and analytics.
With your consent 
(where required), or
regulatory obligations
Cochlear Academy
Analytics for hearing health professionals:
to (i) analyse product and service adoption and usage (ii) analyse sales volumes, (iii) conduct marketing analytics and (iv) generate market insights at both the individual professional level and at a clinic/hospital level. Some of this data may be de-identified and aggregated.
Legitimate interest
Cochlear Apps
Use of de-identified data.
We may process data that has been de-identified for purposes including analytics, product, app or service development, research and to train algorithms.
De-identification methods adopted are in accordance with applicable requirements (e.g., for the US we de-identify in accordance with HIPAA Safe Harbour or expert opinion, for other countries we pseudonymise or anonymise). Analytics may include marketing, website and app analytics, including the type of mobile device and operating system used, how often features within our app are used, and IP addresses to assess the general geographic region in which the app is used.
If you enable the analytics/diagnostics feature in a Cochlear App, the app will collect and send de-identified data to Cochlear about how the App is used and any errors it encounters. This data helps Cochlear continually improve its apps and other Cochlear products and services.
To ensure the security of your personal information Cochlear implements technological and administrative measures to (i) de-identify your personal information, (ii) receive de-identified information from third parties and (iii) prevent de-identified data from being associated with your identity.
Where practical and compatible with the purposes described in this Notice or communicated to you, we protect your personal information and privacy by aggregating or anonymising your personal information. In this case, after aggregation or anonymisation, the data will no longer be classified as personal information nor its use subject to this Notice.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Within the Cochlear Group.
We may share personal information within the Cochlear group of companies in your country of residence and abroad.  Each member of the Cochlear Group will use and share your personal information only as set out in this Notice.
With Our Service Providers.
We share personal information with organisations that provide or perform services to, for or on behalf of Cochlear in your country of residence or abroad; for example, our distributors, consultants, IT services providers and companies that provide website support services or that help us market our products and services.  In some cases, you may provide your personal information directly to these third-party service providers (e.g. when you make a purchase in our online store and enter your credit card information for payment), and the data may or may not be shared by that third party with Cochlear.  Our service providers are required by contract to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information we share with them and to use it only to provide services to us, and in compliance with applicable laws.
With Third-Parties.
We share your personal information with other third parties only with your consent (where required) or based on a lawful ground or obligation to do so. Except in situations where you have given your consent, we do not license or sell your personal information to third-party companies for their own marketing purposes. The identity of any such third-party company will be disclosed to you at the time we ask for your consent.
We may share your personal information with Cochlear Volunteers and recipients of Cochlear’s products and services as described in this Notice.
With Hearing Health Professionals.
We may share your personal information with your hearing health provider (clinic, hearing health professional, reimbursement authority) for the following purposes:
to assess your suitability for our products;
when you participate in Cochlear Connected Care programs;
to support your health care providers when using Cochlear’s products, apps and services, e.g., to allow sound processor configuration files (MAPs) to be securely backed-up by Cochlear and shared with your designated healthcare providers;
to help with your use of our products, apps and services; and
to help with your use of our products, apps and services, or for other reasons related to treatment, health care operations, or payment/reimbursements., e.g.   when you place an order for an applicable product or service, we may share your personal information with organisations paying for health services on your behalf (e.g., Medicare or Medicaid) and reimbursement authorities and insurance companies.
With parents and carers.
If and when applicable, your designated parent or carer will also be able to access the personal information we collect from or about you.
Business Transactions.
Your personal information may be transferred to a company that has acquired the stock or assets of a member of the Cochlear Group or one of our operating divisions, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganisation or liquidation.  If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company’s use of your personal information will still be subject to this Notice and the privacy preferences you’ve expressed to us.
Legal/Government Requests and the Protection of Cochlear and Others.
We may disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to:
comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena);
comply with lawful requests from public and governmental authorities, subject to these requests being lawful under applicable laws;
prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; or
protect the rights, property or safety of the Cochlear Group, our users or others.
STORING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Where is personal information processed and stored?
Processing and storage.
Cochlear is a global company, headquartered in Sydney, Australia, and with key facilities and personnel in the European Union, the United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere.  Your personal information may be transferred to, processed and stored in locations where Cochlear or its respective service providers operate.
Transfer of your personal information.
We may process your personal information outside your country of residence for the purposes set out in this Notice. When we transfer your personal information to other countries, we take reasonable steps to ensure that applicable laws are being followed and that adequate data transfer mechanisms are put in place.
To the extent that personal information is collected from residents of the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and transferred to countries which are not considered as having an adequate level of personal data protection, Cochlear takes steps to protect and otherwise process it in accordance with EU standards of data protection, namely:
(i)   we undertake transfer impact assessments, when necessary, and implement supplementary security measures, where required;
(ii)  we put in place European Commission/UK/Swiss-approved standard contractual clauses (and you have a right to ask us for a copy of these clauses by contacting us as set out below); and
(iii) we will rely on your consent, where required by law.
How long does Cochlear retain personal information?
Cochlear keeps personal information in an identifiable or de-identified form for as long as it is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was originally collected or any additional uses you have agreed to, or to satisfy our regulatory and legal record keeping obligations.  After that, we will either delete the information or anonymise it so that it is no longer associated with you. Specific data retention periods, if any, are detailed in the description of Cochlear’s products, apps and services.
SECURITY
Measures taken by Cochlear.
Cochlear has implemented appropriate physical, administrative, technical and organisational measures to help protect personal information from misuse, loss, and unauthorised access or disclosure.  Our security measures include appropriate access control, encryption (where appropriate) and regular security assessments.
Measures we expect you to take.
It is important that you also play a role in keeping your personal information safe and secure. When signing up for an online account, please choose an account password that would be difficult for others to guess and never reveal your password to anyone else. You are responsible for keeping this password confidential and for any use of your account. If you use a shared or public computer, never choose to have your username, email address or password remembered and make sure to log out of your account every time you leave the computer. You should also make use of any privacy settings or controls we provide you in our website/apps.
CHILDREN'S INFORMATION
How does Cochlear address children’s privacy and parents’ rights?
Our websites and services are intended for general adult audiences, including patients, parents and carers, and are not specifically directed toward children.
Child Accounts and Parental Consent
Certain Cochlear services and apps are accessed via a Cochlear Account. Child Accounts can be created with a parent or carer’s consent through the services and apps which permit their use, such as the Nucleus Smart App.  An email address may be used for communications related to a Cochlear Account and date of birth helps us ensure that Child Accounts are only created with the consent of a parent or carer.
Child Accounts access the same Cochlear services and apps available to adults, which may result in personal information being sent to Cochlear.  For example, a child using the Nucleus Smart App may enable features to synchronise data with Cochlear (see the Nucleus Smart App information in Cochlear products, apps and services.).
Parents or carers may review, edit, request the deletion, or prevent further collection or use of their children’s personal information by contacting us as described in this Notice.
YOUR RIGHTS
How can you access, correct or delete personal information?
We respect your right to make choices about the personal information we collect, use and share.  We take steps to help ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and current.
Under the privacy or data protection laws in your country of residence, you may have the following rights in respect of your personal information within Cochlear’s control: the right to request access, correction, revision, or deletion of your personal information. In some circumstances (i) we will not be able to delete your personal information without also deleting your user account; and (ii) we may be required to still retain some of your personal information to satisfy our legal or contractual obligations or to satisfy our business needs (where permitted by applicable laws).
In certain countries, you may also have additional rights to data portability, to opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information, to limit the use of your sensitive personal information to object to the use of your personal information or to request compensation for damages for any harms caused by the unlawful processing of your personal information. The rights set out above do not limit any other rights that you may have under privacy or data protection laws in your country of residence.
Where you have consented to the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.  You can unsubscribe from promotional or marketing communications via the unsubscribe links within the communications or by contacting us.
To help protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before providing you with access to your details or correcting, amending or deleting our records. Any identification information provided to us will only be processed in accordance with, and to the extent permitted, by applicable laws.
Whilst we hope that we can satisfy any queries you may have about the way we process your personal information, if you do have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to the relevant data protection authority in your country.
COCHLEAR PRODUCTS, APPS AND SERVICES
Cochlear Product/App/Service
Use of data
Cochlear™ Account
Creating a Cochlear Account enables you to login to and use a variety of Cochlear services and apps, such as the Baha Smart App, the Nucleus Smart App, the Osia Smart App, the myCochlear™ Recipient web portal, and our online store. Services which make use of Cochlear Accounts vary by country.
When you create a Cochlear Account, we ask for your name, email address and date of birth. We use this information to associate your Cochlear Account with your Cochlear device registrations to help us provide the most relevant services to you. Additionally, your email address may be used for communications related to your Cochlear account and date of birth helps us ensure that child accounts are only created with the consent of a parent or carer.
Cochlear Nucleus®, Baha® and Osia® Smart Apps
With the Nucleus®, Baha® and Osia® Smart Apps, you can update your hearing settings directly from a compatible Apple® or Android™ device.
The apps let you pair a compatible sound processor via Bluetooth® with your compatible smartphone, allowing you to change programs, adjust volume, control streaming accessories and locate a lost or misplaced sound processor.
When you log in to a Smart App with your Cochlear Account, information is sent to Cochlear about your sound processor.  This information allows Cochlear to validate that an app is being used with approved hardware (Nucleus and Osia).
You have the option to enable your Cochlear Smart App to notify you with alerts about your sound processor(s). This feature can be enabled or disabled in your smartphone’s app notification settings.
Your device’s GPS and Wi-Fi or cellular network can be used to help you find a lost or misplaced sound processor. A Cochlear Smart App can store the last location where a sound processor paired with the app was used.  Your location data is not sent to Cochlear. You can enable or disable this feature within your smartphone’s settings for location services.
Additional information for Baha Smart App
Baha Smart App allows you to register your sound processor with Cochlear and create an association with your fitting clinic to activate your device warranty and enable service and support to be provided.
Additional information for Nucleus Smart App
Hearing Tracker
When you pair your sound processor with Nucleus Smart App, you will be asked if you wish to enable Data Sync. Enabling Data Sync will mean that your processor usage data (data logs) is synchronised to the Cochlear Cloud, to give you Hearing Tracker insights. If Data Sync is not enabled, the processor usage data is only stored on your device and will not be synchronised.
Hearing Tracker is enabled on an individual recipient basis. If a parent or carer enables Data Sync for a recipient, Hearing Tracker will be enabled on all smartphones using the app with that recipient’s device, meaning data logs will be collected and sent to Cochlear. Similarly, if one parent or carer disables Data Sync, Hearing Tracker is disabled on all other smartphones.
Cochlear uses data logs in a de-identified form to identify trends, to advance and share scientific research findings, to understand how its products and services are used, and to continually improve its products and services.
Bimodal Control in the Nucleus Smart App
The Nucleus Smart App allows you to pair and manage a compatible ReSound hearing aid and Cochlear Sound Processor*. Bimodal control allows you to adjust volume or change programs for both of your hearing devices from a single app.  Cochlear does not process any personal information about your hearing aid.
* For compatibility information and devices visit
www.cochlear.com/compatibility
Cochlear™ Remote Assist
Remote Assist allows you to have live, pre-scheduled video appointments with your hearing health professional.
Use of Remote Assist is optional.  If used, Remote Assist is enabled by your Cochlear Account, the Nucleus or Baha Smart App and Cochlear’s preferred business cloud communications provider, Vonage®.
Cochlear does not process any personal information about your Remote Assist session.
Vonage records your IP address for customer support purposes and retains this information for seven days. Vonage processes IP addresses in accordance with the
Vonage Privacy Policy
. We recommend that you read this before using Remote Assist.
Cochlear™ Remote Check
Remote Check is a virtual assessment tool to allow you to complete a range of hearing health checks at a convenient time and place, without visiting the clinic.
Use of Remote Check is optional, this is determined by your clinician, together with you.
If used, Remote Check is enabled by your Cochlear Account and Nucleus Smart App.  In addition, you must provide permission via the app to share your data with your clinic and enable:
Data Sync, so your hearing health professional can access your data logs (this means you will also have access to Hearing Tracker); and
Data Sharing, to provide permission for your clinic to receive your data.
Cochlear processes the results of your Remote Check and then share them with your clinic for analysis. Results include hearing test data, photographs of your implant site, questionnaire data, data logs and diagnostic data from your implant and sound processor. If applicable, we process your debit or credit card details to enable a built-in payment functionality, which is facilitated by a third-party payment provider, who processes your payment.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Conversations
Cochlear Conversations is an invitation-only program offered by Cochlear to recipients, their parents and carers in select markets, to conduct market research and collect feedback from Cochlear customers to help inform and improve Cochlear products, apps and services.
You can leave Cochlear Conversations at any time by contacting us as set out at the end of this Notice.
Invitations are sent through different channels, depending on the contact information you have provided to us (e.g., email, mail, phone and text).
Your feedback or responses to survey and market research will be used to help improve our products and services. Your responses will be collected and reported on at an aggregate level, and we will always notify you beforehand if survey responses will be associated with you.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Events
Cochlear regularly conducts or supports a variety of events, including conferences (Events).
Your biographical and health information, such as your age or date of birth, your level and duration of hearing loss, and your use of hearing devices are processed for Events intended for candidates and/or recipients for Cochlear's hearing solutions and/or services: (i) to ensure that we are providing relevant content and speakers for the Event; (ii) to better understand our customers and potential customers for demographic and statistical purposes; (iii) to identify opportunities for you to participate in other Cochlear activities, such as the Cochlear Volunteer Program.
At some Events, we take recorded media to use in our communications and materials within Cochlear, as well as on our external websites, social media accounts, and print publications. We will always ask you before using recorded media which features you prominently in focus in an identifiable manner (e.g. a close-up photograph or video), however we may use recorded media without your consent if you are merely in the background, out-of-focus, or otherwise not readily prominent or identifiable.
If you agree to a separate talent/media release, we may share and use Recorded Media featuring your image and/or voice via social media, website, print or as otherwise specified in such a media release.
In limited circumstances, we may assist with booking travel and/or accommodation for Events. In these instances, we will use travel details, including any national identity documents or payment details, only as necessary to complete the booking.
We retain records of Event registration and attendance only for as long as is necessary for the proper management and administration of the Event and to analyse event demographics and trends over time.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Family
Cochlear Family is a free-to-join membership program offered by Cochlear to recipients in select markets. It supports recipients, their families and carers as they learn to use and live with their device.
Members of Cochlear Family receive communications from Cochlear, which may include information about new products and services, special offers, invitations to events and surveys.
You can leave Cochlear Family at any time by contacting Cochlear in your country.
Communications are delivered through different channels, depending on the contact information you have provided (e.g., email, mail, phone and text).
We use your personal and health information to offer you the benefits of the Program membership, as described in the
Cochlear Family Terms
and to tailor membership communications, including marketing, to your interests.
Cochlear Networking - Cochlear Volunteers
Our Cochlear Volunteer Program is a team of volunteers made up of thousands of people and their loved ones around the world who hear with a Cochlear solution. They all share one thing in common – a passion for helping others on their hearing journey.
Our Cochlear Volunteers share their stories, offer support and provide information to anyone considering or getting a Cochlear hearing solution, including parents, carers, family members or friends. We use this information, along with other biographical information, to identify opportunities for recipients, parents and carers to participate in the Cochlear Volunteer Program.
Personal history as a Cochlear implant recipient or carer, as well as interests, skills and availability will be used to identify opportunities for you to participate in the Cochlear Volunteer Program, including connecting you with individuals interested in learning more about your personal experience with hearing loss or as a loved one to a cochlear implant recipient.
We will retain your volunteer information for as long as you remain in the program. If you do not join the Cochlear Volunteer Program, the personal information included in your expression of interest will be destroyed shortly after such a determination.
Cochlear Academy (for Professionals)
Creating a Cochlear Academy Account enables you to login to and use a variety of Cochlear online learning, classroom-based learning, webinars, reading, videos and links to websites.
Your training records will be available to you and others based upon your choice among the sharing options in the learning platform.
Cochlear Job Applicants and Referees
Personal information collected
When you apply to work at or for Cochlear, you are asked to provide information, such as contact details, a detailed employment and educational history (e.g. resume and/or academic transcripts), proof of work eligibility (e.g. passport and/or visa), a description of your skills (e.g. foreign languages) and referees’ contact details (if any).
Personal information about you may also be collected from others as a result of:
Interview feedback
Reference checks
Background checks
Web searches such as via Google or LinkedIn
Psychometric assessments
The specific information requested from you and collected from others may vary by country.
Sharing with third parties
Beyond our use of service providers acting on Cochlear’s behalf, personal information collected in the job application process will not be shared with third parties without your consent.  When you provide personal or employment references as part of your job application, Cochlear may contact those individuals and disclose to them that you have applied to work at Cochlear.
We may share your personal information with the referees you designate or other third parties, and we can collect from them additional personal information about you for the purpose of completing the background check process. Likewise, if you are a referee we may collect and use your personal information.
Retention period
In the event that your application to work at or for Cochlear is successful, we will retain your job applicant data for the duration of your employment/engagement at Cochlear.  If you leave Cochlear’s employment/engagement, your job applicant data will be deleted in accordance with Cochlear’s internal data retention and deletion standards.
Cochlear deletes job applicant data within 12 months of an unsuccessful application, unless you have asked Cochlear to keep the application data on file to consider you for future roles, in which case the data will be deleted within 5 years of the last time you were considered for a role.
CONTACT US
How can you raise questions or concerns about this Notice or Cochlear's Privacy Practices?
If you wish to exercise any of your rights,  or raise any questions or concerns about this Notice or how Cochlear handles your personal information, please contact us via email at
; or by contacting the
Cochlear entity
in your country or your closest regional Cochlear office:
Cochlear Limited
Attn: Global Privacy Office
1 University Avenue
Macquarie University
NSW 2019
Australia
+61 2 9428 6555
Cochlear Americas
Attn: Privacy Office
10350 Park Meadows Drive
Lone Tree, CO 80124
United States of America
+1 800 523 5798
Cochlear AG
Attn: Privacy Office
Peter Merian-Weg 4
4052 Basel BS
Switzerland
+41 61 205 82 04
Cochlear Latinoamérica SA
Attn: Privacy Office
International Business Park
Building 3835, Office 403,
Panama Pacifico
Panama
+507 830 6220
UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE
We periodically update this Notice for a variety of reasons, including changes in laws, regulations and our business practices.  We encourage you to regularly review this Notice to make sure that you are aware of what is new.
Publication date:
14/06/2024
D1425384 V15 2024-06
Baha, Cochlear, Osia, Nucleus, Hear now. And always, the elliptical logo, and marks bearing an ® or ™ symbol, are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Cochlear Bone Anchored Solutions AB or Cochlear Limited (unless otherwise noted).
The
Bluetooth®
word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by Cochlear Limited is under licence.
Apple is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.
Android is a trademark of Google LLC.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://assets.cochlear.com/api/public/content/56798917ab0542fb9d10335b331d32a3?v=edf2d9c2:

Sub-policy 1
https://assets.cochlear.com/api/public/content/f5cb2168f08f4b8eaa4048622079e500?v=1d9be99b:

Sub-policy 2
https://www.vonage.com/legal/privacy-policy/:
Device Type: desktop
For a better experience, switch to a different browser.
You’re currently browsing in Internet Explorer 11. We recommend using a different browser to get the best experience on our website, like Chrome, Safari or Firefox.  Thanks!
Fri Mar 14 2025 08:56:10 GMT+0000 (Greenwich Mean Time)