Privacy Policy
B6 Games built the Solitaire Games app as
    a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by
    B6 Games at no cost and is intended for
    use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding
    our policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use
    our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree
    to the collection and use of information in relation to this
    policy. The Personal Information that we collect is
    used for providing and improving the Service.
    We will not use or share your
    information with anyone except as described in this Privacy
    Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings
    as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at
    Solitaire Games unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
    Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service,
    We may require you to provide us with certain
    personally identifiable information. The
    information that we request will be
    retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect
    information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers
      used by the app
Google Play Services
AdMob
Firebase Analytics
Facebook
Flurry Analytics
Log Data
Whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the
    app we collect data and information (through third
    party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your device Internet
    Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system
    version, the configuration of the app when utilizing
    our Service, the time and date of your use of the
    Service, and other statistics.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are
    commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are
    sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and
    are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly.
    However, the app may use third party code and libraries that
    use “cookies” to collect information and improve their
    services. You have the option to either accept or refuse
    these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
    device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be
    able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies
    and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this
    Service that these third parties have access to your
    Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks
    assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated
    not to disclose or use the information for any other
    purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us
    your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
    commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember
    that no method of transmission over the internet, or method
    of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and
    We cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click
    on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site.
    Note that these external sites are not operated by
    us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to
    review the Privacy Policy of these websites.
    We have no control over and assume no
    responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or
    practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
    We do not knowingly collect personally
    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case
    we discover that a child under 13 has provided
    us with personal information,
    We immediately delete this from our servers. If you
    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
    has provided us with personal information, please contact
    us so that we will be able to do
    necessary actions.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS - YOUR AD CHOICES
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Websites and/or use the Mobile Apps. These
    companies may use information about your visits to any of the Websites and other websites and the Mobile App(s) and
    other mobile applications in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. You have
    the ability to opt out of the use of your information for purposes of online third-party advertising. If you would
    like more information about your choices, visit aboutads.info. You may have the ability to manage tracking and ad
    preferences on your mobile device from your devices settings. We do not respond to Web browser "do not track"
    signals or other similar mechanisms.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICING AND TERMS
In our game we have the following subscription length:
Monthly subscription for ads free experience for $1.99 offers a monthly subscription after a first weekfree trial, unlocks special features and removes all ads.
End of trial and subscription renewal
This price is for United States customers. Pricing in other countries may vary and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user’s Account Settings after purchase.
Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
Canceling trial or subscription
You can turn off the auto-renew for the subscription whenever you want to through iTunes. Check https://support.apple.com/HT202039. When your current trial/subscription period expires, you will be unsubscribed. The current active subscription period can not be canceled. After your subscription expires, you will no longer be able to use subscription benefits.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from
    time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. We will
    notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately after
    they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about
    our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact
    us at
ligeria.net@gmail.com
.