Privacy Policy
Last updated: 03 March 2025
We respect the privacy of every individual who uses our apps. Please read the following to understand our Privacy Policy.
Personal Information
We do not collect, store, or use any personal information while you download, use, or update our apps.
All user-generated data created using our apps is stored
locally on your device
. We do not have access to this data and do not store it on any external servers or cloud services.
Non-Personal Information
We may receive and use certain non-personal information from Apple's developer services, including but not limited to:
Install date
Territory (Country/Region)
Device type
Purchase events (for certain apps, such as NiBoard, for analytics purposes only)
This information is used solely to improve the app experience. Purchase event data, where applicable, is used for informational purposes and we may use Zapier (
https://zapier.com
) to process purchase notifications in real-time without storing purchase-related data. For more information on how Zapier handles data, please see their
Privacy Statement
.
Cookies on Our Website
Our website, hosted by GoDaddy (
https://www.godaddy.com
) , uses cookies to improve your browsing experience and for analytical purposes. These cookies are managed by GoDaddy, and we do not have access to the data they collect. By using our website, you agree to GoDaddy's use of cookies as outlined in their Privacy Policy.
Notice
The 'App Support' and 'Privacy Policy' URLs listed on the App Store Product Page for our apps are linked to this website for informational purposes. For more details about GoDaddy's Privacy Policy, please visit their
website
.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be reflected on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Email
:
support@enidapps.com
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.
Decline
Accept
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://zapier.com/privacy:
Zapier Privacy Statement
Posted date: December 20, 2024
Effective date: January 20, 2025
Prior version
What this Statement Covers
This Zapier Privacy Statement (“
Statement
”) describes how Zapier, Inc. and our affiliated entities (“
Zapier
” or “
we
” or “
us
”) collect, use, process, and share the information of users of our Sites and Services (“
you
” or “
your
”), your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. By using our Sites or Services, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of your personal information as described in this Statement.
In this Statement, the following definitions apply:
“
personal information
” or “
information
” means any personally identifying information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We may collect personal information about you from various sources described below.
“
Services
” means Zapier’s cloud-based automation platform available at
zapier.com
after log-in, Zapier’s developer platform, Zapier APIs and any updates, upgrades, modified versions, extensions, improvements, and derivative works of the foregoing, and any related support and professional services.
“
Sites
” means zapier.com, community.zapier.com, experts.zapier.com, and any other Zapier website, blogs, social media accounts, communities, webpages, forms, promotions, surveys, or events that link to this Statement.
Our Sites are not directed at children under the age of 16, and our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you may not use the Services or provide your information to us through the Site.
For certain individuals, one or more of the following supplemental notices may apply:
Services Supplemental Notice
UK and EU GDPR Supplemental Notice
U.S. States Supplemental Notice
Applicant Supplemental Notice
Personal Information We Collect
We may collect a variety of personal information about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
Information You Provide Us
Registration Information
. If you sign up for an account to use our Services, register to join a community on our Sites, sign up for emails, newsletters or other updates, we may ask you for basic contact information, such as name, email, username, phone number, title, role within your team or organization, and mailing address.
Your Communications with Us
. If you contact us directly (via a contact form, phone, email, chat, or other means), we may collect personal information from you. We may also store the contents of any message or attachments that you send to us or you choose to provide that relate to your communications.
Support Information
. When you request support services or professional services, we will process your personal information such as your name and the contact details you use to contact us, as well as information on the reasons for your support request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
Events
. If you register for an event that we host, whether in-person or online, we may collect relevant information like your name, phone number, and email address, as well as specific information relevant to the event for which you are registering. We also may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect contact information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in Zapier or the Services.
Surveys
. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information which may include contact information and other information about you.
Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests
. We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing, and business purposes.
Interactive Features
. On certain Sites, we may offer interactive features such as community, forum, blog, chat, and social media pages. We and others who use such Sites may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide via these Sites will be considered “public” and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you understand that the information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. For sharing information through these interactive features on our Sites, we may require you to create an account within the relevant community, in which case we will collect your personal information related to account registration. If you have an account in the Services, we will associate your membership and activities with your Services account.
Payment Processing Information
. When you create a paid account for the Services or otherwise initiate a transaction with us, we use a third-party payment processor to process the payment. We do not collect your credit card number, expiration date, or PIN. The transaction details we retain are those details that allow us to verify that you paid for the Services or transaction, including price, currency, date of payment, payment method, name, and account name.
Services Usage Information
. Certain features of the Services allow you to integrate with, and create actions or commands between, various third-party applications, and process information. The
Services Supplemental Notice
describes how Zapier processes personal information in connection with your use of the Services.
Information Collected from Other Sources
Partner Programs.
We have several partner programs that we make available, including our developer platform program (which allows third-party application providers to build integrations to Zapier), our experts program (which connects experts who help our customers set up and use the Services), our partner reseller program (where authorized partners may resell our Services), our partner referral program (where authorized partners may market and refer users to our Services), and other business partner programs. Partners may also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads, or they may resell our Services. Through partner programs, we collect account registration information (like name, email address, company, and phone number), information about an individual’s technical skill set, comments, questions or feedback, rating or ranking information, images, content, or other information you provide. We may also receive information from our partners (like business contact information, address, job title, email address, or phone number).
Third Parties
. We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including from third parties that help us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, or detect or prevent fraud. We may also receive personal information about you from social media platforms, such as when you interact with us on those platforms or access our social media content. What information we receive from third parties is governed by the privacy settings, policies, and/or procedures of those third parties, and we encourage you to review them.
Information Collected Automatically
Technical, Device, and Connection Information
. When you visit and interact with our Sites or use our Services, we automatically collect certain information. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred general location based on your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during and after using the Sites or Services, and information about the links you click while using the Sites or Services. Information we collect may be associated with other accounts and devices.
Usage Information
. To help us understand how you use our Sites and Services and to help us improve them, we may collect data about your interactions with our Sites and Services. This includes information such as crash reports, session lengths and times, the pages or other content with which you engage, any searches you conduct on our Sites and Services, information about how you interact with the Sites or Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, and other information about how you use the Sites or Services.
Cookies and Similar Technology
. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, local storage, and other technologies (“
Cookies
”) to automatically collect information through the Sites or Services. Cookies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Sites or Services. This information may include IP addresses, location, device type, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, click data, and device-identifying data. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information that you provide us through other channels. You can learn more about these Cookies in the
Zapier Cookie Notice
.
Advertising
. In using the Sites or Services, we may allow select third-party advertising technology partners to place Cookies on the browser of your device to collect information about you as discussed above. These third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers) may use this information to serve relevant content and advertising to you as you browse the Internet and access their own Cookies on your browser to assist in this activity. If you are interested in more information about these online advertising activities and how you can generally control Cookies from being put on your computer to deliver tailored advertising, you may visit the
Network Advertising Initiative's Consumer Opt-Out link
, the
Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Opt-Out link
, or
Your Online Choices
to opt out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. We do not control these opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs. We are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. You can also opt out of certain online advertising activities by following the instructions in the "Your Choices" section below. Please note that if you use these mechanisms, you may still see advertising on our Sites or across the Internet, but it will not be tailored to you based on your online behavior over time.
How We Use Personal Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for a variety of business purposes, including:
Providing Services
, including to operate, maintain, support, provide our Services and Sites, and answer requests for customer or technical support.
Processing Payments
, including fulfilling our contract with you and processing your payments (which are processed and stored by our third-party payment processors on our behalf).
Communicating with You
, including to contact you for administrative purposes (e.g., to provide services and information that you request or to respond to comments and questions), to send you marketing communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us, or to respond to questions, comments, and other requests.
Personalization
, including to provide access to certain areas, functionalities, and features of our Sites and Services to you, and provide you with the most relevant marketing and advertising materials.
Marketing Zapier Products and Services
, including to provide information about Zapier and Zapier products and services, including events, surveys, contests, offers, and promotions.
Analytics and Product Development
, including to analyze usage trends and preferences in order to improve our Sites and Services, and to develop new products, services, and features.
Customer and Vendor Relationship Management
, including to track emails, phone calls, and other actions you have taken as our customer or vendor.
Aggregate or Anonymize Personal Information
, and use the resulting information for statistical analysis or other purposes.
Automated Decision-Making
, including by processing your personal information using automated means to help make decisions about how we provide the Sites and Services to you. At a high level, this may involve using Services usage and purchase history. This allows us to offer you more relevant products, services, events, and promotions.
Administrative and Legal
, such as to address administrative issues or to defend our legal rights, to enforce our agreements, and to comply with our legal obligations and internal policies, as permitted by law.
Security
, through the processing of personal information to protect the integrity, availability, performance, and security of the Sites, Services, or third-party applications integrated with the Services, including preventing and prosecuting potentially prohibited or illegal activities or any uses of our Sites or Services in violation of our
Acceptable Use Policy
.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share information when one of the following circumstances applies:
Consent
. We may share information with companies, organizations, and other third parties with your consent or to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information.
Public Posts
. Any information that you voluntarily choose to post to a publicly accessible area of our Sites will be available to anyone who has access to that content.
Service Providers
. We may share information with service providers retained in connection with the provision of Sites or the Services. These service providers are only permitted to use this information to provide their services to us, not for their own purposes.
Business Partners
. We may share information with our partners (including resellers, referral partners, integration partners, experts in our community, or developer platform partners) for the purposes of the applicable partnership agreement or to enable our partner programs. At your request, we may provide information to business partners to provide you with a product or service of interest to you. We may also provide information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.
To Provide the Services, Partner Programs, and Communities
. We may share information with your teammates, account administrators, billing contact, or technical account users. We will also share your information with third-party applications (at your direction or the direction of an account owner) when an account holder uses the Services. If you participate in our partner programs or communities, we may share your information with other partners, community members, customers, or other users (like when you comment or share information, rate an expert, or express interest in a partner integration).
To Market our Services or Partner Programs
. We may share information with third-party service providers who help us market our Services or our partner programs. These service providers may provide virtual or live events, email marketing tools, sales engagement, or lead generation tools.
For Corporate Transactions
. We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives, and other relevant participants in connection with any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, divestiture, or change in control involving all or a portion of our business or assets, including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
For Legal Reasons
. We may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with legal obligations, law enforcement requests, and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) respond to your requests; (iii) establish, enforce, or defend legal claims, or (iv) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety.
With Advertising and Analytics Providers
. We use analytics services to collect and process certain analytics data. We also work with third-party advertising partners. These services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. These partners include:
Google
We use Google’s services to collect and process analytics data and to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Google Privacy and Terms
Meta
We use Meta’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Meta [Facebook] Data Policy
Facebook Advertising
LinkedIn
We may use LinkedIn’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users, as well as to advertise openings to potential employees.
LinkedIn Privacy Policy
LinkedIn Cookie Policy
Microsoft
We use Microsoft’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
Microsoft Advertising policies
TikTok
We use TikTok’s services to place ads that we think may interest our users and potential users.
TikTok Privacy Policy
Your Choices
You may have the right to object to or opt out of certain uses of your information. Where you have consented to the processing of your information for a specific purpose, you may withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us as described below. Even if you opt out, we may still collect and use your information for other purposes that were not based on your consent.
Email Communications
. From time to time, you may receive marketing or other informational email messages from us. You can unsubscribe from our promotional and marketing emails via the link provided in the emails. You may continue to receive administrative messages after opting out of receiving promotional messages from us. This opt-out does not apply to information necessary to deliver the Services, communities, or partner programs, like your account information or notices we send about the Services’ operation.
Cookies
. Most web browsers allow you to manage Cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about Cookies, you can visit
www.aboutcookies.org
or
www.allaboutcookies.org
. Additionally, Zapier provides you with a cookie manager for you to update your preferences in our Cookie settings. You can access your Cookie settings labeled as “Manage cookies” in the bottom right section of the Zapier website.
Advertising
. You can learn more about Google’s privacy practices and your options about how they use your information on Google’s
website
. You can also install the
Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
. Meta, the parent company of Facebook, provides information about how it uses the information it collects through our Services in its
Data Policy
. You can also learn specifically about Facebook’s advertising practices on its
website
. Some of our advertising partners are members of the
Network Advertising Initiative
or the
Digital Advertising Alliance
. You can visit those organizations’ websites to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based, personalized ads from their member companies. You can also access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking.
Your Data Privacy Rights
Depending upon your location and in accordance with applicable laws, you may have the right to:
Access
information about you consistent with legal requirements. In addition, you may have the right in some cases to receive or have your electronic information transferred to another party.
Request Correction
of your information where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Request Deletion
of your information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Request Restriction or Object to Processing
of your information.
Not be Discriminated Against
by us for exercising your privacy rights.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights in connection with the Services, please use the features we make available for this purpose
here
.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights in connection with the Sites, please contact us as set forth below. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws, and in some circumstances may need to deny your request in whole or in part (e.g., if we have a legal obligation to maintain your information for a certain purpose). To protect your privacy, we will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request, such as by requiring you to submit your request via your account. You have the right to submit a request through an authorized agent, but we will require the agent to provide us with your written permission, and we may need to confirm your identity before processing the agent’s request.
Depending on your location of residence, you may have the right to appeal our response to your request. In such circumstances, we will inform you of the right to appeal and the appeal process.
Third-Party Services
Our Sites and Services may contain links to other websites, products, applications, or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the content provided by, or the privacy practices of, these third parties. Please be aware that this Statement does not apply to your activities on these third-party websites, products, applications, or services, or any information you disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
Data Security and Data Transfers
Data Security
. Zapier takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. However, no application, Internet, or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, and we do not guarantee the security of any personal information. You are also responsible for ensuring that your account and your passwords are protected.
Data Storage and International Data Transfers
. Information that we collect from the Sites will be transferred to, and processed in, the United States and in any other country where Zapier or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or third-party service providers maintain facilities or personnel. These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We follow applicable data protection laws when transferring personal data. If you are a resident in or a visitor from the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside of such locations by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for personal information, or otherwise by implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful transfer mechanism approved by the European Commission.
For data transfers and storage of information we collect from your use of the Services, please refer to the details in the
Services Supplemental Notice
.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework
Zapier complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
EU-U.S. DPF
”), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF
”), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the “
UK Extension
”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension.
Zapier has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to: (1) the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
EU-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF; (2) the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (“
Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles
”) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF; and (3) the UK Extension with regard to the processing of personal data received from the UK in reliance on the UK Extension (together with the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the “
DPF Principles
”). If there is any conflict between the terms in this Statement and any applicable DPF Principles, the applicable DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
.
In cases of onward transfer of personal information to third parties of data of EU, Swiss, and UK individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S DPF, and the UK Extension, and in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principals, Zapier will remain liable.
Dispute Resolution
You may direct any questions or complaints about this Statement to us by contacting us through the channels indicated below. Any disputes arising out of or related to this Statement will be handled in accordance with the dispute resolution process indicated in your contract with Zapier that refers to this Statement, if applicable. In the case of users of our Services, that means our
Terms of Service
or a signed
Enterprise Agreement
.  For users of our developer platform, that means the
Zapier Platform Agreement
. In the case of users of our Sites, that means our
Website Terms of Use
.
Data Protection Framework Complaints
In compliance with the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF, Zapier commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal data. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF should first contact Zapier at the contact information provided below.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension, Zapier commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU–U.S. DPF, the UK Extension, and the Swiss–U.S. DPF.
As a last resort, and in limited situations, EU, Swiss, and UK individuals may invoke binding arbitration from the E.U.-U.S. DPF Panel for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the DPF Mechanisms:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
.
Notice of Changes
The Services, the Sites, and our business may change from time to time. As a result, we may make changes to this Statement. We reserve the right to update or modify this Statement at any time and from time to time. If we make changes to this Statement, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page that a change has been made and the date the Statement was last revised. Your continued use of the Site or Services after the date any such notice constitutes your acceptance of the modifications. We encourage you to read this Statement periodically to stay up to date about our privacy practices.
Contacting Zapier
If you have any questions or comments about this Statement, how we collect and use your information, your choices or rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone
: (877) 381-8743
Email
:
privacy@zapier.com
Postal Address
:
Zapier, Inc.
Attn: Legal Department/Privacy
548 Market St. #62411
San Francisco, CA 94104-5401
Change Log
Date of Change
: December 20, 2024
Description of Change
: Updates made to the Statement to:
Restructure the Statement and its language to be easier to navigate and understand.
Add information about campaigns and features through which your information may be collected such as additional Zapier partner programs.
Add additional detail about uses of collected personal information and data privacy rights.
In the GDPR Supplemental Notice, clarify legal bases to process personal information
Expand California Privacy Notice into U.S. States Supplemental Notice.