National Transport Authority
Privacy Notice – TFI Go App
This Privacy Notice is issued by the National Transport Authority of National Transport Authority, Haymarket House, Smithfield, Dublin 7, D07 CF98 (“NTA”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
We provide a mobile ticketing scheme and mobile application called ‘TFI Go’ as a convenient way to pay for and use public transport services (the “TFI Go App”). The purpose of this notice is to inform you of the data relating to you that we may collect and use in connection with the TFI Go App and the uses (including disclosures to third parties) we may make of such data. If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, please contact us at privacy@nationaltransport.ie.
Personal Data that we collect and Process
We will collect and process personal data relating to you in connection with your use of the TFI Go App and our relationship with you. This personal data may include:
your contact details, including your name and email address;
your social media ID, should you choose to register with a social media account
your phone ID;
a customer id, generated by our systems
details of any mobile tickets that you purchase via the TFI Go App; and
your bank account details, should you provide them in order to request a SEPA refund
any other personal data relating to you that you provide to us or that we generate about you in connection with your use of the TFI Go App.
If you purchase a ticket for public transport services on the TFI Go App, you will be re-directed to a payment page where you will be asked to provide your credit/debit card details.  This payment page is hosted by AIB Merchant Services (“
AIBMS
”).  Further details in relation to the processing of your credit/debit card details by AIBMS are set out in the AIBMS Privacy Notice, a copy of which is available
here
.
Purposes of Processing and Legal Basis
We will use personal data relating to you for the purposes of:
facilitating your use of the TFI Go App in accordance with our
Terms and Conditions
;
registering you with an account on the TFI Go App;
enabling you to manage your account on the TFI Go App and to validate tickets and to provide you with receipts;
logging your transactions on the TFI Go App and calculating your ticket usage;
verifying your identify should you contact customer services;
providing you with customer support, including issuing replacement tickets, issuing refunds and transferring tickets from one phone to another;
sending you essential service-related communications via app notifications (notifications can be switched on or off in your phone’s app settings);
generating and analysing statistics regarding usage of the TFI Go App and public transport services.  Where possible, personal data will be anonymised before being used for this purpose;
sending you promotional and marketing materials, subject to any preferences that you express when we collect your contact details or subsequently. You can opt out of receiving promotional and marketing materials from us at any time by using the ‘unsubscribe’ facility.
fraud prevention, investigation and detection;
establishing, exercising or defending legal claims;
performing our functions as a public authority and complying with our legal obligations.
The legal bases on which we process your personal data are:
that this is necessary for the performance of our contract with you governing your use of the TFI Go App;
that this is necessary for the performance of tasks that we carry out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us by law;
that this is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation that applies to us
In the circumstances where we send you marketing and promotional communications, that you have given your consent to the processing
Recipients of Data
We may disclose your personal data to other organisations in connection with the above purposes, including:
to public service transport operators;
to third parties who we engage to provide services to us in connection with TFI Go, such as outsourced service providers, IT services providers, professional advisers and auditors; and
to other public authorities and bodies where required or permitted by law, such as the Gardaí or other law enforcement authorities for the purposes of the prevention, investigation or detection of crime.
Requirement to Provide Personal Data
You are not under a statutory or contractual duty to provide us with any personal data. However, there are some pieces of information that we require in order to register you with an account on the TFI Go App.
If you do not provide us with the information required, we will not be able to facilitate your use of the TFI Go App.
Retention
We will not hold your personal data for longer than is necessary. We retain your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Notice, or to comply with our obligations under applicable law and, if relevant, to deal with any claim or dispute that might arise between you and us.
Transfers Abroad
In connection with the above we might transfer your personal data outside the European Economic Area, including to a jurisdiction which is not recognised by the European Commission as providing for an equivalent level of protection for personal data as is provided for in the European Union. If and to the extent that we do so, we will ensure that appropriate measures are in place to comply with our obligations under applicable law governing such transfers.  These may include entering into a contract governing the transfer that contains the ‘standard contractual clauses’ approved for this purpose by the European Commission. If you would like to receive further details of the measures that we have taken in this regard, please contact us at privacy@nationaltransport.ie.
Your Rights
You have the following rights, in certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, in relation to your personal data:
the right to access your personal data;
the right to request the rectification and/or erasure of your personal data;
the right to restrict the use of your personal data;
the right to object to the processing of your personal data;
where our processing of your personal data is based on you having provided consent, the right to withdraw your consent to the processing at any time.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at
privacy@nationaltransport.ie.
Updates
We may occasionally update this policy. We encourage you to periodically review this policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Complaints
If you are not happy with the way we are using your personal data or how we facilitate your rights or comply with our obligations under applicable data protection law, you have the right to make a complaint to the Data Protection Commission by emailing
info@dataprotection.ie