Privacy Policy
Information gathering and usage
When registering for TODEV we ask for information such as your name and
      email address. For TODEV Business/Premium we also store your PayPal
      email and mobile phone number. Your information is only used internally
      and won't be shared with others.
TODEV collects the email addresses of those who communicate with us via
      email, and information submitted through voluntary activities such as
      site registrations or participation in surveys. TODEV also collects
      aggregated, anonymous user data regarding app usage. The user data we
      collect is used to improve TODEV and the quality of our service. We only
      collect personal data that is required to provide our services, and we
      only store it insofar that it is necessary to deliver these services.
Your data
TODEV uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the
      necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related
      technology required to run TODEV. Although TODEV owns the code,
      databases, and all rights to the TODEV application, you retain all
      rights to your data. We will never share your personal data with a 3rd
      party without your prior authorization, and we will never sell data to
      3rd parties. We process data inside of the United States. We transfer
      data with third-parties necessary to our ability to provide our
      services, all of whom are GDPR-compliant and provide the necessary
      safeguards required if they are outside of the EU.
Cookies
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, customize Web page content
      based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor
      sends. Cookies are required to use TODEV.
Ad servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server
      companies.
Security
All data and information transmitted with Service is secured by SSL
      protocol.
Changes
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will
      post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes
      and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time
      of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your
      information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.