Cookies and Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy information covers the Air Quality in Northern Ireland website and apps. We take privacy very seriously and only use data collected for the purpose described.
If you register to receive the latest Northern Ireland air quality bulletins from the website, there is a Terms & Conditions page which you may also be interested in. For users, the latest Northern Ireland air quality bulletin service only stores the individual device ID and selected regions you choose to receive alerts for. If you turn-off alerts, this information is not stored by the system.
If you request to have data emailed to your email address, the email address you enter is recorded and stored by the Northern Ireland Air Quality website in order to process your data request. The email address recorded is not used for any other purpose, and is never disclosed to third parties.
This privacy policy is subject to change as the website develops, so please check back on this page from time-to-time.
Introduction to cookies
In order to help provide the information on this website accessible and easy to use, small amounts of information may be placed on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone. These include small files known as cookies. They cannot be used to identify you personally.
The information is used to improve the website and is collected by measuring how many people are using services so they can be made easier to use and there's enough capacity to ensure they are fast.
You can manage these small files and learn more about them from the article
Internet Browser cookies - what they are and how to manage them
.
If you'd like to learn how to remove cookies set on your device, visit the
About Cookies website
.
Cookies used on this website
Measuring website usage (Google Analytics)
This website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how people use this site. We do this to make sure it's meeting its users' needs and to understand how we could do it better.
Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. We do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. We do not allow Google to use or share our analytics data.
The following cookies are set by Google Analytics:
Name
Typical Content
Expires
_utma
randomly generated number
2 years
_utmb
randomly generated number
30 minutes
_utmc
randomly generated number
when you close your browser
_utmz
randomly generated number and information on how the site was reached (e.g. direct or via a link, organic search or paid search)
6 months
How to control and delete cookies
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by our websites, or indeed any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The 'Help' function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit
www.aboutcookies.org
which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your machine as well as more general information about cookies.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of our website.
About this website
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Cookies and Privacy policy
Copyright information
Site map