Privacy Policy
Braille Skateboarding Application Privacy Policy
Revised as of January 22, 2020
Braille Skateboarding App (the “App”) is operated by Braille Skateboarding Inc. (sometimes referred to as “we”, “our”, “Braille Skateboarding”, or “BrailleSkateboarding.app” hereinafter). Braille Skateboarding has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of our users and members. Braille Skateboarding is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases “personally identifiable information” and “personal information” mean any information by which you, individually, can be identified, such as your name, address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you when you use our App how we use such information.
This Privacy Policy also governs the collection, use, transfer, and processing of your personal information.  By using this App, you consent to our Privacy Policy set out below. All terms not defined in this document have the meaning ascribed to in the Braille Skateboarding Application Terms and Conditions.
Children’s Online Privacy Policy and COPPA
Braille Skateboarding App is concerned about children’s privacy. This App provides Services for all Members, including Members under the age of 18, including but not limited to the ability to comment, Check-in, and other Services as defined in Application Terms and Conditions. While we encourage users 13 years of age or older to participate appropriately in our App and its Services, their privacy is important to us.
You must be at least 13 years of age and have parent or legal guardian consent and supervision to use this App and participate in its Services
.
By using this App, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Children (under the age of 13) are not eligible to use the App, and we ask that you do not submit any personal information to us.
If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this App in conjunction with, and under the supervision of, your parents or guardians. Creating fake profiles or providing false, or inaccurate information is a violation and will be grounds for immediate account termination.
General
In general, you may use the App without telling us who you are or revealing any of your personal information. Even if you do not create a Member Account with us, we still collect all information that you submit to us, including any personal information you submit, via our Support page, and contact forms. Whether or not you choose to provide personal information is entirely up to you. We may also track the domain address and/or IP address from which you visit the App through cookies (see “Cookies” Section below). In the event you do create a Member Account with us, the manner in which we will collect and use your information is set forth below.
Information We Collect
The information we gather enables us to personalize, improve and continue to operate the Services. In connection with certain aspects of the Services, we may request, collect and/or display some of your Personal Information. We collect the following types of information from our Members.
Account Information:
When you create a Member Account, you will provide information that could be Personal Information, such as your name, username, password, email address, profile picture, and location. We may also collect this same information if you choose to create a Member Account through your Google credentials. You acknowledge that this information may be personal to you, and by creating a Member Account on the Services and providing Personal Information to us, you allow others, including us, to identify you and therefore may not be anonymous. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, but only rarely when we feel such information is important. You may unsubscribe from these messages, although we, regardless, reserve the right to contact you when we believe it is necessary, such as for account recovery purposes.
Member Content:
Some features of the Services allow you to provide content, including but not limited to Member Content, to the Services, such as written comments, images, and videos. All content submitted by you to the Services may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We may continue to disclose such content to third-parties and obtain the right to use Member Content for purposes of marketing in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
IP Address Information and Other Information Collected Automatically:
We automatically receive and record information from your web browser or mobile device when you interact with the Services, including your IP address and cookie information. This information is used for fighting spam/malware and also to facilitate collection of data concerning your interaction with the Services (e.g., what links you have clicked on).
Generally, the Services automatically collect usage information, such as which parts of the App you use and the number and frequency of visitors to the App. We may use this data in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of data enables us, and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Services so that we can analyze and improve them.
Email Communications:
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. We use this confirmation to improve our customer service.
Aggregate Information:
We collect statistical information about how both unregistered users and registered Members, collectively, use the Services (“Aggregate Information”). Some of this information is derived from Personal Information. While Aggregate Information is not Personal Information, it may be tied back to you, your Account or your mobile device.
Braille Skateboarding adheres to the U.S. safe harbor policy privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  If you have any questions regarding this policy, contact Braille Skateboarding through the Contact page or write to us at Braille Skateboarding Inc., 14682 Washington Ave, San Leandro, CA 94578.
Cookies
The App may use cookie technology to improve the quality of your experience.  A cookie is a small file that contains information sent by a website or app that is saved on your hard disk by your computer’s browser. Cookies store information that a website or app may need in order to personalize your experience and gather statistical data. Any time you use the App to browse or to read information, cookies may collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, msn.com, aol.com, etc.); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access the App; and the Internet address of the website or app from which you linked directly to the App. We may use this information to measure the number of visitors to areas of the App, and to help us make the App more useful and interesting to our visitors. Generally, we may use cookies to gather statistical information about App such as App visiting patterns to help target advertisements based on Member interests. If we use information from cookies, it will only be in the aggregate to analyze trends and statistics.
Some consumers may not know that cookies are being placed on their computers or mobile devices when they visit websites or apps. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser or mobile device to advise you when a website attempts to place a cookie on your device.
Information We Share
The Services are designed to help you share information with others. As a result, some of the information generated through the Services is shared publicly or with third parties.
Public Information about Your Activity on the Services:
Some of your activity on and through the Services is public by default. This may include, but is not limited to, Member Account profile pictures, information provided on your profile, your location, and content you have posted publicly on the App or otherwise through the Services.
Members may have some of this information associated with their Member Accounts. Unregistered users will not have this association, but information concerning their use of the Services (such as what pages they have visited) may be tracked anonymously through the use of cookies and stored by us.
Please also remember that if you choose to provide Personal Information using certain features of the Services, including but not limited to the Check In feature, then that information is governed by the privacy settings of those particular features and may be publicly available. Individuals reading such information may use or disclose it to other individuals or entities without our control and without your knowledge, and search engines may index that information. We therefore urge you to think carefully about including any specific information you may deem private in content that you create or information that you submit through the Services.
IP Address Information:
While we collect and store IP address information, that information is not made public. We do at times, however, share this information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business, and as otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy.
Information You Elect to Share:
You may access other Third-Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on links to those Third-Party Services from within the App. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of these Third-Party Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third-Party Services’ privacy policies. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Services.
Aggregate Information:
We share Aggregate Information with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners can understand how and how often people use our Services and their services or websites, which facilitates improving both their services and how our Services interface with them. In addition, these third parties may share with us non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-Personal Information about you that they have independently developed or acquired.
Email Communications with Us
As part of the Services, you may occasionally receive email and other communications from us, such as communications relating to your Account. Communications relating to your Account will only be sent for purposes important to the Services, such as password recovery.
Member Account Information:
Member Account information including your name and other information you enter may be displayed to other members to facilitate member interaction within the Services. We will not directly reveal member email addresses to other members.
Information Shared with Our Agents:
We may employ and contract with people and other entities that perform certain tasks on our behalf and who are under our control (our “Agents”). We may need to share Personal Information with our Agents in order to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our Agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or other information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information with our Agents.
Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, Member information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if our assets, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, member information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third-party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others:
We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as it reasonably believes is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to Member support requests, or (v) protect our rights, property or safety, our Members and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
Information We Share with Your Consent:
Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.
Information You Can Access
If you are a registered Member, you can access information associated with your Account by logging into the Services. Registered members and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings.
California Privacy Rights
: Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/ or third parties for marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Braille Skateboarding Inc., 14682 Washington Ave, San Leandro, CA 94578.
GDPR Our Data Protection Officer
Our Data Protection Officer is responsible for overseeing what we do with your information and monitoring our compliance with data protection laws.
If you have any concerns or questions about our use of your personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer by writing to The Data Protection Officer, Braille Skateboarding Inc., 14682 Washington Ave, Sa Leandro, CA 94578
Opt Out
You may “Opt out” of having your personal information shared by providing us written notice identifying which communications you choose not to receive by writing us at: Braille Skateboarding Inc., 14682 Washington Ave, San Leandro, CA 94578. You may also delete your Account by emailing aurelien@brailleskateboarding.com. If you terminate your Account, any association between your Account and information we store will no longer be accessible through your Account. However, given the nature of sharing on the Services, any public activity on your Account prior to deletion will remain stored on our servers and will remain accessible to the public.
Information Retention
Your personal information will be retained by us for as long as we operate the App, unless you have requested that your information be removed as set forth herein. When those purposes come to an end, we shall securely delete the personal data unless the retention of the personal data is required for archiving purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) of the GDPR or other applicable provisions under the Data Protection legislation.
Your Rights
In relation to the information which we hold about you, you are entitled to:
see a copy of the information;
ask us to rectify the information where it is inaccurate or is incomplete. If we agree the information is inaccurate or incomplete and make the rectification, we will inform any recipients of the information of the change, where possible;
ask us to erase the information, but we will not be able to comply where we hold your information to fulfil our statutory regulatory and representative obligations;
ask us to restrict what we do with your information, but there are a number of exemptions relating to this right;
object to our use of your information and ask us to stop that use, in certain circumstances; and
instruct us to provide you with the information we hold about you in a structured and commonly used format or transmit that information directly to another organization.
Our obligations to comply with the above rights are subject to certain exemptions.
Where we are using some of your information because you have provided your consent to that use, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. The lawfulness of our use of your information before consent was withdrawn is not affected. You can do this by writing to The Data Privacy Officer, Braille Skateboarding Inc., 14682 Washington Ave, San Leandro, CA 94578
Third-Party Hosting
We may contract with third parties to maintain and host the App. Any information you submit to us, including personal information, may be placed and stored on a computer server maintained by this third-party host.
App Technologies
Braille Skateboarding does not provide the technologies used to build the App, and therefore, neither recommends nor endorses the same.  Any information regarding identified technologies, including their capabilities limitations, and applications, should be sought directly from their manufacturers. Braille Skateboarding hereby disclaims any rights to trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, copyrights, patents, domain names, or other intellectual property interests of third parties.
Third Parties and Links to Other
Material.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third-parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third party websites, services and applications (“Third-Party Services”) that you elect to access through the Service or to individuals that we do not manage or employ. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third-Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content or privacy policies of those Third-Party Services. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Services you access.
The App may also contain links to other websites. These links and plug-ins are for your convenience.  Websites linked to and from the App are not necessarily under the control of Braille Skateboarding and we shall have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content or privacy practices of any linked websites, or any link or linking program at any time. You should read and understand Braille Skateboarding’s policies with respect to such third-party links, as stated in the Terms and Conditions of the App.
Security
The App has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
Effective Date and Changes
This privacy policy is effective as of January 22, 2020. Braille Skateboarding reserves the right to modify the terms of this privacy policy at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a change notice on this page.
YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE APP FOLLOWING OUR POSTING OF A CHANGE NOTICE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THOSE CHANGES.
New Releases