Sign in
Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Loading…
{"id": "1MkF5cWJpLB0td5fP5IOV-ISo7_FNfpsU", "title": "privacy-policy.txt", "mimeType": "text\/plain"}
Privacy Policy awara labs

This privacy policy governs your use of our applications for mobile devices. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

 

What information does our Applications obtain and how is it used?

Personal Information

We do not collect any personally identifiable information about the users of our Applications. Our Applications may collect anonymous usage information to help improve the quality of our services and applications.

 

Automatically Collected Information

Our Applications may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Applications.

 

What are your opt-out rights?

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling our Applictions. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

 

Adversiting

Our Applications shows advertisings provided by Admob. All advertisings are non-targeted, to conform to the General Data Protection Regulation. No personal information will be stored. This applies to all users, worldwide. For more information please visit link below:

https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ 

We may occasionally promote other products of our own within our apps.

 

Does our Applications collect precise real time location information of the device?

Our Applications does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

 

Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by our Applications?

Please note that our Applications does not transmit any personal information. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement.

 

Automatic Data Collection and Advertising

We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks. To make sure that no personal data will be transmitted:

    The developer does neither collect nor send any information at all.
    The developer initializes the advertising plugin with the parameter «user did not consent to data collection». For more information, please refer to the ad provider, Admob.

As a result, the advertising will not be targeted, and may not be as relevant as in similar Applications.

 

Children

This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case wediscover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

 

Security

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we do not disclose any personal information to any third party. The developer does not collect or store any data. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

 

Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

 

Your Consent

In order to conform to the General Data Protection Regulation, we will not process any personal data. This way, we are not required to collect your consent; The advertising plugin will always be initialized with the default «user did not consent to data collection».

 

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us via email at hola@awaralabs.com
privacy-policy.txt
privacy-policy.txt
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Displaying privacy-policy.txt.