Approve
Reject
View details
Request a review
Learn more
Signature pending
Sign
Reject
View details
Review
Not spam
Remove forever
Not spam
Page
/
4
Loading…
{"id": "1-DG66krjnMxHCdgQx4ZvteDoGNPb9M-Z", "title": "Privacy Policy.pdf", "mimeType": "application\/pdf"}
Page 1 of 4
Privacy Policy
Loomy is made applications available for mobile devices (collectively, the Platform).
We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the
Platform. This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the
Platform.
Information Collection: Personally Identifiable Information.
In the course of using the Platform, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to identify, contact or locate you
("Personal Information"). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your
name, photos, geo-location, and email address. We use your Personal Information
primarily to provide the Platform and administer your inquiries via email. For example,
when you choose to interact with and use a social networking service ("SNS") via the
Platform that allows us to obtain information from those accounts (e.g. your friends or
contacts or strangers). The information we obtain from those services often depends on
your settings or their privacy policy, so be sure to check what those are.
We may collect and store your geo-location information if you enable your mobile
device to send it to us. Collection of this information is necessary for the provision of the
Platform. We may also collect other, non-identifying information that you provide as part of
registration and the administration and personalization of your user experience (such as
zip (postal) code and individual preferences) ("Non-Identifying or Anonymous
Information").
We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-
Identifying Information) primarily to provide the Platform and administer your inquiries. We
may combine, use, and aggregate all of the information we collect to provide you with a
better experience, provide and improve the Platform, and analyze and better understand
Platform usage
We also use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, emails,
marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us,
please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Device Information
When you launch the Platform, we collect information for the device you are using
("Device Information"). Device Information may include the operating system you are
using, device settings, unique device identifiers, and crash data. We use and store your
Device Information to enable you to interact with and use the Platform and the SNS you
may choose to access through them and to make it possible to authenticate your use of
the Platform. We link your Device Information with the technical information accessed
through your use of the Platform which enables us to administer resets to your account or
to delete information when you request that we do so or for other administrative purposes.
Log Data
When you use the Platform, our servers automatically record information that your
browser sends whenever you visit a website or service connected to the Internet ("Log
Page 2 of 4
Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's, or mobile device's
Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, the webpage you were visiting before you
came to the Platform, pages of our website that you visit, the time spent on those pages,
sections of our applications
that you access, information you search for on the Platform, access times and dates,
and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Platform for
technical administration and tailoring the Platform to our users' needs.
Our Policy Toward Children
IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, THEN DO NOT USE OR ACCESS THE
PLATFORM AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do
not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13
years-of-age. If we learn that personally-identifiable information of persons less than 13-
years-of-age has been collected on or through the Platform, then we will take the
appropriate steps to delete this information.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who uses the Platform, then
please contact us at loomy.pro@gmail.com to have that child's information deleted.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personal Information with other parties
except as provided below:
Other Users as Determined by Your Input - The Platform is a tool that allows everyone
on the Internet or use of mobile smart phones to create, post, contribute to (with
comments, reactions, photos, and likes) discover and view categories of content. When
you create categories and add to them, you do so in a public manner meaning everyone
on the Platform can view them. You may also provide us with profile information that other
users of the Platform can view.
SNSs - As a user who accesses the Platform you can interact with and use SNSs
including but not limited to services like Facebook and Twitter. If you elect to use an SNS
via the Platform you understand and agree that we will access and store your SNS
account information so that it is available to you through your use of the Platform. YOU
ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY OF YOUR UNIQUE
PASSWORDS AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information - We may share aggregated
information that includes non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for
industry analysis, demographic profiling, and to deliver targeted advertising about other
products and services. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not
contain your Personal Information.
Service Providers - We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate the
Platform (such as maintenance services, database management and web analytics), to
provide services on our behalf, or to assist us in analyzing how the Platform is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks
on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Page 3 of 4
Direct Marketing - We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with
other people or nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we
have your permission.
Based on Your Consent - We share such Personal Information that you may make
publicly available (such as your photos or text information) in connection with items that
you have elected to share or post through the Platform.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement - We may disclose any information about
you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to
comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law) or respond to a court
order, judicial or other government subpoena, or warrant in the manner required by the
requesting entity. We also reserve the right to disclose information that we believe, in good
faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect us from
fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against third-
party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the
security or integrity of the Platform; enforce our Terms of Service; or to protect the rights,
property, or personal safety of us, our users, or others.
Business Transfers
We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our assets, including your
Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of
assets or in the event of bankruptcy.
Security
We are concerned with the security of your Personal Information and are committed to
taking steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use. To that end, we put in place
physical, electronic and managerial policies and procedures designed to secure Personal
Information. We also continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate, complete
and current Personal Information. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is one hundred percent secure. Therefore, while we strive to use
commercially acceptable means
to protect Personal Information, we cannot guarantee it's absolute security.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security,
confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as
defined in applicable laws on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous
posting on the Platform in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable
delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any
measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable
integrity of the data system.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to -and maintained on- computers located outside
of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws
may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United
States and choose to provide information to us, we transfer Personal Information to the
United States and
process it there and, possibly, around the globe. Your consent to this Privacy Policy
through your use of the Platform followed by your submission of such information
represents your agreement to that transfer.
Privacy Policy.pdf
Privacy Policy.pdf
Open
Open
Open with
Save changes
Sign in
Details
Comments
General Info
Type
Dimensions
Size
Duration
Location
Modified
Created
Opened by me
Sharing
Description
Couldn't preview file
There was a problem loading the details.
Loading…
Sign in
Copy
Add a comment
Displaying Privacy Policy.pdf. Page 1 of 4