PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated May 10, 2020
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Helio (“
Company
”, “
we
”, “
us
”, or “
our
”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our
policy
, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at team@helio.rocks.
When you visit our mobile application, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this
privacy policy
, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this
privacy policy
that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Apps and our services.
This
privacy policy
applies to all information collected through our mobile application,
("
Apps
"), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this
privacy policy
as the "
Services
").
Please read this
privacy policy
carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short:
We collect personal information that you provide to us.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Apps, expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Apps or otherwise contacting us
.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Apps, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Publicly Available Personal Information.
We collect first name, maiden name, last name, and nickname; phone numbers; current and former address; email addresses; and other similar data.
Personal Information Provided by You.
We collect app usage; data collected from surveys; purchase history; and other similar data.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short:
Some information — such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Apps.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Apps. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Apps and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Apps, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
Online Identifiers.
We collect devices; applications; tools and protocols, such as IP (Internet Protocol) addresses; cookie identifiers, or others such as the ones used for analytics and marketing; device's geolocation; and other similar data.
Information collected through our Apps
In Short:
We may collect information regarding your geo-location, mobile device, push notifications,
when you use our apps.
If you use our Apps, we may also collect the following information:
Geo-Location Information.
We may request access or permission to and track location-based information from your mobile device, either continuously or while you are using our mobile application, to provide location-based services. If you wish to change our access or permissions, you may do so in your device's settings.
Mobile Device Data.
We may automatically collect device information (such as your mobile device ID, model and manufacturer), operating system, version information and IP address.
Push Notifications.
We may request to send you push notifications regarding your account or the mobile application. If you wish to opt-out from receiving these types of communications, you may turn them off in your device's settings.
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Apps for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process.
If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process for the performance of the contract.
To send you marketing and promotional communications.
We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
" below).
To send administrative information to you.
We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders.
We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Apps.
To post testimonials.
We post testimonials on our Apps that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at privacy@helio.rocks and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you.
We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness.
Request Feedback.
We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Apps.
To protect our Services.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Apps safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and Contractual.
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm.
If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
To manage user accounts
. We may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
To deliver services to the user.
We may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users.
We may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our Services.
For other Business Purposes.
We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Apps, products, marketing and your experience.
We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short:
We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
Consent:
We may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information in a specific purpose.
Legitimate Interests:
We may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
Performance of a Contract:
Where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
Legal Obligations:
We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests:
We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
More specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers.
We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Apps over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers.
We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Apps. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
In Short:
We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
5. DO WE USE GOOGLE MAPS?
In Short:
Yes, we use Google Maps for the purpose of providing better service.
This website, mobile application, or Facebook application uses Google Maps APIs. You may find the Google Maps APIs Terms of Service
here
. To better understand Google’s Privacy Policy, please refer to this
link
.
By using our Maps API Implementation, you agree to be bound by Google’s Terms of Service. You agree to allow us to obtain or cache your location. You may revoke your consent at anytime.
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short:
We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this
privacy policy
unless otherwise required by law.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this
privacy policy
, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years past the termination of the user's account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short:
We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Apps is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short:
We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Apps. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@helio.rocks.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here:
http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
.
If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@helio.rocks.
Account Information
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
■
Contact us using the contact information provided.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our
Apps visit
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
.
Opting out of email marketing:
You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may:
■
Contact us using the contact information provided.
10. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track (“DNT”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. No uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this
privacy policy
.
11. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short:
Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the Apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the Apps. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the Apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
12. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short:
Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this
privacy policy
from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this
privacy policy
, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this
privacy policy
frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
13. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at privacy@helio.rocks or by post to:
Helio
1881 Jane St
Wantagh, NY 11793
United States
HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by
clicking
here
. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
This privacy policy was created using
Termly’s Privacy Policy Generator
.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://helioapp.freshdesk.com/support/solutions/folders/64000084654:
Enter your search term here...
Search
New support ticket
Check ticket status
Solution home
Information collected
Privacy policy
Folder for adding Privacy policy articles
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY  Last updated May 10, 2020     Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Helio (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committ...
Mon, 11 May, 2020 at  2:19 PM
Help Desk Software
by Freshdesk
Sub-policy 1
https://termly.io/products/privacy-policy-generator/?ftseo:
Home
›
Products
›
Privacy Policy Generator
Privacy Policy
Generator
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Use our
free privacy policy generator
to create a privacy policy for your website, app, ecommerce store, SaaS, small business, or any other need in just a few minutes. Comply with the
GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA
, and more!
Free
Generate in Minutes
Customize for Your Business
Generate Your Privacy Policy
Where will your privacy policy be used?
Select all that apply.
Website
App
Facebook App
Generate Privacy Policy
Free Privacy Policy Generator
Features
Generate a
free privacy policy
that’s comprehensive and legally compliant using one of the best privacy policy generators of 2025.
“Creating a privacy policy was very easy with the guided questions and available templates. Would recommend.”
Jason
View Review
Built for Every Business
Website
App
Ecommerce site
SaaS
Complies with Privacy Laws
GDPR
CCPA/CPRA and CalOPPA
UK GDPR
PIPEDA
Easy to Use
Intuitive builder
Customization tools
Automatic updates
Embed options
How To Use Our Privacy Policy Generator
Just follow these simple steps to get a custom, compliant privacy policy for your business, software, site, or app:
Get started by answering a few questions in our privacy policy builder.
When you’re done, simply click publish. You can then customize how your privacy policy looks before adding it to your website or app.
Whether you use a content management system like WordPress, manage your website yourself, or use a professional service, we give you a few different options to add your policy.
We guide you through the process of generating a privacy policy by asking some simple questions about your business –
Yasmeen, Privacy Engineer @ Termly
Trusted by over
1,900,000
businesses worldwide
“It is so easy to use. I don't need to understand the full legal details of everything. It takes you step by step through the whole process.”
Steven
View review
“Termly is an amazing service and easy to use and update as business grows.”
Daria
View review
“I was impressed by how Termly made it easy to create a privacy policy that covered multiple privacy laws (in my case UK GDPR, CCPA and CDPA) into one coherent professional-looking policy.”
Carl
View review
Create a
Free Privacy Policy
We offer the best privacy policy solution for all types of businesses.
Privacy Policy for AI
Our AI-ready privacy policy generator lets you to disclose how you use AI and if and when you share user data with third-party AI platforms or services.
Privacy Policy for Websites, Blogs, and CMS
Use our generator to build a privacy policy for your own website or blog or for platforms like:
WordPress
Godaddy
Wix
Squarespace
Privacy Policy for Apps
You can create a privacy policy for any type of app regardless of marketplace.
iPhone
Android
Windows Phone
Privacy Policy for Ecommerce Stores
Generate a free privacy policy for any online store, whether its custom or hosted on a platform.
Shopify
WooCommerce
BigCommerce
Privacy Policy for Third-Party Software & Tools
Our generator can help you create a personalized policy to comply with any third-party requirements.
Google Analytics & Adsense
Amazon
PayPal
Privacy Policy for SaaS / Subscription Based Businesses
You can get a privacy policy for your SaaS or subscription business in just a few minutes.
Privacy Policy for Facebook Ads, Apps, and Pages
You can build a compliant privacy policy for Facebook ads, apps, and pages.
Basic Privacy Policy
If you just need a simple privacy policy for your small business, personal website, app, etc., our privacy policy creator has you covered.
Easily Comply with Laws like
the
GDPR
,
CCPA
, and
PIPEDA
Based on international laws and modern business practices, you need a privacy policy if you collect any personal information or personal data from users. Personal data includes more than just names and addresses — it can include cookie data, IP addresses, email addresses, and more.
Personal Data
Personal data is any information that can be used to identify an individual. Personal data includes names, emails, phone numbers, addresses, geolocation, IP addresses, cookie data, and so much more.
When you create a privacy policy online, you must list all personal data your website or app collects from users.
Personal Data & the Law
Personal data is heavily protected by laws like the GDPR, CCPA, PIPEDA, CalOPPA, and others. The leading method of protecting personal data is requiring websites and businesses to be honest about how they collect, share, and use personal data. Privacy law violations can result in serious fines.
Personal Data & Your Privacy Policy
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. Comply with laws, build loyalty with customers, and meet online business standards by providing a comprehensive privacy policy to your users. Our free generator walks you through the necessary questions to create a customized privacy policy.
GDPR
EU General Data Protection Regulation
CCPA
California Consumer Privacy Act
CalOPPA
California Online Privacy Protection Act
PIPEDA
Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act
A comprehensive and transparent privacy policy is required to comply with most of the major data privacy laws worldwide –
Leila, Privacy Compliance Specialist @ Termly
Privacy Policy Generator
FAQ
We answer the most frequently asked questions about privacy policies and our free generator.
Is the Privacy Policy Generator really free?
Yes, Termly offers one legal policy for free. No credit card is required to create, publish, and post your privacy policy once it’s been generated. However, if you need more than one legal policy or additional compliance features, you can choose to upgrade to a
paid plan
and gain full access to our entire suite of compliance tools.
What is a privacy policy?
A privacy policy — also referred to as a privacy notice — is a legal document that explains how a company or website collects, uses, and shares personal information.
The most important thing a privacy policy does is inform your users how you collect, use, and manage their personal data.
Other common names for a privacy policy include:
Privacy Notice
Privacy Statement
Privacy Disclosure
Privacy Agreement
Why is a privacy policy important to have?
Privacy policies not only satisfy legal requirements, but they also signal to your users that you respect them enough to disclose how you collect, manage, and use their data.
Not having a privacy policy can make you seem to be an untrustworthy business.
However, you only need a privacy policy if you actually collect or process data through the use of cookies, analytics software, forms, etc.
Do I need a privacy policy?
If you collect personal data, you need a privacy policy. There are multiple laws that require privacy policies, as well as service providers that demand their users have privacy policies. For example, many Google services require you to have a privacy policy.
Additionally, today’s consumers are more aware than ever when it comes to data privacy. Stand out from your competitors by publishing a clear, detailed privacy policy. You can reassure your users that their personal information is safe with your website, app, or company.
Which laws should I be aware of when generating my privacy policy?
When creating your privacy policy, you should consider several privacy laws — including, but not limited to, the GDPR, CCPA, CalOPPA, and PIPEDA. Depending on your type of business, you may also need to review any relevant industry-specific laws or laws about use of specific types of data.
If you’re not familiar with these data privacy laws or how they might apply to you, don’t worry. Our generator can help walk you through relevant questions.
Can I copy someone else’s privacy policy?
No, you can’t copy someone else’s privacy policy. Doing so will put your business or website at legal risk. Privacy policies are protected by copyright, so copying someone else’s policy is a legal violation. More importantly, your privacy policy needs to be tailored to your website in order to comply with data privacy laws and give users accurate information.
In addition, you cannot copy and paste a privacy policy. Using another company’s privacy policy without permission is (copyright infringement), and illegal. Your privacy policy needs to be specific to your business, and explain how your website or app collects (user) data.
What should my privacy policy include?
You’ll need to keep the following questions in mind when creating your policy:
What types of data do you collect? Email addresses, contact information, and payment information are commonly collected. Be sure to evaluate all of the data you collect, whether that is for marketing purposes, newsletters, order information, and more.
Why do you collect the data? Are you collecting any data you don’t need? Describing the purpose for data collection is a critical part of your privacy policy.
Where and how do you store collected data? Some data privacy laws limit how long you can keep personal information. You’ll also want to consider the security of your data storage.
Our generator walks you through the steps and ensures you don’t forget anything when creating a privacy policy.
Where should I put my privacy policy?
Put your privacy policy in easy-to-find areas on your website. Some common places to put a privacy policy include:
Website footer
Main menu
Checkout page
Sign-up page
Within other legal policies
You should put your policy in multiple of the above locations. Linking your privacy policy around your site ensures users can find it, and that you stay compliant with privacy laws. Our generator offers multiple embed options to help you easily add a policy to your website.
Do I need more than a privacy policy?
Some websites and businesses do need more than just a privacy policy. If you need to comply with laws like the GDPR, you may also need to look into cookie consent. Depending on the type of website or business you have, you may also need other legal agreements. For example, websites that sell products may need a return policy and a shipping policy.
Some legal agreements, like Terms and Conditions, can help protect your business. Terms and Conditions, also known as Terms of Service or Terms of Use, are an agreement between the website and the users. You can use this agreement to specify the rules for using your website or describe user behavior that is not allowed.
Our Full Suite of
Compliance Solutions
Terms and Conditions Generator
Establish guidelines and safeguard your business with custom terms
Learn more
Disclaimer Generator
Create a legal disclaimer for FREE to protect your blog, website, or app against legal liability
Learn more
Cookie Policy Generator
Notify users, provide cookie preferences, and obtain consent for your cookie use
Learn more
Cookie Scanner
Scan, categorize, and review your website’s cookies to ensure compliance with cookie use rules
Learn more
Explore more solutions
Related Articles About
Privacy Policies
Articles
March 7, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 7, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 7, 2025
Heloisa Valdívia, CIPM
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 6, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
March 5, 2025
Etienne Cussol CIPP/E, CIPM
Articles
March 5, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Articles
February 28, 2025
Masha Komnenic CIPP/E, CIPM, CIPT, FIP
Explore more resources
EN
FR
ES
DE