Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at Winemasters.tv
The Information We Collect:
You provide specific personal information during the purchase of goods and/or services from our site. The information includes: your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment information and your interest in specific types of products and/or services. We may also collect certain non-personal information including the type of browser you are using (e.g. Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows, Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. America Online, Earthlink).
How We Use the Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your order for our goods and/or services, to respond to your inquiries about your order and to notify you about the status of your order. The non-personal information gathered may be used to improve the design and content of our site and in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We may disclose personal information in response to legal process (e.g. in response to a court order or subpoena). We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s requests. And finally we may disclose personal information in response to a charge-back inquiry from our merchant bank about your payment for goods and/or services. We will not sell or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us to parties outside of our company except as described above.
Cookies:
To enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use “cookies” and shopper ID’s. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to furnish our site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Collection of Information by Third Party Sites:
Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Regarding Children:
While we encourage children to consult with their parents before furnishing personal data, parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers. These tools can prevent children from disclosing their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.
Sign up to receive our newsletter to get:
• Updates about New Content
• Promotions
• Backstage News
Enter your Name
Enter your E-mail address
Marketing permission
: I give my consent to Wine Masters to be in touch with me via email using the information I have provided in this form for the purpose of news, updates and marketing.
What to expect
: If you wish to withdraw your consent and stop hearing from us, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send or contact us at info@winemasters.tv. We value and respect your personal data and privacy. To view our privacy policy, please visit our website. By submitting this form, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
HP