About
FAQ
Twitter
Press Kit
Privacy Policy
Palm Court LLC built the Wavelength app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by Palm Court LLC at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Wavelength unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
Our application uses Google OAuth to facilitate the creation, editing, and deletion of your Google Play Games activities. This includes publishing in-app achievements to your Google Play Games account. The interaction with Google Play Games is limited to the management of game-related activities and achievements. We do not store any Google user information beyond what is necessary for this specific purpose.
Note: Users have the option to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics and Unity. More details on how to exercise this option are provided in the 'Your Data Privacy Choices' section.
The app does use third-party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Google Analytics for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Unity
Use of Google User Data
Our application accesses your Google user data only after receiving explicit consent through Google OAuth. The scope of access is confined to the management of your Google Play Games activities, such as publishing achievements. We ensure that the use, storage, and sharing of Google user data are in strict accordance with the permissions granted by you and are solely for the intended functionality of publishing game activities. We do not use Google user data for any other purposes than those stated in this policy.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third-party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
If you choose to opt out of our use of Google Analytics, we will also prevent Google Analytics cookies from being stored on your device, respecting your decision to limit data collection.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Your Data Privacy Choices
We recognize the importance of your privacy choices. In our app, you have the option to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics and Unity. If you choose to opt out, we will not collect or send any data from your device to Google Analytics or Unity for analysis. Instructions for opting out can be found within the app settings.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information and Google user data, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. We implement adequate security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. However, remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2023-12-26
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at wavelength@cmyk.games.
Get (infrequent) emails when we announce something new
About
FAQ
The Board Game
Press Kit
Streamer Kit
Privacy
Terms
Twitter
Twitch
YouTube
© CMYK Games
2025
© CMYK Games
2025