33 YEARS
35 YEARS
OF FLIGHT
35 YEARS
OF FLIGHT
UL
Airplane Propellers
LEARN MORE
PARA
Paramotor Propellers
LEARN MORE
EVTOL
eVTOL, DRONE,  MULTICOPTER PROPELLERS
LEARN MORE
TRIKE
Trike Propellers
LEARN MORE
GYRO
Gyrocopter Propellers
LEARN MORE
RD
Research & Development
LEARN MORE
Smart Propellers for EVTOL
Helix and the Frauenhofer Institute are working together to develop safer “smart” propellers for EVTOL / UAV applications.
The results are in!
Check out the winning submissions and get to know the pilots behind the cameras!
Pushing the limits of the Alpha Trainer
The H50F 1.65M R-LTS-3 is now type certified for Rotax 912UL powered Alpha Trainers.
Airplane Propellers
Paramotor Propellers
eVTOL  Drone  Multicopter Propellers
Research & Development
Docs & Downloads
Noise Measurement
Service & Support
Shop
When Adventure Calls
Helix is here to answer the call with performance and the peace of mind that only the best can bring. Reach for the horizon. Helix will get you there.
Learn More...
No Compromise
Years of research combined with state of the art techniques and a love for aviation has made Helix stand out as the “go-to” producer of super strong, light weight propellers and rotors.
Power, Control, Freedom
These three words can mean almost anything to anyone, but to a paramotorist, they mean everything. As a dedicated partner in the paramotoring world, Helix has long provided the best propellers in a variety of configurations to get you the most out of those three words.
Learn More...
Handcrafted
For Precision and Excellence
We are proud to maintain a tradition of craftmanship throughout our line of propellers. From beginning to end, our propellers are individually constructed and finished by hand.
Thrust: in 3 Dimensions
Helix is proud to be working together with manufacturers of multicopter and eVTOL vehicles for both civilian and military applications. Our propellers and rotor systems are helping to power the cutting edge of computer-aided flight.
Learn More...
Founded in Technology
Grounded in Tradition
From the virtual drawing board to precision testing equipment: the production timeline of every single Helix propeller is accompanied by cutting edge technology, ensuring the smoothest possible flying experience.
Virtual becomes Reality
All of our propellers are designed by skilled engineers. With the help of CAD and advanced simulations, we are able to begin testing even before the propeller sees the light of day.
Here be Nerds...
We love numbers almost as much as we love flying. We do everything possible to ensure that each new propeller meets or exceeds every theoretical demand before any production begins.
Ready to get Airborne?
Shop our Propellers
1000+ Propellers
The perfect fit for any aircraft.
0.75m to 2.8m
We go big. We go small.
Fixed & Variable
Hydraulic, electric, and ground adjustable
Huge Capacity
More than 100,000 Propellers delivered
Ultralight, Gyro, Paramotor- from complete propeller sets to individual nuts and bolts- it’s all here!
Shop Now
*will open a new tab
European Aviation Safety Agency
Part 21G Certification