Welcome to IDEX Online S.A. (the "Site"). We understand that your privacy online is important to you, especially when conducting your business. This Privacy Policy will inform you of our policies in handling personal information about our users and members. Our users visit the site but do not transact business on the Site. Our members are registered users of the site authorized to transact business on the Site.
"Personally Identifiable Information" refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, identification number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (i.e., without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.
1. WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
Idex collects information from its users who apply to become members: the name, address, phone number(s) and email of the member or member company, the nature and size of its business, the products the member intends to trade, the type of trade (buy and/or sell), bank reference and whether the member belongs to any applicable trade associations. This information is collected in order for Idex to evaluate the eligibility of the user for membership and use of the Site services. Member applications may be verified with financial and credit institutions such as Dun and Bradstreet, Jewelers Board of Trade, Bank and Trade references. Information obtained from these sources will be used only in connection with member access and use of the Site Services, and will not be transferred, sold or otherwise distributed without the user's permission, unless required by court order.
2. WHAT ORGANIZATION COLLECTS THE INFORMATION?
Idex collects and securely stores the information submitted by members in their member profile.
3. HOW THE INFORMATION IS USED?
We use personal information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings to you, and to fulfill your buying and selling requests. We will e-mail you about the Site, about research, purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or related to the subject matter of the Site. We also use personal information to contact you in response to specific inquiries you have made to us, or to provide you with specific information and services you have requested or agreed to be notified about.
4. WITH WHOM MAY THE INFORMATION BE SHARED?
Member information may be shared only if you have permitted us to do so. We also offer you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf.
5. WHAT CHOICES ARE AVAILABLE TO USERS REGARDING COLLECTION, USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF THE INFORMATION?
Users and Members may opt out of receiving unsolicited information or contact from us by contacting us at: customersupport@idexonline.com
6. ARE COOKIES USED ON THE SITE?
Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our users and the services they select. We also use cookies for security purposes to protect our members. For example, if a member is logged on and the site is unused for more than 1 hours, we will automatically log the member off.
7. HOW IDEX USES LOG-IN INFORMATION?
Idex uses log-in information (including IP addresses, ISPs, and browser type) derived from a User's visits to the Site and links that information to personally identifiable information. We use this log-in information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.
8. IS SUBMISSION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OPTIONAL?
Users are not required to submit personal information to use the Site. However, there are portions of the Site limited to members only. Only members may enter into transactions on the Site and use the Site's services. Submission of personal information is required to become a member.
9. WHAT PARTNERS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS HAVE ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM USERS AND/OR MEMBERS ON THE SITE?
Idex has engaged in special partnerships with certain vendors. Such vendors may have access to certain personal information on a need to know basis. Our privacy statement and policy covers their collection of this information.
10. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO COMPLY WITH LAW.
We will disclose personal information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena, or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose personal information where reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our users and members.
11. HOW DOES THE SITE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
Our employees are made aware of our security policy and practices. The personal information of our users and members is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to that information. We audit our security systems and processes on a regular basis. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or identification numbers, which is collected, used, or disseminated, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet.
12. HOW CAN USERS CORRECT ANY INACCURACIES IN THE INFORMATION?
Users and members may contact us to update personal information about them or correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at: customersupport@idexonline.com
13. CAN A USER DELETE OR DEACTIVATE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE SITE?
We provide users and members with a mechanism to delete/deactivate personal information from the site's database upon request by contacting customersupport@idexonline.com However, because of backups, and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will be functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward.
14. WHAT HAPPENS IF THE PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES?
We will let our users and members know about changes to our privacy practices by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing the policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of your personal information, which you have previously asked not to be disclosed, we will contact you to notify you of the change and allow you to prevent such disclosure.
OTHER.
This Site is not directed at children. Users and members are required to be 18 years or older.
LINKS.
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
CHAT ROOMS, FORUMS, AND MESSAGE BOARDS.
Users are warned that disclosing personally identifiable information online through chat rooms, forums, and message boards makes the information submitted public information; such disclosure may increase the chance of receiving "spam" or unsolicited e-mail. Users should be extra careful and to use their discretion when disclosing information online.