This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our
Privacy Policy
.
Cookies settings
Accept
Decline
Solutions
Employer Brand
Create Your Profile
Showcase Your Brand
Build Your Talent Pool
Smart Advertising
Intelligent Candidate Matching
Unlimited Job Listings
Boost Your Listings
Intelligent Sourcing
See techies matched to your roles
Message high quality tech talent
See an instant ROI
A few case studies
Goodlord
EPAM
See all
Pricing
Case studies
I'm a candidate
Log in
Start hiring
Employer Branding
Advertising
Sourcing
Pricing
Case studies
I'm a candidate
Start hiring techies
Privacy Policy
Updated: July 2021
Haystack App Ltd
Introduction
1.1 We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors, users, customers and customer personnel.
1.2 This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of such persons; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3 Our website incorporates privacy controls which affect how we will process your personal data. By using the privacy controls, you can limit the collection, sharing and publication of your personal data.
1.4 We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and Services, we will ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.5 In this policy, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Haystack App Limited. For more information about us, see section 20. References to:
(a) “Hiring Users” are to users who access the Services for the purposes of conducting recruitment activities on behalf of an employer, as defined within section 5 of our Terms and Conditions;
(b) “Services” include our website and application, as referred to within section 1 of our Terms and Conditions; and
(c) “Techie Users” are to users who access the Services for the purposes of finding and applying for employment opportunities, as defined within section 5 of our Terms and Conditions.
Our terms and conditions can be accessed via
https://haystackapp.io/terms-conditions/
The personal data that we collect
2.1 In this section 2 we have set out the general categories of personal data that we process and, in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, information about the source and specific categories of that data.
2.2 We may process data enabling us to get in touch with you (“contact data“). The contact data may include your name, email address, telephone number and/or social media account identifiers as applicable. The source of the contact data is you if you are a Techie User or you or your employer if you are a Hiring User. If you log into our Services using a social media account, we will obtain elements of the contact data from the relevant social media account provider.
2.3 We may process your user account data (“account data“). The account data may include your account identifier, name, email address, business name, account creation and modification dates, settings and marketing preferences as applicable. The primary source of the account data is you if you are a Techie User or you or your employer if you are a Hiring User, although some elements of the account data may be generated by our website. If you log into our Services using a social media account, we will obtain elements of the account data from the relevant social media account provider.
2.4 We may process your information included in your personal profile (“profile data“). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profile pictures, gender, date of birth, interests, values, tech stack, scale, location preferences, educational details and employment details as appliable. The source of the profile data is you if you are a Techie User or you or your employer if you are a Hiring User. If you log into our Services using a social media account, we will obtain elements of the profile data from the relevant social media account provider.
2.5 In connection with Hiring Users, we may process information relating to our customer relationships (“customer relationship data“). The customer relationship data may include your name, the name of your business or employer, your job title or role, your contact details, your classification / categorisation within our customer relationship management system and information contained in or relating to communications between us and you, or between us and your employer. The source of the customer relationship data is you and/or your employer.
2.6 We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and/or services, that you enter into with us (“transaction data“). The transaction data may include your name, your contact details and the transaction details. The source of the transaction data is you and/or our payment services partner(s).
2.7 We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us or that we send to you (“communication data“). The communication data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication.
2.8 We may process data about your use of our website and Services (“usage data“). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your Service use. The source of the usage data is our analytics tracking systems.
2.9 Please do not supply any other person’s personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Purposes of processing and legal bases
3.1 In this section 3, we have set out the purposes for which we may process personal data and the legal bases of the processing.
3.2 Operations – We may process your personal data for the purposes of operating our website, the processing and fulfilment of orders, providing our Services, generating invoices, bills and other payment-related documentation, and credit control. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website, Services and business and, where applicable, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.3 Publications – We may process account data and/or profile data for the purposes of publishing such data on our website and elsewhere through our Services in accordance with your express instructions. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the publication of content in the ordinary course of our operations and, where applicable, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.4 Relationships and communications – We may process contact data, account data, customer relationship data, transaction data and/or communication data for the purposes of managing our relationships, communicating with you (excluding communicating for the purposes of direct marketing) by email, SMS, post and/or telephone, providing support services and complaint handling. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely communications with our website visitors, users, customers and customer personnel, the maintenance of our relationships, enabling the use of our Services, and the proper administration of our website, Services and business and, where applicable, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.5 Personalisation – We may process account data and/or usage data for the purposes of personalising the content that you see on our website and through our Services to ensure that you only see material that is relevant to you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely offering the best possible experience for our website visitors and users and, where applicable, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
3.6 Direct marketing – We may process contact data, account data, profile data, customer relationship data and/or transaction data for the purposes of creating, targeting and sending direct marketing communications by email, SMS, and/or post and making contact by telephone for marketing-related purposes. The legal basis for this processing is consent and, where applicable, our legitimate interests, namely promoting our business and communicating marketing messages to our website visitors and users.
3.7 Research and analysis – We may process usage data and/or transaction data for the purposes of researching and analysing the use of our website and Services, as well as researching and analysing other interactions with our business. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring, supporting, improving and securing our website, Services and business generally.
3.8 Record keeping – We may process your personal data for the purposes of creating and maintaining our databases, back-up copies of our databases and our business records generally. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely ensuring that we have access to all the information we need to properly and efficiently run our business in accordance with this policy.
3.9 Security – We may process your personal data for the purposes of security and the prevention of fraud and other criminal activity. The legal basis of this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection of our website, Services and business, and the protection of others.
3.10 Insurance and risk management – We may process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks and/or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
3.11 Legal claims – We may process your personal data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
3.12 Legal compliance and vital interests – We may also process your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Automated decision-making
4.1 We will use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making.
4.2 This automated decision-making will involve using your interests, values, tech stack, scale and location preferences to show you a list of companies and opportunities which would be a great fit for you.
4.3 The significance and possible consequences of this automated decision-making are that you will be presented with the most relevant companies and opportunities first.
Providing your personal data to others
5.1 We may disclose your personal data, including any personal data you make publicly available such as your LinkedIn or other similar profile(s), to third-party employers for the purposes of allowing them to contact you directly in respect of opportunities, for example where you apply for a role or join a talent pool.
5.2 We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
5.3 We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks and obtaining professional advice.
5.4 We may disclose your personal data to a prospective third-party purchaser in the event that some or all of our assets are acquired by such third-party.
5.5 We may disclose your personal data to a prospective third-party seller or purchaser in the event that we sell or purchase any business or assets.
5.6 Your personal data held in our database(s) will be stored on the servers of our hosting services providers.
5.7 We may disclose aspects of your personal data to our suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
5.8 Financial transactions relating to Services may be handled by our payment services partner(s). We may exchange transaction data with our payment services partner(s) only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
5.9 In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this section 5, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
International transfers of your personal data
6.1 In this section 6, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to a third country under UK and/or EU data protection law.
6.2 We may transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to the UK and process that personal data in the UK for the purposes set out in this policy, and may permit our suppliers and subcontractors to do so, during any period with respect to which the UK is not treated as a third country under EU data protection law or benefits from an adequacy decision under EU data protection law; and we may transfer your personal data from the UK to the EEA and process that personal data in the EEA for the purposes set out in this policy, and may permit our suppliers and subcontractors to do so, during any period with respect to which EEA states are not treated as third countries under UK data protection law or benefit from adequacy regulations under UK data protection law.
6.3 The hosting facilities for our website and Services are situated primarily in the UK and Ireland. The competent data protection authorities have made an adequacy determination with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries.
6.4 From time to time our suppliers and subcontractors may be situated in countries outside of the UK and EU. Where required in accordance with applicable data protection rules, transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the competent data protection authorities.
6.5 You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or Services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
7.1 This section 7 sets out our data retention policies and procedures, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
7.2 Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
7.3 Generally we will retain your personal data for as long as you keep your account open or as required for the purposes of providing you with our Services. This includes personal data provided to use by yourself or others and personal data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Subject to section 7.4 below, we will retain your personal data and keep your account open until such time that you decide to close it. From time to time we may retain certain information in an aggregated, de-personalised or otherwise anonymised form.
7.4 We will retain your personal data after you have closed your account only where it is strictly necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), fulfil regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, to enforce contracts, terms and conditions to which we are a party, to fulfil your request to unsubscribe from further communications from us, to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
7.5 In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the volume, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other requirements.
7.6 If you grant to us a licence to publish any of your personal data, we may continue to retain and publish that personal data after the end of the relevant retention period specified in this section 7 in accordance with the applicable licence terms, subject to your data subject rights.
Security of personal data
8.1 We will take appropriate technical and organisational precautions to secure your personal data and to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal data.
8.2 We will store your personal data on secure servers, personal computers and mobile devices, and in secure manual record-keeping systems.
8.3 The following personal data may be stored by us in encrypted form: your name, contact information and password(s).
8.4 Data relating to your enquiries and transactions that is sent from your web browser to our web server, or from our web server to your web browser, may be protected using encryption technology.
8.5 You acknowledge that the transmission of unencrypted (or inadequately encrypted) data over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
8.6 You should ensure that your password is not susceptible to being guessed, whether by a person or a computer program. You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our Services confidential and we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our Services).
Your rights
9.1 In this section 9, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
9.2 Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a) the right to access – you can ask for copies of your personal data;
(b) the right to rectification – you can ask us to rectify inaccurate personal data and to complete incomplete personal data;
(c) the right to erasure – you can ask us to erase your personal data;
(d) the right to restrict processing – you can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
(e) the right to object to processing – you can object to the processing of your personal data;
(f) the right to data portability – you can ask that we transfer your personal data to another organisation or to you;
(g) the right to complain to a supervisory authority – you can complain about our processing of your personal data; and
(h) the right to withdraw consent – to the extent that the legal basis of our processing of your personal data is consent, you can withdraw that consent.
9.3 You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
9.4 You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
9.5 In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
9.6 In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
9.7 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
9.8 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
9.9 You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
9.10 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a) consent; or
(b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
9.11 If you consider that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. In relation to complaints under EU data protection law, you may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement; in relation to complaints under UK data protection law, you should do so in the UK.
9.12 To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
9.13 You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
Third party websites
10.1 Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
10.2 In general we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
Personal data of children
11.1 Our website and Services are targeted at persons over the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided personal data to us without consent, he or she should let us know using the contact details shown at section 20 below.
11.2 If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
Updating information
12.1 Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
Acting as a data processor
13.1 If you are using our website and Services on behalf of your employer for recruitment and associated purposes, we also act as a data processor when processing your personal data.
13.2 We collect and process personal data as a data processor in order to provide our website and Services and to:
(a) create, activate, manage and support your account;
(b) provide technical support services to our users;
(c) provide the best and most effective user experiences;
(d) enable communication between users; and
(e) operate our website and Services effectively.
13.2 Insofar as we act as a data processor rather than a data controller, this policy shall not apply. Our legal obligations as a data processor are instead set out in the contract between us and the relevant data controller.
About cookies
14.1 A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
14.2 Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
14.3 Cookies may not contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal data that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
15.1 We may use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) authentication and status – to identify you when you visit and navigate our website and Services;
(b) personalisation – to store information about your preferences and to personalise our website and Services for you;
(c) security – to protect our website and Services generally;
(d) advertising – to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you;
(e) analysis – to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and Services; and
(f) cookie consent – to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
Cookies used by our service providers
16.1 Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
16.2 We use Google Analytics. Google Analytics gathers information about the use of our website by means of cookies. The information gathered is used to create reports about the use of our website. You can find out more about Google’s use of information online.
16.3 We may publish Google AdSense advertisements on our website. The advertisements may be personalised to reflect your interests. The cookies are used to track your previous visits to our website and your visits to other websites. You can opt out of Google’s personalised advertising and other third party use of cookies for personalised advertising online.
16.4 We use a Facebook pixel on our website. Using the pixel, Facebook collects information about the users and use of our website. The information is used to personalise Facebook advertisements and to analyse the use of our website. To find out more about the Facebook pixel and about Facebook’s use of personal data generally, see the Facebook privacy and cookie policies online. The Facebook cookie policy includes information about controlling Facebook’s use of cookies to show you advertisements. If you are a registered Facebook user, you can adjust how advertisements are targeted by following the instructions online.
Managing cookies
17.1 Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies online.
17.2 Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
17.3 If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Cookie preferences
18.1 You can manage your preferences relating to the use of cookies on our website by visiting
www.haystackapp.io
Amendments
19.1 We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
19.2 You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
19.3 We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email.
Our details
20.1 This website and our Services are owned and operated by Haystack App Limited.
20.2 We are registered in England and Wales under registration number 12150812, and our registered office is at 11 Lansdowne Terrace, Newcastle upon Tyne, England, NE3 1HN.
20.3 Our principal place of business is at the address listed at section 20.2 above.
20.4 You can contact us by using our website contact form or by email via
hello@haystackapp.io
Data protection registration
21.1 We are registered as a data controller with the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
21.2 Our data protection registration number is ZA620991.
‍