Privacy Policy
私密政策（汉语） - Chinese Version Below ↓
Last Update: August 25, 2020
Dual Cat SAS ("us", "we", or "our") operates websites, games, mobile applications and other products (“Games”) (hereinafter referred to as the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Definitions
Service
Service means games, mobile applications, other products (“Games”), and websites operated by Dual Cat SAS
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies.
We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies.
We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies.
We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies.
Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
Dual Cat SAS uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Dual Cat SAS legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Dual Cat SAS may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Dual Cat SAS will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Dual Cat SAS will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside France and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to France and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Dual Cat SAS will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Business Transaction
If Dual Cat SAS is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Dual Cat SAS may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Dual Cat SAS may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Dual Cat SAS
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Our Policy on "Do Not Track" Signals under the California Online Protection Act (CalOPPA)
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Dual Cat SAS aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you.
Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification.
You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object.
You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction.
You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability.
You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent.
You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Dual Cat SAS relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.
Facebook Analytics
Facebook Analytics is provided by Facebook Inc.
We use Facebook Analytics for in-game data analytics to improve our games.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Firebase Analytics
We use the developer platform called “Google Firebase” as well as the associated functions and services of Google Inc, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, (“Google”). Google Firebase is a platform for developing apps for mobile devices and websites. Google Firebase offers a variety of features, which are can be found on the following summary page:
https://firebase.google.com/products/
The functions include the storage of apps, including users’ personal data, such as content they have created or information regarding their interaction with the apps. Google Firebase also offers interfaces that allow interaction between the users of the app and other services.
The analysis of user interactions is carried out using the analysis service of Firebase Analytics. This service helps us to record our users’ interactions. Events such as the first time an app is opened, the uninstalling of an app, updates, crashes or the frequency of use of the app are recorded. Certain user interests are also recorded and evaluated.
The information processed by Google Firebase may be used with other Google services, such as Google Analytics and Google marketing services. In this case, only pseudonymous information, such as the Android Advertising ID or the Advertising Identifier for iOS, will be processed to identify users’ mobile devices. Additional information on the use of data for marketing purposes by Google can be found on the summary page:
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads
, Google’s privacy policy is available at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy
.
The legal basis for use is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 letter f GDPR. If users wish to object to interest-based advertising through Google marketing services, they can use the settings and opt-out options provided by Google:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences
.
GameAnalytics
GameAnalytics is provided by GameAnalytics.
We use GameAnalytics for in-game data analytics to improve our games.
For more information about GameAnalytics, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
Tenjin.io
Tenjin is provided by Tenjin, Inc.
We us Tenjin for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information Tenjin collects, please visit:
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/
Adjust
Adjust is provided by Adjust GmbH.
We us Adjust for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information Adjust collects, please visit:
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/
AppsFlyer
AppsFlyer is provided by AppFlyer
We us AppFlyer for performance attribution.
For more information on what type of information AppsFlyer collects, please visit:
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Adincube
Adincube is provided by Purple Brain SAS.
Please visit
https://storage.googleapis.com/adincube-resources/doc/Privacy_policy.pdf
IronSource
IronSource is provided by IronSource Mobile Ltd.
You can opt-out from IronSource network by following the instructions as described by Ironsource on their Privacy Policy page:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
For more information about IronSource, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
MoPub
MoPub is provided by MobPub Inc.
You can opt-out from MobPub service by following the instructions on MoPub Opt-out page:
http://www.mopub.com/optout/
For more information on what information MobPub collects and how it is used, please read MoPub Privacy Policy:
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is provided by Facebook Inc.
For more information about Facebook Audience Network, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
AdMob
AdMob is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from the AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
or visit the Privacy Policy of Google:
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
AppLovin
AppLovin is provided by AppLovin Corporation.
If you'd like to opt-out from AppLovin service, please visit the AppLovin Opt-out page:
https://www.applovin.com/optout
If you'd like to learn more about AppLovin, please visit the Privacy Policy page of AppLovin:
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
HyprMx
HyprMx is provided by HyprMX Mobile LLC.
For more information about HyprMX, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
PalmUp
PalmUp is provided by Palmup SAS .
For more information about PalmUp, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://docs.palmup.io/legal-section/privacy-policy
Pangle
Pungle is provided by Bytedance Pte.Ltd..
For more information about Pungle, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
Fyber
Fyber is provided by Fyber N.V
For more information about Fyber, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/
Vungle
Vungle is provided by Vungle Inc.
You can opt-out from Vungle service by following the instructions as described by Vungle on their Privacy Policy page:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
For more information about Vungle, please visit their Privacy Policy:
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Mintegral
Mintegral is provided by Mintegral International Ltd.
For more information about Mintegral, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
Please find their official statement regarding SDK Allegations of August 2020: https://www.mintegral.com/en/our-statement-regarding-recent-SDK-Allegations/
Unity Ads
Unity Ads is provided by Unity.
For more information about Unity Ads, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ogury
Ogury is provided by Ogury Limited.
For more information about Ogury, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://www.ogury.com/privacy/
Tapjoy
Tapjoy is provided by Tapjoy Inc.
You can opt-out from Tapjoy service by following the instructions as described by Tapjoy on their Privacy Policy page:
https://www.tapjoy.com/legal/
For more information about Tapjoy, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://dev.tapjoy.com/faq/tapjoy-privacy-policy/
Chartboost
Charboost is provided by Chartboost Inc.
For more information about Chartboost, please visit their Privacy Policy:
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
AdColony
AdColony is provided by Jirbo Inc.
You can opt-out from AdColony service by visiting the AdColony Opt-out page:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/opt-out/
You can also opt-out from AdColony through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information about AdColony, please visit their Privacy Policy:
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi
InMobi is provided by InMobi Pte Ltd.
You can opt-out from InMobi service by following the instructions as described on the InMobi Opt-out page:
http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of InMobi, please visit the InMobi Privacy Policy:
http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
StartApp
StartApp is provided by StartApp Inc.
You can opt-out from interest-based ads served by StartApp by following the instructions on their Privacy Policy, section "8. Your Choices and Controls":
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
For more information on what information StartApp collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy:
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
Smaato
Smaato is provided by Smaato, Inc.
For more information on what information Smaato collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy:
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Verizon
Verizon is provided by Verizon Communication Inc.
For more information on what information Verizon collects and how it is used, please read their Privacy Policy:
https://www.verizon.com/about/privacy/
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page:
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Behavioral Remarketing
Dual Cat SAS uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimise and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:
http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Facebook Ads
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page:
https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada
http://youradchoices.ca/
or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American
                Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/
Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@dualcat.io
隐私政策
本隐私政策是由 Dual Cat SAS（"Dual Cat"）作为 "数据控制者 "与您之间执行的。("Dual Cat")作为 "数据控制者 "与您执行。在这种情况下，本隐私政策的目的是提供关于收集、处理和使用您提供的与使用"Dual Cat"的游戏有关的数据以及其等级、目的和转移范围的信息。本隐私声明的目的是为您提供有关使用我们的游戏/应用程序（一起称为 "游戏"）的用户的个人数据处理的信息。当您使用游戏；或以某种方式与"Dual Cat"沟通时，"Dual Cat"根据信息的性质和当前技术可能性内的交易收集有关您的信息。您接受、承认并承诺，您的个人信息和数据可能被"Dual Cat"和/或通过"Dual Cat"以有限的方式使用，但仅限于本隐私政策中规定的格式和目的。与已识别或可识别的自然人有关的每一种类型的信息都构成个人数据。处理您的个人数据意味着对数据进行的所有类型的交易，如：获取、记录、存储、保存、改变、重新安排、披露、转移、获取、使其可访问、调整和防止访问。
1. 收集和处理个人数据的目的
当您下载我们的游戏到您的设备或玩游戏时，当您向我们发送您的反馈或直接向"Dual Cat"传达您的信息或支持请求时，或与我们的游戏中呈现的第三方广告互动时，或与"Dual Cat"在其他平台呈现的广告互动时，"Dual Cat"会自动收集您的个人数据。一般来说，我们收集的关于您的信息与您的设备有关，并帮助我们识别您的设备。"Dual Cat"也从Apple App Store和Google Play App Store（一起称为 "平台"）平台和商业伙伴那里收集数据。"Dual Cat"可能会收集您的个人信息（用户名、姓名（如果提供）、IP地址、访问日期和时间、在游戏中访问的页面）以及在"Dual Cat"下进行的活动，以便向您提供更好的服务，提出建议，改善其服务，在法律框架内促进使用与您的兴趣和喜好相关的游戏作品。
1. 在你玩"Dual Cat"的游戏时收集的个人数据
"Dual Cat"可能会收集您的个人信息和"Dual Cat"下发生的活动，以便向您提供更好的服务，提出建议，改善其服务，改善和更新我们的游戏，以方便在与您的兴趣和喜好有关的作品使用游戏，在法律框架内。
当您通过平台下载和/或播放游戏时，"Dual Cat"从您和/或您的设备中收集某些个人数据。在这方面，"Dual Cat"收集您的广告ID（IOS设备的IDFA和Android设备的GAID）、其他设备标识符（IOS设备的IDFV）、设备标识符、操作系统、型号、生产商信息、硬件类型、操作系统版本、内存使用、国家、时区和首选语言信息、互联网协议（IP）号码、根据您的IP地址的位置信息。运营商和浏览器信息、消费者与游戏互动的移动应用程序的属性信息、关于您在游戏中互动的数据（您在玩我们的游戏时花费的时间、您在游戏中的花费、级别信息、观看广告的时间、观看的广告）以及安装和首次打开应用程序的时间。
上述广告ID（IDFA和GAID）是广告商用于个性化广告的移动设备的唯一标识符，并在所有移动应用中保持一致，因此允许跨应用追踪。你可以通过激活苹果设备隐私设置中的 "限制广告跟踪 "来禁用这一选项。至于谷歌Android设备，你可以通过激活 "禁用广告个性化 "选项来改变你的广告设置。广告ID，是非永久性的标识符，它与你的设备唯一相关。
我们想提醒您，您可以选择使用我们的无广告功能，在不看广告的情况下玩游戏，这需要付费。
在我们包含记分牌功能的游戏中，您的用户名和分数可以被其他用户查看。应用内购买的付款是由平台进行的。"Dual Cat"不收集您与平台共享的个人数据，如您的姓名、信用卡号码和电子邮件地址，只有您购买的物品的付款信息与我们共享，以完成您的订单。
2.  当您与"Dual Cat"联系时收集的个人数据
当您与我们联系时
当您要求获得有关我们游戏的信息、要求技术支持或以任何方式与我们联系时，我们可能要求您提供联系信息（电子邮件）。您的联系信息将被处理为满足您的要求和与您沟通的目的。
评论
当您分享您对我们游戏的评论和意见时，您可能会分享包含您个人数据的数据。用户评论的内容完全由您自愿提供的数据组成。我们处理您共享的个人数据是为了解决您遇到的问题和满足您的要求。
3. 由第三方收集的数据
如果官方机构/组织根据法律的需要要求您提供给"Dual Cat"的个人数据，如果法院要求，这些数据可能会被传送给有关当局和法院。
我们的业务伙伴或服务提供商可以在我们的游戏中使用服务器日志文件、cookies、像素标签、网络信标或其他跟踪工具。我们的广告业务合作伙伴和下面第3部分提到的分析服务提供商可以收集有关您的IP地址、您的广告标识符（IOS设备的IDFA和Android设备的GAID）、其他设备标识符（IOS设备的IDFV）、cookie标识符、广告ID、您的移动设备的类型、操作系统、版本、型号、硬件类型、其他设备标识符（当您连接到互联网时自动确定）、网络浏览器信息、您访问的网站、您在游戏中的连接以及您对访问网站的偏好，通过使用所述技术。你可以访问这些第三方的隐私政策从第3节。
"Dual Cat"储存你的数据，只要它是必要的，以提供我们的游戏和删除它时，数据处理的目的不再存在。如果在本隐私声明中所述的目的范围内需要处理的原因不再存在，以及最迟在相关记录的注册日期的2年后，将删除个人数据。
4. 儿童数据
"Dual Cat"从不故意或自愿收集任何有关16岁以下儿童的个人数据。
2. 处理您的个人数据的法律依据
"Dual Cat"在处理您的个人数据时依据的法律理由如下。
明确同意和/或您的要求
根据适用的法律或法规或法院判决或发布的行政命令，有必要披露这些信息的情况下
建立和执行协议的需要
对"Dual Cat"履行其作为数据控制者的法律义务是必要的
对建立、行使和保护任何权利是必要的
在不损害您的基本权利和自由的情况下，为"Dual Cat"的法定利益所必须的
在数据处理活动中，如果您的个人数据是基于明确的同意而处理的，您有权在任何时候撤回您的同意。
"Dual Cat"处理您的设备和使用数据的法定利益是向您提供更好的服务，提出建议，改进其服务，改进和更新我们的游戏，在法律规定的框架内，在与您的兴趣和喜好有关的作品中促进游戏的使用。
"Dual Cat"承诺对您的数据和任何机密信息严格保密，在不影响本条款内容的情况下，将其视为保密义务，采取一切措施并尽职尽责，防止您的全部或任何部分信息进入公共领域或受到未经授权的使用，或采取措施防止机密信息透露给任何第三方。如果尽管"Dual Cat"采取了所有必要的数据安全措施，但由于系统受到攻击或被第三方捕获而导致机密信息受损，"Dual Cat"对此不承担任何责任。
对于因使用您在公共区域的评论或第三方提供的信息而造成的损失，"Dual Cat"不承担任何责任。如果您与第三方共享您在创建会员记录时使用的姓名、密码等信息，"Dual Cat"对与第三方共享信息可能造成的损失不承担任何责任。
3. 您的个人数据的转移
您的个人数据可能会被转移给我们位于国外的商业伙伴和服务提供商，以便改进我们的游戏并向您提供我们的游戏，根据您的兴趣提供个性化的广告，衡量"Dual Cat"和第三方的广告效果，并就您对我们游戏的使用进行测量和分析。如果法律授权公共机构要求提供个人数据，您的个人数据可以根据适用的个人数据保护立法转移到该授权公共机构。来自司法机关的要求也将根据适用的立法得到满足。
您的个人数据可能会被转移给我们的商业伙伴和以下所述的服务提供商。
分析服务
:您的个人数据可能会被转移给我们的服务提供商和商业伙伴，以便对我们的游戏使用情况进行分析审查、分析、报告和研究活动。
云计算服务
:您的个人数据被储存在亚马逊网络服务的服务器中。
广告业务合作伙伴
:您的个人数据可能被转移到我们的广告合作伙伴，他们使游戏可以免费或低价提供。
您可以在下面找到我们的服务提供商和商业伙伴的名单以及他们的隐私政策：
服务提供商/商业伙伴以及其相关隐私政策
分析服务
Adjust
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google LLC (Firebase)
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy
SafeDK
https://www.safedk.com/privacy
Game Analytics
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy
云计算服务 亚马逊网络服务有限公司
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/
广告业务合作伙伴（广告网络）
Adincube
https://storage.googleapis.com/adincube-resources/doc/Privacy_policy.pdf
IronSource
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/
MoPub
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/
Facebook Audience Network
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy
AdMob
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
AppLovin
https://www.applovin.com/privacy
HyprMx
https://www.hyprmx.com/pp
PalmUp
https://docs.palmup.io/legal-section/privacy-policy
Pangle
https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy
Fyber
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/
Vungle
http://vungle.com/privacy/
Mintegral
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/
请看他们关于2020年8月的SDK指控的官方声明:
https://www.mintegral.com/en/our-statement-regarding-recent-SDK-Allegations/
Unity Ads
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Ogury
https://www.ogury.com/privacy/
Tapjoy
https://dev.tapjoy.com/faq/tapjoy-privacy-policy/
Chartboost
https://answers.chartboost.com/en-us/articles/200780269
AdColony
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/
InMobi Privacy Policy:
http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
StartApp
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/
Smaato
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/
Verizon
https://www.verizon.com/about/privacy/
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
4. 您在保护您的个人数据方面的权利
根据相关法律规定，您有权利:
了解您的个人数据是否被处理。
如果已被处理，要求提供有关处理的信息。
了解个人数据处理的目的，以及个人数据的使用是否符合这些目的。
了解您的个人数据在国内或国外被转移给哪些第三方。
如果你的个人数据被不完整或不正确地处理，你可以要求更正。
要求删除或销毁您的个人数据。
要求将您的更正、删除和销毁要求转达给您的个人数据被转移到的第三方。
反对通过自动系统分析您的处理数据而对您造成的任何后果
如果您因非法处理个人数据而遭受任何损失，要求赔偿。
要求限制数据处理活动。
要求数据可移植性。
通过自动系统分析所处理的数据，反对发生不良后果，以及向相关的数据保护机构提出投诉，并有权在因您的个人数据被违反相关法律规定而受到损害的情况下要求赔偿。
您可以将所有与此类权利有关的主张和问题提交给legal@dualcat.io您的请求将尽快得到答复(最迟在三十天内)。
Dual Cat SAS
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 1
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Sub-policy 2
https://gameanalytics.com/privacy:
No items found.
Logos
Solutions
Analytics
Make data-driven decisions
Ad & Market Intelligence
Go beyond standard insights
Data Management
Out-of-the-box data pipelines
What's New
Latest updates to our product suite
Explore
Live Ops
Benchmarks
User Analysis
Integrations
Explore
Data Warehouse
Data Export
API Access
Use cases
Ideate & Validate
Analyze & Iterate
Operate & Scale
Pricing
Customers
Resources
Blog
The #1 game industry blog
Reports & Guides
Our own research and insights
Support
Contact our support team
Feedback
Submit your feature requests
Documentation
Detailed technical documentation
Login
Get started
Product
Analytics
Live Ops
Benchmarks
User Analysis
Integrations
Ad & Market Intelligence
Data Management
Data Warehouse
Data Export
API Access
Use cases
Ideate & Validate
Analyze & Iterate
Operate & Scale
Explore
Pricing
Blog
Customers
Reports & Guides
Support
What's new
Feedback
Documentation
Trusts
/
Privacy
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Last updated: Aug 21, 2023
Version: 2.2
Who we are and what we do
We are GameAnalytics ApS, a company registered in Denmark under company number 34043221, with our registered office at Pilestræde 58, 2, 1112 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
Our affiliate, GameAnalytics Limited is a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 09214168, with their registered office at 18 Soho Square, London, England, W1D 3QL.
GameAnalytics Limited is registered with the UK supervisory authority, Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) in relation to our processing of Personal Data under registration number ZA439557.
We are an ‘in game’ analytics service provider, working in partnership with developers around the world to monitor and improve everything about their games.
GameAnalytics ApS, together with its affiliate GameAnalytics Limited, (“GameAnalytics”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of all Personal Data processed as part of its business activities.
Unless we notify you otherwise, we are the controller of the Personal Data we process about you. This means that we decide what Personal Data to collect and how to process it.
The purpose of this privacy notice is to explain what Personal Data we collect about you and how we process it. This privacy notice also explains your rights, so please read it carefully. If you have any questions, you can contact us using the information provided below under the ‘How to contact us’ section.
For residents in Mainland China, please read the GameAnalytics China PIPL Privacy Notice at https://gameanalytics.com/legal/pipl-china.
Who this privacy notice applies to
This privacy notice applies to you if:
You visit our website
You register and/or create a GameAnalytics Account
You enquire about our products and/or services
You purchase goods or services from us
You are an existing client
You contact us by email, telephone or by using our online contact form
You sign up to receive newsletters and/or other promotional communications from us
What Personal Data is
‘‘Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
‘Special Category Personal Data’ is more sensitive Personal Data and includes information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying someone, data concerning physical or mental health or data concerning someone’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Personal Data’ means any information from which someone can be identified either directly or indirectly. For example, you can be identified by your name or an online identifier.
Personal Data we collect
The type of Personal Data we collect about you will depend on our relationship with you. For the type of Personal Data we collect, see the table below in the section entitled ‘Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases’.
How we collect your Personal Data
We collect most of the Personal Data directly from you in person, by telephone, text or email and/or via our website.
However, we may also collect your Personal Data from third parties such as:
reputable companies who provide lead generation contact lists
others to whom you have provided consent
publicly available sources such as social media platforms
sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services
advertising networks
analytics and tracking software providers and
search information providers
Purposes for which we use personal data and the legal bases
We will only use your Personal Data when the law allows. Most commonly, we will use your Personal Data in the following circumstances
:
Purpose
Lawful Basis for Processing
Responding to correspondence from you
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to enquiries made via our website, by email, through our social channels or any other means.
Sending you information on sales events or product information which may be of interest
If you are an existing customer or have expressed an interest in our products or services, we will rely on legitimate interests to contact you for marketing purposes.
You may object to the processing for this purpose by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com. If we have captured your consent for the purposes of marketing, that consent may be withdrawn at any time by emailing privacy@gameanalytics.com or using the unsubscribe option.
Provision of our services
Processing is necessary for the performance of the contract between us.
To maintain a record of contact for current client engagement
It is our legitimate interest to maintain a record of the contact we have with you within our client database.
Business management, forecasting and statistical purposes
It is our legitimate interest to identify areas for managing current business relationships, develop new products and services, and for managing our business.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience
It is our legitimate interest to allow analytics and search engine providers to help improve and optimise our websites.
Improving our websites and the overall website visitor and user experience.
We use cookies on our websites with your consent.
Improving our platform and the overall client experience.
It is our legitimate interest to utilise analytical and tracking software to help improve and optimise our client platform.
Where Personal Data is processed because it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, we will be unable to provide our services without the required information.
Sharing your Personal Data
We may also disclose your information to third parties in connection with other purposes set out in this privacy notice. These third parties may include:
business partners, suppliers and sub-processors* who may process information on our behalf
advertisers, social media platforms, and advertising networks
analytics and search engine providers
IT service providers
*A list of our sub-processors is available upon request.
This site may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Where we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, we may disclose your details to the police, regulatory bodies or legal advisors, and/or, where we consider necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GameAnalytics, its personnel, users or others.
International Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred internationally, this is because the organisations we use to provide our service to you are based outside the EU/UK.
We have taken appropriate steps to ensure that any Personal Data being processed internationally, still has an equivalent level of protection to that guaranteed in the EU/UK. We do this by ensuring that:
Your Personal Data is only processed in a country which the Secretary of State has confirmed has an adequate level of protection (an adequacy regulation) or
We either enter into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or an International Data Transfer Agreement (“IDTA”) with the receiving organisation and adopt supplementary measures where necessary. (A copy of the IDTA can be found here international-data-transfer-agreement.pdf (ico.org.uk))
How long we keep your data
We will retain your personal data for as long as is necessary to provide you with our services and for a reasonable period thereafter to enable us to meet our contractual and legal obligations and to deal with complaints and claims.
At the end of the retention period, your personal data will be securely deleted or anonymised, for example by aggregation with other data, so that it can be used in a non-identifiable way for statistical analysis and business planning.
How we protect your data
We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect data against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
GameAnalytics is SOC2 Type II** compliant and
ISO27001 certified
. You can review our real-time
Trust Report
and address any inquiries that you may have at
security@gameanalytics.com
.
** The SOC2 Type II Report is available upon request.
In addition to the technical and organisational measures we have put in place, there are simple things you can do to in order to further protect your personal information, such as:
Never share One Time Passcodes (OTPs) or passwords.
Never enter your details after clicking on a link in an email or text message.
Always send confidential information by encrypted email to reduce risk of interception.
If you’re logged into any online service do not leave your computer unattended.
Close down your internet browser once you’ve logged off.
Never download software or let anyone log on to your computer or devices remotely, during or after a cold call.
You can easily identify secure websites by looking at the address in the top of your browser which will begin https:// rather than http://.
Your data protection rights
GameAnalytics would like to make sure you are fully aware of your rights. We will always ensure, no matter where you are located in the world, that we adhere to and fully respect your data protection rights.
You have the following rights if you are located in the EU or UK:
Rights
Description
Right to be informed
Individuals have the right to be informed about the collection and use of their personal data.
Right of access
Individuals have the right to receive a copy of their personal data, and other supplementary information.
Right to rectification
Individuals have the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete.
Right to erasure (the ‘right to be forgotten’)
Individuals have the right to request their personal information to be erased, in certain circumstances.
Right to restrict processing
Individuals have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data, in certain circumstances, in particular:
if your data is not accurate;
if your data has been used unlawfully but you do not want us to delete it;
if your data is no longer needed, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims; or
if you have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting to receive confirmation from us as to whether we can comply with your request.
Right to data portability
Individuals have the right to obtain and reuse their personal data, in a machine-readable format, for their own purposes across different services, in certain circumstances.
Right to object
Individuals have the right to object to the processing of their personal data, in certain circumstances.
Where we are using your personal data because it is in our legitimate interests to do so, you can object to us using it this way.
Where we are using your personal data for direct marketing, including profiling for direct marketing purposes, you have an absolute right to ask us to stop doing so.
Rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling
Individuals have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) that produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you.
In addition to the above, an individual also has the following rights:
Rights
Description
Right to withdraw consent
(if applicable)
Where we are using your personal data based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link
.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Exercising your data protection rights
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
If you wish to exercise your data protection rights, please email
privacy@gameanalytics.com
.
Recruitment
We may advertise job vacancies and opportunities on the careers section of our website, for more information on how we process candidate information please read our recruitment privacy notice.
Children’s Privacy
GameAnalytics is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and protecting the online privacy of children under the age of 13. Our services are not directed at children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information, including persistent identifiers, from such individuals without verifiable parental consent.
As required by COPPA, our privacy policy clearly states that we do not share personal information or persistent identifiers related to children with third parties.
If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with their Personal Data without your consent, please contact us via email at
privacy@gameanalytics.com
or via phone at +45 20110132.
By using our Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our commitment to COPPA compliance and our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information from children.
Cookies
A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Cookies do lots of different jobs, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and providing you with content that is relevant to you.
We use cookies on our website, more information about which can be found within our
Cookie Policy
.
How to contact us
If you would like to exercise your statutory data protection rights, or if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle personal data, please contact us using the details below.
‍
Danish office:
GameAnalytics ApS
Pilestræde 58, 2,
1112 Copenhagen K,
Denmark
Email: dkoffice@gameanalytics.com
UK office:
GameAnalytics Limited
18 Soho Square,
London,
W1D 3QL
Email: ukoffice@gameanalytics.com.
Please send your communication clearly indicating ‘F.A.O. Data Protection Officer’ and your message will be passed directly to the DPO for attention.
How To Complain
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you are concerned about the way in which we are handling your Personal Data.
Our lead EU data protection supervisory authority is the Danish Datatilsynet and you can contact them and/or submit a complaint via this
link
(local language).
You can also submit a complaint directly to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection in the UK, via this
link.
If you are based anywhere within the EEA a list of supervisory authorities can be found via this
link
.
If you are based in Switzerland, you can contact the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner via this
link
(local language).
Changes to this privacy notice
We may update this notice (and any supplemental privacy notice), from time to time as shown below. We will notify you of the changes where required by applicable law to do so.
Privacy Notice for Game Developers
Sub-policy 3
https://www.tenjin.io/privacy/:
LAST UPDATED: February 25, 2025
Tenjin, Inc. is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. The first section of this document describes our practices in connection with information that we collect from our customers and potential customers through the websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Websites”), and from users of the Websites (whether or not such users are our customers). The Websites include tenjin.io, tenjin.com, blog.tenjin.io, blog.tenjin.com, docs.tenjin.io, docs.tenjin.com, track.tenjin.io, track.tenjin.com, and dashboard.tenjin.com. The second section describes the information we collect in the course of providing services to our customers (the “Services”). If you are a Tenjin employee or contractor and want to learn how Tenjin uses your personal information, you can find that information in the “Tenjin Notice of Data Privacy for Employees” posted in Confluence.
European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the United Kingdom’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”)
Tenjin provides tools and services to mobile app developers so that they can track and analyze certain End User actions in the context of mobile marketing. Tenjin does not collect any data directly (except from the companies and people that sign up for Tenjin or request marketing info, which is described in the Website Privacy Policy below). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) and the UK’s Data Protection Act (the “UKDPA”), Tenjin is a data processor. As a data processor, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. The mobile app developers must receive your consent in order for Tenjin to process, and perhaps store, your data. Tenjin recognizes your right of access under Section 15 of GDPR and Section 45 of UKDPA. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app, and you wish to exercise your right of access, you must contact the owner or operator of the mobile app (the data collector).
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) became law on January 1st, 2020 but enforcement begins six (6) months from the date the California Attorney General issues final regulations (which shall be no later than July 1st, 2020). With regard to Tenjin’s Services, under CCPA, Tenjin is a service provider. As a service provider, Tenjin processes, and may store, information sent by Tenjin customers from their mobile apps. Tenjin’s customers may send information about the End Users of their apps, and the users’ devices, to Tenjin for processing and storage. Tenjin customers must comply with the opt-out requirements under CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.120(a)) and take into account any exceptions or other requirements mandated by law. As a service provider, Tenjin relies on CCPA’s business purpose exemption under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(t)(2)(C) and as a service provider, Tenjin does not have any direct obligations to the End Users to obtain consent, provide opt-outs, or delete data. If you are a user of a Tenjin customer’s mobile app and you wish to opt-out or exercise another right under CCPA, you must contact the app publisher (the business).
The above applies to both Section 1 and Section 2 below.
SECTION 1: WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person. We collect Personal Information, such as name, organization name and email address, from our customers and potential customers when they provide it to us through the Services (such as by creating an Account), through the Website, or via email sent to a Tenjin email address.
How We May Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send administrative information to you, such as information regarding our services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
To provide you with customer service.
To send you marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
How Personal Information May Be Disclosed
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers and consultants who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
OTHER INFORMATION
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as browser and device information; information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies; and aggregated information.
How We May Collect Other Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Using cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the device that you are using to access the Websites. Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Websites, pages visited and other anonymous traffic data. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Websites. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive. Note that this Privacy Policy covers only our use of Cookies and does not include use of Cookies by such third parties.
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with the Websites to, among other things, track the actions of users (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the Websites.
Using a third-party analytics provider: We use Google Analytics and Hubspot for our Website analytics. These providers use cookies and similar technologies to analyze how users use the Websites, compile statistical reports on Website activity, and provide other services related to the Websites. They may also collect information about Website visitors’ use of other websites. For more information about Google Analytics, including how to opt out, please go to:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
. For more information on Hubspot’s privacy practices, please go to:
https://legal.hubspot.com/privacy-policy
.
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Websites, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, diagnosing server problems and administering the Websites.
By aggregating information: Aggregated Personal Information does not personally identify you (for example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who have a particular telephone area code).
How We May Use and Disclose Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information as long as it is combined.
THIRD PARTY SERVICES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Websites link. The inclusion of a link on the Websites does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect Personal Information and Other Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Data collected from your device is encrypted using SSL or other technologies. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
The Websites are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Websites you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
MODIFYING INFORMATION
Customers can access and modify their billing address by emailing
privacy@tenjin.com
. If customers want to delete their own Customer Data or their Account from the Services, customers can contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
with a request. We will delete the Customer Data but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law. If a customer ceases subscribing to the Services, please email
privacy@tenjin.com
and we’ll automatically delete the customer’s Account and take steps to delete that customer’s Customer Data from the Services.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Websites. Your use of the Websites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
.
SECTION 2: SERVICES PRIVACY POLICY
CUSTOMER DATA
Our customers are advertisers. On behalf of a customer, we receive data about its advertising campaign on a particular advertising network directly from that network. “Customer Data” means advertising campaign data or information made available to Tenjin or the Tenjin Platform by or on behalf of a customer or any Authorized User, or via a customer’s use of the Tenjin Platform. We format and otherwise process the Customer Data, to help our customer understand and analyze the effectiveness of and costs associated with its advertising campaigns across various advertising networks.
HOW WE COLLECT CUSTOMER DATA
We collect Customer Data through Tenjin’s software development kit (“Tenjin SDK”) that customers have a license to use. We may also collect Customer Data from our customers’ third party mobile marketing partners, to the extent that the customer has authorized us to do so.
HOW WE USE CUSTOMER DATA
We use Customer Data to provide the Services to the relevant customer. We may also use it to improve the Services and develop new products and services.
We do not share Customer Data with any customer other than the customer to which it relates, unless we have received the prior express written consent of the customer to do otherwise. Without consent, we may disclose Customer Data:
To our affiliated and third-party service providers; and To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
In addition, we may use or disclose Customer Data as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Unless prohibited by applicable law or advertising network terms, we may aggregate Customer Data such that it is not reasonably identifiable with or to the customer to which it relates, or the customer’s end users (“Aggregate Data”). We may share Aggregate Data with third parties for industry research and analysis, demographic profiling and other similar purposes.
HOW WE COLLECT AND PROCESS END USER DATA FOR CUSTOMERS
Customers may send information about individuals using their app (“End Users”) to Tenjin for processing and storage. This information may include Vendor ID (if available), IP address, Apple Search attribution (if enabled), Bundle ID, SDK Version, App Version, OS Version, Device Type, Device Model, Device Locale, Device Country, OS Platform, Limit Ad Tracking setting, and Advertising ID. Advertising IDs are user-specific, unique character strings that can be reset by the user and are used to track an End User’s device for advertising purposes. Examples include Google Ad ID and IDFA.
Tenjin customers must abide by all applicable laws and obtain all applicable consents before sending End User data to Tenjin. If you feel that your data has been collected by a Tenjin customer without your consent, please contact the Tenjin customer directly. If you would like to access, modify or delete your data collected by a Tenjin customer, please contact the Tenjin customer directly.
Tenjin also recognizes the Right to Erasure under Article 17 of GDPR. For erasure requests, since Tenjin is a data processor, please contact the Tenjin customer directly with your deletion request.
HOW WE PROCESS AND SECURE DATA
Tenjin is a SaaS company whose solutions are built on the AWS platform. Data is processed by Tenjin in secure locations operated by Amazon (AWS) in the United States.
Tenjin uses appropriate and reasonable measures to protect data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, while taking into account any inherent risks and the nature of the data. Additional details on AWS security certifications and procedures can be found here:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Security/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf
.
QUESTIONS
Please contact us at
privacy@tenjin.com
if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or Tenjin’s compliance with GDPR or CCPA. Please email
privacy@tenjin.com
if you would like to contact Tenjin’s Data Protection Officer (DPO), or EU representative under GDPR Article 27.
Tenjin is Listed in the Google Play SDK Index – Here’s What it Means for Mobile Developers
Google recently released this post on how they kept the Google Play and Android app ecosystems safe in 2024.The report reveals that 2.36 million apps were removed in 2024, with 158,000 developer accounts banned, highlighting a significant increase in enforcement compared to 2023. With stricter scrutiny on app ecosystem compliance, how can developers navigate this…
100 Million Downloads! How XGame Studio Achieved Global Success with Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps
In this case study, we take you through how XGame Studio, a leading mobile game publisher based in Hong Kong, achieved Global success using Tenjin and Xiaomi’s GetApps.  Here’s a glimpse of the impressive results they were able to achieve with the help of Tenjin and GetApps, Xiaomi’s app store: – ≈ 20% boost in…
Tenjin Joins Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partner (MMP) Program
We’re thrilled to announce that Tenjin has officially joined  Meta’s Mobile Measurement Partners (MMP) program, a significant milestone in our 10-year journey of empowering mobile publishers.  What Does Meta’s MMP Status Mean for You? As an official MMP, Tenjin is now recognized as an official partner for mobile app attribution and analytics. This means Tenjin…
The State of Mobile Gaming in Brazil 2025: Data, Trends, and Market Analysis
In this post, we delve into the latest data, trends, and insights that showcase the state of mobile gaming in Brazil in 2025.  Drawing from exclusive industry reports, and insights from a leading local expert, we’ll explore the factors driving this remarkable growth, and the unique characteristics of the Brazilian gaming market. The State of…
×
We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the
privacy policy
and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for
experience, measurement and “marketing (personalized ads)”
as specified in the
cookie policy
.
You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing the preferences panel.  Denying consent may make related features unavailable.
Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting.
Press again to continue 0/1
Learn more and customize
Reject
Accept
Sub-policy 4
https://www.adjust.com/terms/privacy-policy/:
English
日本語
Deutsch
Privacy policy
CCPA
Privacy policy
Last modified: October 2024
Adjust GmbH including all of its affiliates (collectively, "Adjust" or "We") respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you how we process your personal data.
The data controller according to art. 4 European General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, managing directors are Andrey Kazakov and Egor Lukomsky.
Responsible for data processing in contracts with your respective contractual partner:
●      Adjust GmbH, Germany
●      Adjust Software Ltd, United Kingdom
●      Adjust Inc., United States
●      Adjust K.K., Japan
●      Adjust Beijing, China
●      Adjust Brasil Licenciamento de Software Ltda., Brazil
If one of our subsidiaries is the data controller and the registered office is outside the EU, its EU Representative is Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37A, 10405 Berlin, Germany
If the data processing is subject to the UK GDPR and a UK Representative is required this is Adjust Software Ltd, 90 High Holborn, Holborn, London, WC1V 6LJ, United Kingdom
In case of any questions relating to data protection, please get in touch with us at
privacy@adjust.com
.
Our external Data Protection Officer is ePrivacy GmbH, represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer, Burchardstrasse 14, 20095 Hamburg. If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please send your request to them by post. Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company Adjust GmbH.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to our Privacy Policy). If you are a California resident, please also review our California Resident Privacy Notice ("CCPA").
1. Collection and Use of Data
Term
Personal data is all information relating to personal and objective circumstances through which a person may be personally identified. This may for example entail information such as your name, address or other contact details such as phone number or e-mail address.
Intended Use
We base the processing of your data on the following legal bases:
●      Your consent, if you have given us such consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR),
●      The initiation or execution of a contract with you (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) GDPR),
●      The fulfilment of legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR),
●      The implementation of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR)
When processing your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR, we pursue the following legitimate interests:
●      To present and improve our website
●      To estimate the size of our target group and their user pattern
●      To save information about your preferences so that we may adapt our website to your individual interests
●      To speed up your search
●      To recognize you when you return to our website
Furthermore, with this information we will be able to ensure the stability and security of our website.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
●      To present our Website and its contents to you
●      To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us
●      For marketing and advertising purposes
●      To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection
●      To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it and to help us understand how the Website is being used (website analysis)
●      for other purposes that we specifically explain to you prior to collecting your information.
We may also use your information to contact you about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, you may elect to unsubscribe and we will cease using your information in that manner.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features/register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Adjust GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany, via email at
privacy@adjust.com
.
This privacy policy and the CARU icon shown on our websites and online services, confirm that Adjust, Inc. is a valid licensee and participating member in the CARU Safe Harbor Program (“CARU Safe Harbor”).  To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative.  CARU has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all Adjust’s websites and online services where this privacy policy is posted.
As part of the CARU Safe Harbor, we are subject to audits and frequent monitoring of our websites and online services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by CARU.
If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact CARU at:
CARU Safe Harbor
Attn: Director
1676 International Drive #550
McLean, Virginia 22102
InfoCaru@bbbnp.org
PLEASE NOTE: CARU is not a data controller or a data processor for Adjust, Inc. and cannot process personal data requests made pursuant to CCPA. Please direct your personal data request directly to Adjust, Inc, through the link in our privacy policy under “Your California Privacy Rights”.
From whom we receive your information
We receive the information from you (including about the devices you use). In addition, if we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also tell you the source of the personal data and, if applicable, whether it comes from publicly available sources.
Information We Collect About You
We collect several types of information from and about users who visit our Website via internet connection or through your device which you use to access our Website, including certain user details. Such information includes:
●      Traffic data
●      Location
●      Server logs
●      Resources on our website which you access and use
●      IP address, operating system and browser type
and information which is collected through cookies, web-beacons and other tracking technologies.
Furthermore, we are processing data with which you may be personally identified such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and any other identifier with which you may be contacted online or offline ('personal data') insofar as you provide us with this data in our online form. Keep in mind that we also handle correspondence and process data to that respect.
Technologies, which we use on this website
The technologies we use for this data processing may include:
●      Cookies (or browser cookies). We, and businesses we work with, require cookies for some features of our website. Cookies are small files that your browser places on your device in a designated directory. These cookies can be used to determine, for example, whether you have visited a website before. They are deleted after the end of your visit. Other cookies ("persistent cookies") are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can delete cookies at any time in the security settings of your browser and object to the use of cookies through your browser settings. Please note that disabling cookies may result in restrictions when using our website.
●      Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Adjust, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
●      Log files. Every time you access our Internet pages, your usage data is transmitted through the respective internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The records stored in this case contain the following data: domain and location from which the user is accessing the website.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
●      Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our newsletter, subscribing to our service, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the Adjust technology,
●      Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us,
●      Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website,
●      Details of Website searches and button clicks are also recorded.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Automated decision making (including profiling)
Automated decision-making - including profiling - does not take place.
Requirement or Obligation to Provide Data
Unless this is expressly stated, the provision of your data is not required or obligatory.
Duration of Retention of Data
We store your data:
●      If you have consented to the processing, at the latest until you withdraw your consent,
●      If we need the data to carry out a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you or statutory retention periods are running,
●       if we process the data for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, at most for as long as the legal obligation exists,
●      If we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
●      To our subsidiaries and affiliates for the sole purpose of providing our services.
●      To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business:
●      Provider of web analysis tools,
●      Web hosting and web development providers,
●      Marketing and advertising service providers,
●      E-mail and newsletter provider,
●      Service provider for editing and translations,
●      CRM system service provider,
●      Cloud services,
●      Payment service provider,
●      Conference and Webinar Software,
●      Service provider for online surveys,
●      Service provider for chat software,
●      Social media platforms.
●      To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Adjust's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Adjust about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
●      To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
●      For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
●      With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
●      To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request,
●      To enforce or apply our
terms of use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes,
●      If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Adjust, our customers or others.
Unless otherwise stated herein, your personal data will be processed on our servers. If we have commissioned technical service providers, they will only process the data after having received express instructions and they are contractually obliged to guarantee adequate technical and organizational measures for data protection. Insofar as we refer to integrated services of other providers in this privacy policy, it can be assumed that personal data will be transmitted to the specified headquarters of these providers. These providers may be based in a so-called third country outside the European Economic Area.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
●      Changing the browser settings. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
●      Consent Banners (“CMP”). You can grant and manage your cookie and consent preferences via the consent banner provided. Please note that we base the setting or processing of personal data using cookies on your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR, sec. 25 para. 1 TTDSG. In the case of cookies, which are absolutely necessary to make the website available properly, we base the setting of cookies on sec 25 para. 2 No. 2 TTDSG or the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR to make our website available and to ensure this and its functionality and user-friendly design.
●      Opt-out. You may "opt out" of receiving marketing or promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations
●      We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from, for example, members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's
website
.
How we protect Your Data
●      We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. All transactions, regardless of their nature, are encrypted using SSL technology.
●      The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
●      Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
●      Transfer between subsidiaries: We may transfer user and customer information to our affiliates and to third party providers for the sole purpose of providing our services.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to our newsletter, we will process your e-mail address and data to verify your subscription. You can cancel your subscription at any time by sending a message to us or by clicking the 'unsubscribe' button in every email.
Your rights according to the GDPR
As the data subject, you have the right of access (art 15 GDPR), the right to rectification (art 16 GDPR), the right to erasure of your personal data (art 17 GDPR), the right to restriction of and object to the processing of your personal data (art 18 GDPR and art. 21 GDPR) as well as the right to data portability (art 20 GDPR). Furthermore, you have the option to file a complaint against the processing of your personal data with  a supervisory authority (for example, the data protection authority responsible for us, which is the Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit at
https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de/
, Art. 77 GDPR).
If you have given your consent to the processing of your data, you can withdraw the given consent at any time (art.7 para.3 GDPR) by sending us an email to
privacy@adjust.com
.  The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
You can object to the processing of your personal data insofar as we base the processing of your personal data on our legitimate interests. This is the case in particular if the processing is not necessary for the fulfilment of a contractual obligation to you, which we in each case present in the description of the functions which follow. In case of such objection, we kindly ask for an explanation of the reasons for the objection against the processing of your personal data. In the case of your justified objection, we will examine the situation and will either discontinue or adapt the data processing or point out to you our compelling legitimate reasons based on which we continue the processing your personal data.
Of course, you can object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time.
In this case, please send an e-mail to
privacy@adjust.com
.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, please review our
California Resident Privacy Notice
("CCPA") for information regarding your California privacy rights.
Transfer to Third Countries
If personal data is being transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area, we only transfer it to third countries where the EU Commission has confirmed an adequate level of protection or where we can ensure the careful handling of personal data by means of contractual agreements (Standard Contract Clauses) or other suitable guarantees, such as certifications or proven compliance with international security standards. Information on this is available from us upon request.
Data Privacy Framework
Adjust Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Adjust Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Adjust Inc. commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Adjust Inc. at:
privacy@adjust.com
If you are an EU individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see below) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Choice: If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Policy, Adjust will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of Personal Data should be sent to us at
privacy@adjust.com
2. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
We use the Google Analytics service of the provider Google Ireland Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland on our website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service that allows us to collect and analyze data about the behavior of visitors to our website. Google Analytics uses cookies for this purpose, which enable an analysis of the use of our website. This involves processing of personal data in the form of online identifiers (including cookie identifiers), IP addresses, device identifiers and information about interaction with our website.
Some of this data is information that is stored in the terminal device you are using. In addition, further information is also stored on your end device via the cookies used. Such storage of information by Google Analytics or access to information that is already stored in your terminal device only takes place with your consent.
Google Ireland will process the data collected in this way on our behalf in order to evaluate the use of our website by the users, to compile reports on the activities within our website and to provide us with further services associated with the use of our website and the use of the internet. In doing so, pseudonymous usage profiles of the users can be created from the processed data.
The personal data processed on our behalf to provide Google Analytics may be transferred to any country in which Google Ireland or Google Ireland's sub-processors maintain facilities. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries".
In addition to the option to reject Google Analytics in our Consent Banner, you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
.
We only use Google Analytics with IP anonymization enabled. This means that the IP address of the user is shortened by Google Ireland within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by the user's browser is not merged with other data. You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
We use the Google Analytics 4 variant, which allows us to track interaction data from different devices and from different sessions. This allows us to put individual user actions in context and analyze long-term relationships.
The data about user actions are stored for a period of 14 months and then automatically deleted. All other event data is stored for 2 months and are then automatically deleted. Thereby, the deletion of the data whose storage period has expired takes place automatically once a month.
Google Ads
We use the online advertising program Google Ads of Google Ireland, Limited Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (“Google”) on our website, through which we place advertisements on the Google search engine. When you access our website via a Google ad, Google sets a cookie on your terminal device ("conversion cookie"). In the process, a different conversion cookie is assigned to each Google Ads customer, so that the cookies are not tracked across the websites of different Ads customers. The information obtained with the help of the cookie is used to create conversion statistics. This tells us the total number of users who clicked on one of our Google ads. However, we do not receive any information with which users can be personally identified. When using the service, a transfer of your data to the USA cannot be excluded. Please note the information in the section "Data transfer to third countries". You can find Google's privacy policy here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
.
Google Remarketing
We also use the Google Analytics advertising features (remarketing) from Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. This function enables us, in conjunction with the cross-device functions of Google, to display advertisements in a more targeted manner and to present users with ads that are tailored to their interests. Via the remarketing, users are shown ads and products for which interest has been identified on other websites in the Google network. The function allows us to link advertising target groups created via Google Analytics Remarketing with the cross-device functions of Google Ads. In this way, interest-based, personalized advertising messages that have been adapted to a user depending on previous usage and surfing behavior on an end device (e.g. cell phone) can also be displayed on another end device of the user (e.g. tablet or PC).
If you have given your consent, Google will link your web and app browsing history with your Google account for this purpose. In this way, the same personalized advertising messages can be placed on every end device on which you log in with your Google account. The aggregation of the collected data in your Google account is based solely on your consent, which you can give or withdraw at Google. For these linked services, data is then collected via Google Analytics for advertising purposes. To support the remarketing function, Google Analytics collects users' Google-authenticated IDs, which are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data. This is used to define and create target groups for cross-device ad advertising.
Privacy policy of Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Further information and setting options for personalized advertising at Google can be found here:
https://support.google.com/My-Ad-Center-Help/answer/12155451?hl=en&sjid=174251308182856932-EU
.
Google Signals
We use the Signals feature of Google Analytics, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. Google Signals recognises individual users using different devices (so-called cross-device tracking). We only receive anonymous data in the form of a report that shows patterns in user behaviour. Google Signals helps us to better understand how visitors interact with our website and to show more meaningful and personalized ads to these visitors after leaving our website.
For this, session data is being processed and linked with website visitors that
• have a Google account;
• are logged in to their Google account when they access the corresponding website; and
• have turned on the “Ads personalization” feature in their Google account.
If you do not wish to be subject to the Signals feature, you can deactivate the “Ads personalization” feature in your Google account.
The privacy policy of Google can be found here:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Meta Pixel (formerly known as Facebook Pixel)
We use the "visitor action pixels" from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Meta") on our website. This allows user behavior to be tracked after they have been redirected to our website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Meta, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Meta may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with
Facebook's Data Usage Policy
. You can allow Meta and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes. You can object to the collection of your data by Meta pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads in your account-settings. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/policy/?entry_point=data_policy_redirect&entry=0
.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we have added to our websites to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to help us unlock valuable insights about our website visitors. The LinkedIn Insight Tag is offered by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions, retarget website visitors, and unlock additional insights about members interacting with our LinkedIn adverts. The LinkedIn Insight Tag enables the collection of metadata such as IP address information, timestamp, and events such as page views. All data is encrypted. The LinkedIn browser cookie is stored in a visitor's browser until they delete the cookie or the cookie expires. You can opt out of cookies from LinkedIn on your
LinkedIn settings page
and recommend you read their
Cookie Policy
for more information. ​​You can find LinkedIn's privacy policy here:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement (formerly Salesforce Pardot)
Marketing Cloud Account Engagement is a B2B marketing automation tool by Salesforce, which we use to keep customers informed about upcoming events, product updates/ new features, etc. This marketing tool is embedded in our website for general marketing purposes, including e-mail, social media, digital ads, web management and analytics. For this marketing tool, we use cookies to identify you when you visit and re-visit our website. With this tool we track different data points when you are using our website in order to improve the website content we provide to you as well as to improve our marketing campaigns and make their content more relevant for you. For more information on Salesforce's privacy policy, you can find their privacy policy here:
https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/
.
Hotjar
Hotjar Ltd. Dragonara Business Centre, 5th Floor, Dragonara Road, Paceville St Julian’s STJ 3141, Malta, provides a service which analyses the online behavior of website users by combining analytics and feedback tools.
Hotjar will collect and process your IP address when you navigate through and interact with the contents of our website and to evaluate the use of Adjust Dashboard. The sole purpose for passively collecting this information is by means of the website analysis to improve your experience when using our website and Adjust Dashboard. Hotjar offers information on how users can stop the analysis:
https://www.hotjar.com/policies/do-not-track/
. You can find Hotjar's privacy policy here:
https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/
Drift
Drift Inc., 222 Berkeley Street, Suite 600, Boston, MA 02116, USA, is providing a conversation-driven marketing platform. We have implemented Drift’s chatbot tool on our website in order to engage and communicate with website visitors interested in our services. For this, Drift records conversation data, IP address and contact information. Drift's privacy policy can be found here:
https://www.drift.com/privacy-policy/
.
Microsoft Advertising
We use Universal Event Tracking (UET) on our website via the Microsoft Advertising service of Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland. Via UET, Microsoft stores a cookie in the user's browser to enable an analysis of the use of our online offer. The prerequisite for this is that the user has reached our website via an advertisement from Microsoft Advertising. In this way, we and Microsoft can recognise that someone has clicked on an ad, has been redirected to our online offer and has reached a previously determined target page (conversion measurement). No IP addresses are stored in this process. No further personal information about the identity of the user is communicated either.
For more information on data protection at Microsoft, please refer to Microsoft's privacy statement at
http://privacy.microsoft.com/en/privacystatement
. Microsoft offers the opportunity to opt out under
https://account.microsoft.com/privacy/ad-settings/signedout?lang=en-US
.
6sense
We use 6sense, a marketing automation software on our website. The service is provided by 6sense Insights, Inc., 450 Mission Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States. 6sense enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with 6sense includes cookie and other online identifiers, names, email addresses, phone numbers, social media contact information, company names, customer status, industry and job descriptions, websites visited, location information, and commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by 6sense in their privacy policy at
https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/
.
G2
We use G2 Track Your Prospects, a marketing analytics service on our website. The service is provided by
G2.com
, Inc., 100 S. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL 60606, United States. G2 allows us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with G2 includes the data collected by Google Analytics as well as data about your activity on our website as well as on the G2 website, namely cookie and other online identifiers, information stored in your G2 profile, information about your industry, customer status, websites visited and website usage information, location information, and likely commercial interests. We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by G2 in their privacy policy at
https://legal.g2.com/privacy-policy
.
Appzi
We use Appzi, a website visitor feedback collection tool on our website. The service is provided by Appzi, Inc., 2035 Sunset Lake Road, Newark, DE 19702, United States. Appzi allows us to collect feedback from website visitors. The data collected by Appzi includes the feedback provided by website visitors as well as information about your system (non-precise location, device type, operating system, browser type, screen resolution, URL visited). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Appzi in their privacy policy at
https://www.appzi.com/privacy
.
Demandbase
We use Demandbase, an account-based marketing service, on our website. The service is provided by Demandbase, Inc., 222 2nd St., 24th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA. Demandbase enables us to identify and target B2B prospects who have shown interest in our services. This allows us to optimize and improve our marketing strategy.
The data shared with Demandbase includes contact details of our clients and prospects (first and last name, company name, title, email. address(es), phone number(s), business address.) and website traffic data collected via Demandbase Tag (IP address, cookie ID, HTTP header, website engagement information). We process this data based on your consent as well as based on our commercial marketing interests. You can find more information about the data processed by Demandbase in their privacy policy at
https://www.demandbase.com/privacy/.
3. Other Recipients
Cookiebot
We use the consent technology of Usercentrics A/S, Havnegade 39, 1058 Copenhagen, Denmark (hereinafter "Cookiebot") to obtain consent for the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or for other actions requiring consent and to document and manage these in accordance with data protection laws. The purpose of the data processing is the analysis, management and proof of the consents granted, in order to comply with our obligation of a GDPR-compliant consent management.
When you access our websites, a connection is established to the servers of Cookiebot in order to obtain your consent and other declarations regarding the use of cookies. Cookiebot then stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their withdrawal. The data collected in this way is stored until you request us to delete it, delete the Cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. Mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
Among other things, your IP address (in anonymized form, the last 3 digits are set to 0), the date and time of your consent, our website URL, technical browser data, an encrypted anonymous key and the cookies you have allowed (as proof of consent) are processed.
The privacy policy of Cookiebot can be found here:
https://www.cookiebot.com/en/privacy-policy/
Gong
In our sales activities, we use the "Gong" service of Gong.io Inc., 265 Cambridge Ave, Suite 60717, Palo Alto, CA 94306, USA. We use Gong to record, transcribe and analyse video conferences between our sales staff and you. The service is used exclusively with your consent for the purpose of employee training. You will find Gong's Privacy Policy at
https://www.gong.io/privacy-policy
.
Facebook Lead Ads
We use Facebook Lead Ads from Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland. Users may submit their contact information to us through certain advertisements, which we then process for promotional and advertising purposes. For more information visit:
https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
.
LinkedIn Lead Gen Forms
LinkedIn, meaning LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Irland, offers Ads that allow people to submit their contact and other information to us ("Lead Gen Forms").  We process the data transmitted to us for advertising purposes. You entered data will also be processed by LinkedIn. For more information visit:
https://linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
.
Amplitude
Amplitude is an analysis service of Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. This tool collects technical information, such as the type of your device (e.g., iPhone 7 or the operating system used (e.g., iOS 10.3). In addition, Amplitude tracks location data (e.g. country) and internal data (e.g. language, server upload time, session ID) that occur when using our Adjust Dashboard. Such events may, for example, be how long you were logged into our Dashboard and from which country. In other words, Amplitude helps us understand how you use our Dashboard so we can improve the experience. You will find additional information about the manner in which Amplitude processes data at:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
.
Rollbar
To better understand any possible errors in the source code of our dashboard, we share some data from our dashboard users with Rollbar, Inc., 665 3rd St Ste 150, San Francisco, California, 94107, USA. These data include the dashboard user's name, email address, and device information, such as a description of the error or bug the dashboard user experienced while using the dashboard. For further information please refer to Rollbar's privacy policy at
https://docs.rollbar.com/docs/privacy-policy
.
Pendo
Pendo is an analysis service of Pendo.io Inc. 301 Hillsborough Street, Suite 1900, Raleigh, NC 27603, USA that we use to evaluate the use of our Adjust Dashboard, generate reports on activities, analyze behavioral metrics and improve the experience. The tool collects the Adjust Dashboard user name, email-address, country and region as well as usage data when using our Adjust Dashboard. You can find more information in Pendo's privacy policy at
www.pendo.io/legal/privacy-policy/
.
Facebook Page
We operate a Facebook page (so-called "Fanpage") on Facebook, a service of Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2,
Meta collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights," to site operators to help them gain insight into how people interact with their sites and the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices users use, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd. for the collection and processing of data of visitors to our Fanpage. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our Fanpage, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities., art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. We have therefore concluded a joint controller agreement with Meta regarding the processing of your data pursuant to Art. 26 DSGVO. The agreement with Meta also regulates in particular which security measures Meta must observe and that Meta must fulfill the data subject rights.
You can find more information about page insights as well as information on how to assert your data subject rights in the "
Information on page insights
". You can view the terms and conditions of the contract concluded with Meta
here
. You can find Meta's privacy policy here:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/policy/
LinkedIn Page
We operate a LinkedIn page on LinkedIn, a service of LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland.
LinkedIn collects and uses data to provide analytics services, known as "page insights", to site operators to help them understand how people interact with their pages and with the content associated with them. This data includes information about the types of content that users view or interact with, or the actions they take, as well as information about the devices used by users, such as IP addresses, operating system, browser type, language settings, cookie data.
We are jointly responsible with the LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company for the collection and processing of information about visitors to our page. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in improving the user experience when visiting our LinkedIn Page, in effective promotional activities using social media and communication about specific products, and measuring and adjusting such activities, art. 6 para. 1 lit. f. GDPR. We have therefore concluded an agreement with LinkedIn on joint responsibility with regard to the processing of your data in accordance with art. 26 GDPR. In particular, the agreement with LinkedIn also regulates which security measures LinkedIn must observe and that LinkedIn must comply with the rights of data subjects.
You can find further information on the Page-Insights as well as instructions on how to assert your data subject rights in the privacy policy of LinkedIn (
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
). The terms of the agreement concluded with LinkedIn can be viewed here (
https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum
).
4. Processing of data through the Adjust technology
We provide mobile analytics and attribution services to mobile app providers (our "Customers"). In connection with these services, we may process certain data from the users of these mobile apps (collectively the "End User" or "You"), as further described hereafter. We process the data upon instructions from our Customers and do not have any kind of direct relationship with the You as the End User.
Our SDK and APIs (collectively the "Adjust Technology") may process some of the following data from You as the End User:
●        IP address
●        Mobile identifiers such as the ID for Advertising for iOS (IDFA), Google Advertising ID or similar mobile identifiers
●        User Agent
●        Installation and first opening of an app on Your mobile device
●        Your interactions within an app (e.g. in-app purchases, registration)
●        Information regarding which advertisements You have seen or clicked on
●        For the Fraud product additionally: sensory data including touch events, counting text changes, accelerometer, gyroscope, battery, light sensor, device hardware specifications and operating system version
We use the aforementioned data for providing mobile analytics and attribution services to our Customers, and thereby allow our customers to measure their marketing performance, to match You to their campaigns and to understand how You engage with our Customers’ apps. Furthermore, we enable our Customers to measure Your interactions in their apps in real time in order to see how You engage over their full lifetime. The aforementioned data is therefore processed in order to analyze the performance of marketing campaigns and to provide performance reports to our Customers. We do not combine the data with any other data that would enable us to personally identify You. Any information processed via the Adjust Technology is owned and controlled by our Customer who has implemented the Adjust Technology into their mobile app.
We do not share or disclose the user data with anyone else except with our server providers and in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement requirements. We store the data as long as our Customers are using the Adjust Technology because we need it to provide our services to our Customers, if not requested otherwise by our Customers. In some cases, there is a transfer of data to third countries outside the European Union. This is done on the basis of statutory provisions that are intended to ensure an adequate level of protection for Your personal data. For more information, please contact us.
Customers who have
child-directed apps
must choose the appropriate product settings and must not share any personal data with Partners or any third parties. Customers must agree to the section in our
Terms and Conditions
accordingly.
5. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Sub-policy 5
https://www.appsflyer.com/privacy-policy/:
Platform
Measure
Measurement suite
Measure every action on mobile, web and CTV
ROI measurement
Understand your true mobile marketing ROI
Creative Optimization
Unlock creative performance with the power of AI
Analyze
Marketing analytics
Turn insights on campaign performance into action
Incrementality
Prove the real value of your marketing campaigns
Engage
CX & deep linking
Boost revenue with exceptional customer experience
Audience segmentation
Create meaningful conversations with your customers
Protect
Fraud protection
Protect your marketing budget from mobile ad fraud
Collaborate
Privacy Cloud
Collaborate with your partners in a privacy-centric way
AppsFlyer Data Collaboration Platform
First-party data monetization that fuels retail media growth
Partner marketplace
Connect to over 10,000 tech and media partners
Interactive product tours
iOS 14+ solutions
Data feeds & APIs
Solutions
Team
Marketing
Product
Data & Analytics
R&D
Goal
Regain iOS visibility
Kickstart app growth
Scale user acquisition
Increase engagement & LTV
Maximize ROAS
Industry
Gaming
Shopping
Finance
Food & drink
Health & fitness
Travel
Platform
iOS
Android
PC & console
CTV & OTT
Web
Mobile
Web3
Partnerships
Tech and media partners
Agency partners
Partner Program
Interactive product tours
Customer stories
The AppsFlyer difference
Learn
Resources
Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer
Ecosystem
Blog
Reports & guides
Events & webinars
Tools & templates
Industry benchmarks
Videos
Podcasts
Glossary
Metrics comparison
Customers
Customer stories
Product news
Use cases
Help center
Developer Hub
AppsFlyer Learning
Come to MAMA
Company
Who we are
Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do
About us
Newsroom
CEO blog spot
Trust hub
Careers
Social impact
Contact
From our CEO
The future of our ecosystem and web
On privacy and user experience
Aggregated advanced privacy
Pricing
Login
Sign up free
Contact sales
Legal hub
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Documentation
MSA
Site Terms
Website Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
DPA
Opt Out
Processing Customer Data
Supplier Portal
Subprocessors
Modern Slavery Statement
Website Privacy Policy
Last updated May 28, 2024
This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through use by customers of the AppsFlyer service, which is described under our
Services Privacy Policy
.
Information We Collect
When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”).
“Personal Information” such as name, email, contact details or any other personal content that you provide to us whether through a form or field on our website or any other communication (e.g. email, phone, post etc.).
“Technical Information” such as browser type, operating system, device type, IP address and other similar technical information typically received from a browser or device automatically when visiting or interacting with our Marketing Platforms. This may include the referring URL that led you to our website.
“Usage Information” such as the pages you visited on our website, where you clicked, searches performed on our website and other similar information related to how you have used our website. It may also include information related to whether you receive, opened or clicked on any links in an email sent to you.
We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws.
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways:
When you voluntarily share Information with us. For example, when you register to one of our events, request that we contact you through our online forms, submit your CV, or when you request to receive certain content that we may make available (e.g. research and white papers).
Through use of cookies and other similar technologies (e.g. HTML5 Local Storage, LSO, web beacons, JavaScript, etc.). These technologies help us to analyze how our Marketing Platforms are used and to tailor content that is relevant to you. It also helps us to deliver more relevant advertisements to you on our own or third party sites. For more information on such technologies, including how to manage your cookie preferences please see our
Cookie Policy
.
Information obtained from third party sources. This includes Information received through the various business support tools and services that we use (e.g. marketing platforms, analytics services etc.) and public sources such as social media sites. We may combine the Information received through these sources with other Information we have in order to ensure our records are up to date and so that we are able to provide you with relevant content.
You have choices in how we collect and use Information. See the “
Your Choices
” section below for more information.
The Purposes
We use Information for the following purposes:
To process your inquiries and to respond to your requests. For example, when you contact us to learn more about our products or services or when you request to receive certain materials from us (e.g. white papers, research papers, product and services information). Additionally, if you submit your CV to us, we use it to evaluate your candidacy (including by assessing your qualifications and skills).
To send you information related to our services and products that we believe may interest you, such as newsletters or product and service updates. Such communications will be sent to you when you have chosen to receive such communication or when we have a legitimate interest to market our products and services. In any event, you will always be able to opt-out of receiving such communications. Opting out may be done either directly in the communication received or through the ways described in the instructions in the “
Your Choices
” section below.
To understand how you have used our Marketing Platforms and to customize them in accordance with your interests and past actions and choices. We do this based on our legitimate interest to operate our Marketing Platforms, diagnose any problems with the Marketing Platforms and to improve the Marketing Platforms and your experience when navigating through them.
In our legitimate interest to prevent fraud or harm to us or to any third party, and ensure the security of our network and services.
Where it is necessary for AppsFlyer to comply with its legal obligations and to exercise and enforce its legal rights.
We may use certain third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Who We Share Information With
In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as:
Our subsidiary companies and global branches.
Third parties that help us operate our Marketing Platforms (e.g. hosting company, recruitment platforms and agencies, payment processors, business management and email distribution service providers and other similar service providers). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
When required by law, such as to comply with court orders, search warrants, regulatory orders, subpoenas, and other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
Legal authorities, consultants, advisors or service providers when required to investigate, respond to, or prevent, fraud; or when required to ensure the security of our network and services and protect the safety of AppsFlyer or the public.
As part of any merger or acquisition of AppsFlyer, Information may be transferred to the merging or acquiring company, as well as to any advisors representing a party during discussions of such merger or acquisition.
AppsFlyer resellers, agents, partners or service providers acting on our behalf in connection with the offering of AppsFlyer’s products or services.
Third-party marketing and advertising networks to help us market our products on our own website and on third party websites (e.g. remarketing ads across the Internet by Google).
Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms.
Cross Border Data Transfers and Mechanisms
We may need to transfer Information to countries where we and/or our service providers operate. Such countries may be different from the country in which the data originated and where data protection laws may not be equivalent to, or offer the same protection as, those in your country. By using our Marketing Platforms, you agree to any such transfers. In any event, where appropriate given the nature of services, we will put in place agreements with our service providers to ensure a level of privacy consistent with the terms of this policy.
With regards to the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area to the United States, please be assured that AppsFlyer continues to comply with all applicable laws in respect of such transfers and any data transfers to the United States will be governed by the Standard Contractual Clauses as set forth in our DPA with the relevant service provider.
AppsFlyer Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. AppsFlyer Inc. has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, as well as to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view AppsFlyer’s certification, please visit
Data Privacy Framework website
.
The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over AppsFlyer Inc.’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and in case of onward transfer of data to third parties, AppsFlyer maintains liability.
In compliance with the DPF Principles, AppsFlyer is committed to resolving any complaints arising regarding our processing of your personal data. You may direct your queries to privacy@appsflyer.com and, in compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we are committed to referring unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF to Truste, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://trustarc.com/dispute-resolution/
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of Truste are provided at no cost to you and allow for binding arbitration.
Protecting Your Information
We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response.
Information Storage and Retention
We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request.
Modifications to This Policy
AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates.
Your Choices
We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, accessing the email preferences in your account settings page, or you can contact us at
https://www.appsflyer.com/company/contact/
. You can manage your preferences related to our use of cookies and similar technologies that we use, among other things, to provide you with targeted interest-based advertisements and to analyze your use of our Marketing Platforms – please see our
Cookie Policy
for instructions. Additionally, certain advertisers (including Google) we work with may be members of NAI and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance. You may opt-out from such advertisers’ services here or at the following link:
https://youradchoices.com/
In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions may provide you with various rights in connection with our processing of certain Information. Such rights may include:
The right to withdraw any previously provided consent;
The right to access certain information about you that we process;
The right to have us correct or update any Personal Information;
The right to have certain Information erased;
The right to have us temporarily block our processing of certain Information;
The right to have Information exported into common machine-readable format;
The right to object to our processing of Information in cases of direct marketing, or when we rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis to process your information; and
The right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority.
We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
.
Social Media and Third Party Services
Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies.
Children’s Privacy
AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same.
California Privacy Rights
We may collect personal information about California residents who are afforded additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 et seq. (the “CCPA“). If you are a California resident, you can see more details about the types of personal information we have collected from you in the past 12 months and may collect from you in Section 1 above (
Information We Collect
) and how we collect such personal information in Section 2 above (
The Methods We Use to Collect and Receive Information
). The purposes for which we collect your personal information are further described in Section 3 above (
The Purpose
). We do not share your personal information with any third party except as further described in Section 4 above (
Who We Share Information With
). Please refer to the other terms of this Privacy Policy to see further rights afforded to you and how we use your personal information.
We do not “Sell” (as defined in the CCPA) your personal information which we have collected or may collect and in the event we will Sell your personal information, we will notify you by updating this Privacy Policy in accordance with Section 8 above (
Modifications to this Policy
) and we will provide you with the option of opting out of such “sale”.
You, as a California resident, have certain rights regarding your personal information pursuant to the CCPA, subject to certain restrictions under applicable laws, including the rights to access your personal information, to delete your personal information, and to opt out of the “sale” of your personal data. You may request any of these by contacting us via email at
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. Upon your request, we will verify that you are the person making this request and in order to do so, we may request identification documents from you.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Website Privacy Policy, the information we collect, the practices of AppsFlyer, or your dealings with the Marketing Platforms, please contact us or our Data Protection Officer by sending an email to:
privacy@appsflyer.com
or by physical mail to: AppsFlyer Ltd. (Attn: Legal Dept.) 14 Maskit St., Herzliya, Israel. For the purposes of Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation, the representative within the EU of AppsFlyer is AppsFlyer Germany Schönhauser Allee 180, 10119 Berlin, Germany (contact
privacy@appsflyer.com
; +49 30 166373500).
Sub-policy 6
https://storage.googleapis.com/adincube-resources/doc/Privacy_policy.pdf:
UserProjectAccountProblem
The project to be billed is associated with a closed billing account.
The billing account for the owning project is disabled in state closed
<Error>
<Code>
UserProjectAccountProblem
</Code>
<Message>
The project to be billed is associated with a closed billing account.
</Message>
<Details>
The billing account for the owning project is disabled in state closed
</Details>
...
</Error>
Sub-policy 7
https://developers.ironsrc.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy//:
Home
Unity LevelPlay Platform
Unity LevelPlay SDK
ironSource Ads monetization
ironSource Ads user acquisition
My account
News and updates
Contact us
Contact us
Home
/
My account
/
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
User management
User management
User profiles
Log in using single sign-on (SSO)
Funds and payments
How do I receive payments?
Net 60 payments
Advance payments
How to set up and update your payment method
How to update your payment method
How to set up two-step verification for payments
Company information
Payments dashboard
Legal resources
Platform Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Children and child-directed apps
Data Protection Addendum
ironSource US state privacy laws
ironSource SDK implementations under the GDPR
DMCA Takedown Policy
Apple’s app privacy questionnaire
Google’s Data Safety Questionnaire
Open Source Terms and Conditions
Ad Quality Terms and Conditions
ironSource Mobile Ltd. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: September 4th
, 2024
Table of Contents:
About us
Scope
Information we collect
How we use the information we collect
Maximum information retention period
How we share information
How to control information
Children
International transfers
EU Representative
State Privacy Rights
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact us
About Us
ironSource Mobile Ltd. (“ironSource Mobile”) operates 4 main services:
Ad Network
– A platform that allows app developers to serve ads within their apps, and advertisers to promote their products, and services within apps.
Mediation Platform
– A platform that helps app developers to manage all the ad providers with which they have a direct relationship (e.g. ironSource Mobile ad network, “third party” ad networks, additional online advertising companies, etc.) that serve ads on their apps.
Analytics Platform –
A platform that allows app developers to receive insights on their apps.
Ad Quality Platform
–
A platform that allows app developers to monitor advertising content displayed within their apps.
In addition, as of November 2022, Unity Technologies has been added as a corporate affiliate of ironSource Mobile Ltd. To view Unity’s privacy policy, please click
here
We collect information in either of 2 ways:
Directly
– through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps. SDK, or a Software Development Kit, is a software component that allows us to serve ads in a mobile app, and to collect information directly from such apps.
Indirectly
– through other third party mediation platforms with which we engage in order to serve ads in apps, or by receiving information from our advertisers, or affiliates.
Scope:
This privacy policy describes ironSource Mobile’s privacy practices with respect to information it processes through its Ad Network, Mediation Platform, Analytics Platform and Ad Quality Platform. This privacy policy does not govern the use of our website, dashboard for publishers, and dashboard for advertisers.
ironSource Mobile serves ads to users all around the world. Accordingly, throughout the document, we try to harmonize our approach and the language of the privacy policy as much as possible. However, sometimes we refer to specific laws that require further disclosures. For example,  whenever you see throughout the policy the annotation “The GDPR angle”, it means that the purpose of such section is to satisfy the transparency requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), and therefore it applies only to personal data (as defined by the GDPR) associated with devices who we deem to be located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, or Switzerland. If you are a resident of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connetecuit and Utah, please see “State Privacy Rights” section of this privacy policy for information related to privacy laws in these states.
Information We Collect:
Information collected through our Ad Network (“Ad Network Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, and a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer. The term Advertising ID refers to the Google Advertising ID on Android devices, and ID For Advertising (“IDFA”), or . The Advertising ID is a resettable persistent identifier generated by Android or iOS that allows online advertising companies to recognize a device across apps, for advertising purposes. You can find additional information about how to limit our use of the Advertising ID under “How to Control Your Information”.
General technical information about a device: Technical information such as the device’s time zone, the amount of free memory on the device, the name and version of the app to which the ad is served, battery status, operating system name and version,  the language of the operating system, the name of the mobile carrier, internet connection type (e.g. WiFi), etc.
Campaign information: An indication if an ad was viewed, or clicked, or if there was an install of an advertised app. Information about actions performed within an advertiser’s app following such an install, such as in-app purchases, and level in the game (if the advertiser chooses to provide such information).
Information collected through our Mediation Platform (“Mediation Information”)
–
Identifiers: Advertising ID, IP address, a self-created ID unique to a specific app, and IDs unique only to apps of the same developer.
General technical information as described above.
Data provided by the app developers (if they choose to provide it) – The app developer can choose to share with us the following information: age, gender, in-app purchases, advance in the game, and such other information provided by the app developer.
Information collected by our Analytics Platform (“Analytics Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
App events: Events set by the app developer that occurred within the app.
General technical data about the device.
Information collected by our Ad Quality Platform (“Ad Quality Information”)
Identifiers: a self-created ID unique to a specific app.
Advertising content: The ads displayed within the app, and interactions with such ads.
General technical data about the device.
How We Use the Information We Collect:
As stated above, we provide 4 main services. For each such service, we use the information we collect in different ways. Below is a general description of how we use information across our services:
Operating our Ad Network
– We use Ad Network Information to serve ads on app developers’ apps. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Ad delivery: we use Ad Network Information to technically enable the delivering of ads to your device.
Reporting, billing and attribution: We use Ad Network Information to generate reports for our publishers and bill advertisers and publishers, including for ensuring that if you interacted with our ads, we will receive payment for our service.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Network Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Fraud detection and prevention: We use Ad Network Information for detecting and preventing fraud, and for ensuring viewability of our ads.
Optimization and frequency capping: We use Ad Network Information for optimizing advertising campaigns, including for limiting the number of times you view a specific campaign across our network, or the number of ads you view in a specific app.
Whitelisting/blacklisting: We allow advertisers to upload lists of device IDs to include/exclude in, or from their advertising campaigns.
Operating our ad marketplace. We use Ad Network Information to allow the third party advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Operating our Mediation Platform
– We use Mediation Information to operate our mediation platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our mediation platform in order to allow them to better understand their audience in terms of interaction with ads.
Segmentation: We allow app developers to create segments based on parameters they configure in our mediation platform. Such segmentation allows them to use different ad networks and different ad units for different segments of users. However, this feature does not allow them to serve you with personalized advertising, as app developers cannot control the content of the ads served by different networks.
Sending ad requests on behalf of the app developer: In addition to the other information used to operate the mediation platform, we use the Ad Network Information in order to send ad requests on behalf of the app developer to ad networks with which the app developer has direct contractual relationship, but due to technical reasons, we are in the best position to populate the ad request with the Ad Network Information.
Operating our Analytics Platform
– We use Analytics Information to operate our Analytics Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Analytics Platform in order to allow them to better understand the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Analytics Information for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Operating our Ad Quality Platform
– We use Ad Quality Information to operate our Ad Quality Platform. More specifically, we use such information for the following purposes:
Reporting: We generate reports for the app developers using our Ad Quality Platform in order to allow them to see which ads were served within their apps, and how such ads affected the use of their apps.
Internal Operations: We use Ad Quality for internal operations, such as debugging, support, security, and improving our services.
Compliance with legal obligations –
We may use Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information to comply with applicable legal obligations.
The GDPR Angle:
Legal basis for the processing of personal data –
Processing
Details
Controller/Processor
Legal Basis
Mediation platform
Processing of Mediation Information for the purpose of operating our mediation platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad network
Processing Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad network, including for purposes listed above, such as optimization and frequency capping, attribution, fraud detection and prevention, and internal operations
Controller
Our legitimate interests, and the legitimate interests of app developers
Ad network – Ad marketplace (allowing third parties to bid on ad inventory)
Processing of Ad Network Information for the purpose of operating our ad marketplace, including the sharing of personal data with third party advertising partners listed
here
, for the purpose of receiving bids from such third party advertising partners
Controller
Consent
Ad Network – Blacklisting/whitelisting ad campaigns
Processing of personal data for the purpose of excluding/including devices from, or in an ad campaign
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Ad Quality Platform
Processing of Ad Quality Information for the purpose of operating our Ad Quality Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Analytics Platform
Processing of Analytics Information for the purpose of operating our Analytics Platform on behalf of app developers
Processor
The legal basis applicable to the processing is chosen by the app developer, as the controller
Maximum Information Retention Period:
We will retain personal data included in Ad Network Information, Mediation Information, Analytics Information, and Ad Quality Information for the longer of: (i) a period of up to 6 months from the date such information is first stored in our systems; or (ii) a period of 3 months from the last appearance of the applicable identifier in our systems.
How We Share Information:
We share information with:
Other advertising partners
– We share Ad Network Information for the purpose of allowing the advertising companies listed
here
to bid on ad inventory.
Our corporate affiliates
– for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
App developers
– for the purposes of attribution and whitelisting/blacklisting, and reporting, as stated above.
Service providers
–for the purpose of receiving services such as fraud detection and prevention, viewability measurement, reporting, and storage.
Viewability measurement
– Please note that certain versions of our SDK may include software libraries that allow advertisers to verify if their ads were actually viewed.
We may also disclose information if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our agreements and policies, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) investigate, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues; (iv) to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; (v) prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party; (vi) for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights; or (vii) when we are undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
How to Control Information:
Collection of device data
– Updated versions of iOS, and Android, enable you to control how apps can collect the Advertising ID. please follow the below instructions:
iOS devices (iOS 14+): go to Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Allow Apps to Request to Track. Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
Android devices: Please follow the instructions set forth at:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/1660762
(under Mobile Controls). Please note that if you use more than one device, you need to opt-out separately in each device.
The GDPR Angle:
Withdraw consent
–
You have the right to withdraw the consent you provided to us for sharing Ad Network Information with third party advertising companies. You can withdraw your consent from within the app you provided to us the consent (this will affect only our processing within this specific app), or by following the instructions above on how to control collection of device data (this will affect our processing of data of all apps on your device).
Data subject rights
– Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. To submit a request for exercising your rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
For other data subject requests, please send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Please note that we will process your request subject to verification, and authentication of your identity.
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Complaint to supervisory authority
– You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where ironSource has not addressed your concerns.
Children
If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, you may contact us at
DPO@unity3d.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to delete the information from our records.
The GDPR Angle:
We do not collect or otherwise process personal data from individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland whom we know to be under the applicable age stated in the different implementations of the GDPR, except to comply with law or to support our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our app developers partners as described above.
International Transfers
We store information that we collect from a device on our Amazon Web Services servers in the United States. Accordingly, please note that if you do not live in the United States, we will transfer your information to and store it in, the United States.
The GDPR Angle:
ironSource Mobile Ltd. is based in Israel, which is considered by the European Commission to be offering an adequate level of protection for the Personal Information of EU Member State residents.
We will transfer personal data to third parties located outside of the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland based on standard contractual clauses.
State Privacy Rights:
California, Virginia, Connecticut, Colarado and Utah residents have certain rights under state privacy laws with respect to personal data we collect.  If you are a resident of such states, this section of the privacy policy contains disclosures required by law and explains rights that may be available to you.
This section applies only to personal data that is subject to the state laws noted above.
In many cases, we act as a service provider or processor to collect personal data from, or on behalf of, customers who use our services. These customers have their own privacy policies that describe how they use information. To the extent that we are processing personal data subject to state privacy laws on behalf of a customer in our role as a service provider or processor, you should reach out to that customer directly to exercise your rights under state privacy laws.
The remainder of this section provides disclosures for users for cases where we are not acting as a service provider or processor to a customer, typically for our Ad Network.
Personal Data We Collect and Disclose
: In the past 12 months, we have collected, sold (including sharing for targeted advertising), and disclosed for business purposes the following categories of personal data. We do not knowingly sell, nor do we share or process for targeted advertising purposes, personal data about consumers under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal InformationData
Disclosed for business purposes to the following categories of third parties:
Sold to the following categories of third parties (including sharing for targeted advertising purposes):
Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, or unique online identifiers)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Commercial or transactions information (like records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered)
See “How We Share Information” Section
Not sold.
Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Geolocation information
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above
See the “How We Share Information” Section
All categories listed below.
Categories of Sources
– As described in the “About Us” section above, we collect personal data from the following categories of sources:
Directly through our SDKs integrated by app developers in their apps.
Other third-party mediation platforms.
Advertising partners.
Our Purposes for Processing Personal Data
– We use and disclose the personal data we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use the Information We Collect” and the “How We Share Information” Sections.
Recipients of Personal Data
– Although we do not sell personal data for monetary consideration, we do sell personal data, including sharing for targeted advertising purposes, subject to users’ choices communicated to us by app developers, to the categories of third parties listed below:
Advertising/marketing companies;
App developers; and
Your Rights Regarding Personal Data
– Residents of certain states have rights with respect to the personal data collected by businesses like ironSource.  You may be able to exercise the following rights regarding your personal data, subject to certain exceptions and limitations:
The
right to confirm
whether we are processing personal data about you.
The
right to correct inaccuracies
in the personal data we have collected about you.
The
right to know
the categories and specific pieces of personal data we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal data, our purposes for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of your personal data that we have either sold (including shared for targeted advertising purposes) or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have disclosed personal data.
The right to request that we
delete the personal data
we have collected from you or maintain about you.
The right to
opt out of our sale of your personal data and our processing (including sharing) for targeted advertising purposes
. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.
The right
not to receive discriminatory treatment
for the exercise of the above privacy rights.
While some states provide residents with rights related to “sensitive” personal data,  ironSource does not collect this type of personal data.
Exercise your rights
– To exercise any of the above rights, please use one of the following ways:
You can submit a request to access, or to delete the personal data collected about your device through the form available in the privacy policy accessible via the ironSource ad unit.
Alternatively, you may send an email with your request to the following address: DPO@unity3d.com
Depending on your state, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by replying to our response to your request, or by contacting us at DPO@unity3d.com
If you exercise your rights to delete, or access your personal data, we will also automatically share your request with Unity, our corporate affiliate, which will process your request separately. For exercising other rights with respect to Unity, please refer to its
privacy policy.
Verification Process and Required Information
– Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or process your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. We will require you to provide, at a minimum, your email address and state of residence. We will also collect information that identifies your device when you submit a request, in order to help verify your identity.
Authorized Agent
– You may designate an authorized agent to make a CCPA request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make the request on your behalf.
Information about California resident requests in 2022 –
As required by California law, ironSource has provided the following information about requests it received from California residents in 2022.
Request type
Requests received
Requests complied with
Requests denied
Mean number of days for response
Request to know
1128
684
444
9 days
Request to delete
2431
2364
67
1.94 days
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
We may revise this privacy policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our processing of information and is posted at https://developers.is.com/ironsource-mobile/air/ironsource-mobile-privacy-policy/. If we make a change to this policy we will post the revised privacy policy to this page.
Contact Us:
ironSource Mobile Ltd., located at 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel, is the organization responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at DPO@unity3d.com
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in your emails to us.
You can also contact us as follows:
DPO@unity3d.com
ironSource Mobile Ltd., 121 Menachem Begin Rd., Tel Aviv, Israel
(Israel contact)
Unity Technologies, 30 3rd Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 (United States contact)
Unity Technologies ApS, Niels Hemmingsens Gade 24, 1153 Copenhagen, Denmark (European Union contact)
Unity Technologies, GINZA SIX 8F, 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Japan 104-0061 (Japan Contact)
About Us
Scope:
Information We Collect:
How We Use the Information We Collect:
How We Share Information:
How to Control Information:
Children
International Transfers
State Privacy Rights:
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Contact Us:
Notifications
Sub-policy 8
http://www.mopub.com/legal/privacy/:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Take your monetization
to the next level
Maximize revenue, reduce costs, and save time with MAX
Start earning more
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
MAXIMIZE REVENUE
Unified Auction
Ad Formats
360° Growth
ANALYZE & OPTIMIZE
Reporting Tools
A/B Testing
SAVE TIME
Mediation Management
Developer Tools
PROTECT YOUR BRAND
Ad Review
User Journey
Creative Debugger
Increase ad revenue
Earn more for your ad inventory with an integrated 360º approach
Unified Auction
Drive the highest yield for your app real estate
Choose the mediation platform with the most competitive demand: 25+ SDK networks, 20+ in-app bidders, premium and diversified DSPs through the AppLovin Exchange, and custom options for anyone else you work with.
AD FORMATS
Expand your revenue opportunities
Leverage all major ad formats for more ways to drive in-app ad revenue, as well as innovative ad placements like app open and lock screen ads.
Native
Interstitial
Rewarded
Playable
Rich Media
MREC
Banner
Display
360° Growth
Scale your ad revenue with more active users
MAX makes it easy to reinvest your revenues and learned insights into user acquisition with AppLovin’s growth engine, AppDiscovery, to unlock self-perpetuating growth.
Optimize your ad revenue strategy
Make smarter decisions with full transparency into your ad revenue data
REPORTING TOOLS
MAX’s suite of reporting tools gives actionable insights on demand
Measure performance across your entire monetization strategy
Gain insights and identify opportunities to improve yield all within a single, comprehensive, customizable dashboard or downloadable report.
Ad Inventory
Track ad performance, overall revenue, and integration health.
Network
Monitor bidding performance and the ability to fill and serve ads.
Waterfall
Analyze impact of waterfall configurations and segmentation on revenue.
Validate revenue data across MAX and partner networks
Monitor and detect discrepancies between ad sources early to protect your revenue. Compare metrics including:
CPMs
Impressions
Revenue
Understand the entire user lifecycle to optimize LTV
Measure the impact of ad settings on metrics such as user retention, engagement, and revenue per install over time for a group of users who installed an app on the same day.
Get insights into user engagement
View daily analytics on your app’s performance, including number of daily active users in your app, ARPDAU, and the average number of impressions users are seeing. Plus, filter reports by ad format to understand the impact of optimizations.
Access granular data for more accurate ROAS and user LTV calculations
Remove blind spots and better optimize paid user acquisition campaigns with user and impression-level data handed off to your MMP or BI tool of choice.
A/B Testing
Test your entire monetization strategy
Easily set up A/B tests to identify opportunities for driving incremental ad revenue. Test changes to:
Demand partners
Waterfall configurations
Price points
Ad frequency
Refresh rates
User segments
Spend less time on setup and management
Get started quickly and automate processes for revenue optimization
Mediation Management Tools
Modernize traditional waterfalls with automation
Update network CPMs daily without lifting a finger
Ensure fairer competition from non-bidding networks.
Put your CPMs on autopilot
Reduce the need for regular updates, and minimize opportunities for error.
Capture more revenue with better price setting
Leverage historical data to power smart CPM adjustments.
Spend less time on waterfall creation and ad unit management
Manage your setup through the MAX UI or your own BI tool.
Easy Cloning
Speed up waterfall creation by cloning ones that already exist.
Ad Unit Management API
Create ad units, build and update waterfalls, and launch A/B tests via your own platform or BI tool.
Developer Tools
Monetize your apps without disrupting your workflow
Launch your apps confidently
MAX’s testing tools reduce post-launch frustration.
Test Mode
Provide reliable network fill for your test devices.
Mediation Debugger
Verify and troubleshoot your integrated ad networks.
Develop what you want, how you want
MAX provides unmatched support for multiple platforms and development engines.
Supported Platforms
Android
iOS
FireOS
Supported Development Engines
Unity
Adobe AIR
Cordova
React
Unreal
Flutter
Godot
Defold
Unity Integration Manager
Quickly get started monetizing your Unity app with a plugin that integrates the AppLovin SDK and network adapters automatically.
Ensure brand safety
Protect your revenue by ensuring quality in all aspects of your app experience — including which ads users see.
Ad Review
Gain control over ad visibility
Monitor ads running in your app and automatically identify risky or competitive content for easy bad ad reporting.
Detect
Automatically flag risky content and competitor ads based on custom rules and filters.
View
View and filter flagged ads by network, format, content rating, advertiser, rule, and more.
Report
Easily report problematic ads within the dashboard.
Compete
Inform your user acquisition efforts with intel into the latest ad concepts in your app category.
User Journey
Support your support teams — quickly find ads reported by users
View all the ads seen by a user to easily locate problematic ads that could cause churn, and report them directly from the dashboard. Plus, eliminate the need to blindly block ads or networks that may not actually be problematic.
Creative Debugger
Access comprehensive ad information on demand
Use a simple gesture to reveal ad information such as the name of the network, the creative ID, and more, and automatically generate reports for problematic ads.
Here’s what our developers are saying
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
“
Implementing MAX not only increased our product revenue, but it saved us a lot of operational costs, which allowed our team to refocus their energy on creating great games.
Yudai Hatasa
Producer, KAYAC
“
We are already seeing
incredible lift and increases in revenue
across our top titles, which allows us to invest more in user acquisition.
Dmitry Shelengovskiy
CEO, Playgendary
“
AppLovin made it easy to migrate to MAX and we saw immediate improvements by switching, including a 30% ARPDAU lift on iOS. We were surprised to achieve this much of an improvement without additional optimizations. And even after, the AppLovin team continued to help us with additional tools, integrations, and testing, which drove our total revenue even higher.
Ivan Dama
CEO, IdeaSolutions
Take your mobile monetization to the MAX
Start earning more
Sub-policy 9
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update?ref=old_policy:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 10
http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/:
Privacy & Terms
Sub-policy 11
https://www.applovin.com/privacy:
Products
Axon
AI-powered recommendation engine
AppDiscovery
Acquire your ideal users
MAX
Monetize your app
SparkLabs
Create ads that perform
AppLovin Exchange
Reach your audience
Array
Increase value across customer’s lifecycle
Adjust
Measure your marketing
Wurl
Our streaming TV solution
Solutions
Increase ARPDAU
Grow Ad Inventory
Acquire App Users
Increase IAPs
Resources
Success Stories
Blog
Video Library
Guides and Reports
Glossary
Events
View all resources
More about us
Partners
Jobs
NEW
Press
About Us
Sign Up
Sign In
ENG
中文
日本語
한국어
Privacy Policy
Overview
Policies
Privacy Policy
隐私政策
Datenschutzerklärung
プライバシーポリシー
개인정보 보호 정책
Política de Privacidade
Politique de confidentialité
AppLovin Partners
AppLovin Policies for Publishers
AppLovin Policies for Demand Partners
AppLovin Array Privacy Policy
Terms
Terms of Use
使用协议条款
Vereinbarung über die Nutzungsbedingungen
利用規約
이용 약관 계약
Contrato de Termos de Uso
Accord sur les Conditions d’utilisation
DMCA Notice
End User License Agreement — Software
AppLovin Array Terms of Service
APPLOVIN PLATFORM DATA PROCESSING AGREEMENT
AppLovin Demand Partner Data Processing Agreement
Effective Date
: October 30, 2024
You can find the prior version
here
.
AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) operates a suite of tools for app developers and other businesses to automate and optimize the marketing and monetization of their platforms, products, or services by enabling the placement of different types of advertisements on digital properties including mobile apps, websites, and connected TV devices (collectively, the “Advertising Services” or “Services”).  As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers.
The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our Services and advertising platform, and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information.
Contents
Our Advertising Services
Our Website
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Our Advertising Services
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services.
General Information Collection and Use
If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served within a digital property, we may collect certain information, including the following:
Device, App, and Browser Data
Device make, model, and operating system;
Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;
Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, and theme;
Carrier;
Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;
Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);
Network connection type and speed;
IP Address;
Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;
HTTP header information;
Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);
Vendor IDs (IDFV);
App Set IDs; and
Advertising and tracking preferences and restrictions.
Application publishers may choose to share with us additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number, and interest segments for purposes of their own direct ad serving.  We do not retain this data or pass it downstream to advertising partners.  Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data.
Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party service provider on behalf of such advertiser) may also share transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations.
Information Collection and Use Specific
to
e-Commerce Ads Only
If you are a consumer who interacts with the Services through an e-commerce platform or a merchant website, we may collect certain additional information (that you provided to the e-commerce platform or merchant, through a third party’s API, our SDK, pixel, or other similar technologies), including the following:
User IDs;
Shopping browsing behavior (e.g., views) and search history;
Records of products purchased or considered (e.g., added to cart, check out);
Purchasing histories; and
Information regarding user interactions with advertising partners and their merchant partners’ sites and advertisements.
How We Collect Your Information
This information may be collected automatically across mobile apps and devices or received from third-parties across different technologies over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We generally use the information we collect to:
Deliver the Services, maintain, and improve them, including our AI-powered advertising technology, and research and develop new ones;
Promote safety, security, and integrity of Services;
Provide measurement, analytics, and reporting; and
Comply with legal and regulatory obligations.
We use AI-powered advertising technology (sometimes referred to as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our advertising products and Services and serve ads that are relevant and interesting to you. We use it in ways that do not produce legal or similarly significant effects on you (for example, by reordering how advertisements might appear when you visit a digital property such as a mobile app or a website).
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts:
Service Providers.
We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.
Affiliates.
We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Partners.
We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, merchants, other advertising partners (who aggregate their own demand sources), and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, show advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.
Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data
here
, current as of the date listed at the top of that page.
If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the
“Manage Your Privacy Choices”
section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the
“Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals”
section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
” section below for more options.
Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies.
Regulatory or Legal Requirements.
We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes, or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.
Safety and Terms Enforcement.
We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties.
Business Transfers.
We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.
Manage Your Privacy Choices:
To limit collection of information from mobile devices, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track” or other similar features on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see
How AppLovin Shows You Ads
. You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI (
https://optout.networkadvertising.org/
) or DAA (
https://optout.aboutads.info/
).  You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests.
To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores:
By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application in which an AppLovin-served advertisement appeared may be designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children in violation of our policies, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF ADVERTISING SERVICES-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Our Website
This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website.
Cookies and Other Similar Technology
The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information for various purposes, including interest-based advertising. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. Additionally, you may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again.
We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit
here
. To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit
here
and follow the instructions.
Additional Information Collection for Business Account Owners
When you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including:
To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;
To operate and improve the Website and our Services;
To customize the Website;
For analytics and research;
For marketing purposes; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Information Sharing
We may share information we collect through the Website in the following contexts:
With your consent;
For advertising and marketing purposes;
In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To protect our rights and the rights of others;
With our affiliates;
With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;
As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; and
For purposes disclosed at the time of collection.
Links to Other Websites
The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit.
Updating Information
You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the
“Contact Us”
section below.
Your Marketing Choices
If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us or by emailing us at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Children
Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Data Security and Retention
We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store.
For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more.
We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
[END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
Additional Provisions for EU/UK/Swiss Individuals
If you are located in the European Union, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, the following additional provisions apply to you.
Data Privacy Framework
AppLovin complies with the EU-U.S Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.
AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  AppLovin has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.
If you are an EU, UK, or Swiss individual, where we transfer your personal data to third party servicer providers (see above) who perform services for us or on our behalf, we are responsible for the processing of that data by them and shall remain liable if they process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, AppLovin commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact AppLovin at
dataprotection@applovin.com
. AppLovin refers unresolved complaints to TRUSTe, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States.  If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
for more information or to file a complaint.  These dispute resolution services are provided at no cost to you.
For complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the other DPF mechanisms, you have the possibility, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration. Further information can be found on the official DPF website.
Lawful Basis for Processing
On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services.
On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party.
Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights.
If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time.
If personal data covered by this Privacy Policy is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which the personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party in a manner not specified in this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. Requests to opt out of such uses or disclosures of personal data should be sent to us as specified in the “Contact” section below. Certain personal data, such as information about medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, is considered “Sensitive Information”. AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit “Sensitive Information”.
For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information.
Your Rights
If you are an individual in the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you are able:
To request access to the personal data we hold about you;
To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;
To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;
Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and
Where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data.
To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the
“Contact Us”
section below.  Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address.  Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.
In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf.  If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests.  In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf.
Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence.
EU and UK Privacy Representatives
We have appointed
Prighter Group
as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK.  You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses:
For residents of the EU
:
PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG
c/o AppLovin Corporation
Kriegerstraße 44
30161 Hannover
Germany
For residents of the UK
:
PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd.
c/o AppLovin Corporation
20 Mortlake Mortlake High Street
London, SW14 8JN
United Kingdom
Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link:
https://prighter.com/q/19826057144
.
[END OF EU/UK/SWISS SPECIFIC PROVISIONS]
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our
U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice
, which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights.
Policy Changes
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at:
Data Protection Officer
AppLovin Corporation
1100 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at
dataprotection@applovin.com
.
Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us.  This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
If you have a customer care issue, please visit
AppLovin Support
.
Sub-policy 13
https://ad.oceanengine.com/union/media/privacy:
当前为您展示的内容为穿山甲中国大陆区产品及服务，根据您所在的地区，建议您访问穿山甲官方网站国际版，以获得更适用于您所在地区的产品信息与业务资讯。
前往 Pangle官网
我知道了
首页
/
协议条款
/
隐私政策
穿山甲广告SDK隐私政策
服务条款
穿山甲广告SDK隐私政策
更新日期：2024年12月25日
生效日期：2025年01月01日
作为穿山甲广告SDK产品/服务的提供方，北京巨量引擎网络技术有限公司及其关联方（以下简称“我们”）高度重视个人信息的保护。穿山甲广告SDK为开发者提供广告投放及效果优化服务
，
本隐私政策所称之穿山甲广告SDK产品和/或服务，以下统称“本服务”。 在最终用户（以下简称“您”）使用开发者开发和/或运营的网站或应用软件（包括APP、小程序、快应用、网页等，以下简称“开发者应用”）时，如果开发者集成了本服务后，我们将通过开发者应用向您提供相关功能和服务，我们深知按照本隐私政策及法律法规的规定处理您的个人信息，保护您的个人信息及隐私安全。
特别声明：
本隐私政策不能替代开发者应用的隐私政策。 开发者应就其应用收集处理个人信息的情况向您披露隐私政策，以向您声明其如何收集、处理及保护您的个人信息。 如果您寻求行使个人信息主体权利，请与相应开发者进行联系。
您通过开发者应用所使用的本服务，由开发者根据其应用所需自行选择配置，并可能因为您所使用的开发者应用版本不同而有所差异。如果开发者应用版本中不包括我们的某些功能或服务，则本隐私政策中涉及前述功能和服务及相关个人信息的处理内容将不适用。
开发者在接入穿山甲广告SDK前应详细阅读并同意遵守本隐私政策、
《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》
和
《开发者个人信息保护合规指引》
内容，并根据合规说明内容进行相关合规配置。
请开发者在接入穿山甲广告SDK前，务必仔细阅读本隐私政策，特别是以加粗提示的条款应重点阅读，并确认已经充分理解本隐私政策的内容，按照本隐私政策，作出认为适当的选择。同时，开发者应向您告知开发者应用集成穿山甲广告SDK的情况，包括穿山甲广告SDK名称、主体名称、处理个人信息种类及目的、本隐私政策链接等内容，以便于您了解相关内容并获取您的同意。一旦您接受或使用穿山甲广告SDK提供的服务，即表示您已充分理解并同意本政策。除非另有说明，如果开发者或您不同意本隐私政策或其更新，开发者或您应立即停止接入和/或使用本服务。
本《隐私政策》将帮助您了解以下内容：
我们希望通过本《隐私政策》向您清晰、准确且完整地说明，您在使用集成了穿山甲广告SDK的开发者应用时，我们如何采集、处理和保护您的个人信息。
一、我们如何收集和使用个人信息
二、我们如何存储个人信息
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方以及转移、公开个人信息
四、管理个人信息
五、我们如何保护个人信息安全
六、未成年人保护条款
七、隐私政策的查阅和修订
八、联系我们
九、其他
一、我们如何收集和使用个人信息
在您使用穿山甲广告SDK提供的服务过程中，我们将根据合法、正当、必要的原则收集信息。
1、穿山甲广告SDK的功能介绍
（1）基本功能：穿山甲广告SDK的基本业务功能为在开发者应用中进行广告投放活动，包括广告展示、监测、归因及投放效果分析与优化。
（2）扩展功能：穿山甲广告SDK的扩展业务功能主要为提供个性化推荐服务，关于扩展功能的配置方式详见
《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》。
2、个人信息的采集
如您使用集成穿山甲广告SDK的开发者应用，穿山甲广告SDK会通过开发者应用采集下列信息并申请相应权限。开发者应向您告知穿山甲广告SDK名称、主体名称、处理个人信息种类及目的、隐私政策等内容，取得您的同意后方可使用穿山甲广告SDK开展相关业务功能。由于不同SDK版本采集的信息字段与是否可选可能存在一定差异，具体采集情况以您实际使用的开发者应用所接入的SDK版本为准。
SDK名称
功能描述
个人信息类型
个人信息字段
用途和目的
穿山甲广告SDK
广告投放合作
设备信息
必选信息
：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】设备品牌、型号、软件系统版本、屏幕密度、屏幕分辨率、设备语言、设备时区、sim卡信息（mcc&mnc）、CPU信息、可用存储空间大小等基础信息
【Android】AndroidID、OAID
【iOS】手机系统重启时间、磁盘总空间、系统总内存空间、IDFV
【HarmonyOS】ODID
可选信息：
【Android+iOS】设备MAC地址（如为iOS端，则仅适用于IOS3200以下版本）
【Android】设备标识符（如IMEI、IMSI、ICCID、GAID（仅GMS服务）、MEID、硬件序列号build_serial，具体字段因软硬件版本不同而存在差异）
【iOS】设备标识符（如IDFA，具体字段因软硬件版本不同而存在差异）
【HarmonyOS】OAID
广告投放及广告反作弊。
其中，IMEI、IDFA、AndroidID、OAID、设备的MAC地址、设备型号还会用于广告监测归因。
网络信息
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】运营商信息、Wi-Fi状态、网络信号强度
保证网络服务有效性及稳定性。
其中，运营商信息、Wi-Fi状态还会用于广告投放。
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】IP地址
广告投放、广告监测归因、广告反作弊
应用信息
必选信息：
【Android+HarmonyOS】应用包名、运行中的进程信息、版本号、应用前后台状态
可选信息：
【Android】软件列表信息
广告投放、广告反作弊
传感器信息
可选信息：
【Android】线性加速度传感器、磁场传感器、旋转矢量传感器
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】加速度传感器、陀螺仪传感器
摇一摇、扭一扭等广告投放、广告反作弊
广告信息
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】对广告的展示、点击及转化等交互数据
广告监测归因、广告投放统计分析、广告反作弊
位置信息
可选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】精确位置信息、粗略位置信息（WiFi列表、WLAN接入点（如SSID，BSSID）、基站）
广告定向投放及广告反作弊。
性能数据
必选信息：
【Android+iOS+HarmonyOS】如崩溃数据、性能数据
减少App崩溃、提供稳定可靠的服务
特别提示您注意，我们不会要求您主动提交个人信息。我们采集的信息不能单独识别特定自然人的身份，并且基于本SDK的技术特性，其在运行过程客观上无法获取任何能够单独识别特定自然人身份的信息。
我们可能会对穿山甲广告SDK的功能和提供的服务有所调整变化，但请您知悉并了解，未经开发者主动集成或同意，我们不会自行变更开发者已设置的各项业务功能及个人信息配置状态。根据开发者所集成的SDK版本不同，本服务功能及个人信息处理情况存在差异。当您使用集成了本服务的开发者应用时，建议您仔细阅读并理解开发者所提供的隐私政策，以便做出适当的选择。
3、权限申请
您可以查阅
《穿山甲广告SDK应用权限申请与使用情况说明》
，以了解穿山甲广告SDK申请和使用系统权限的情况。
4、提供个性化推荐服务
为了展示、推荐相关性更高的信息，提供更契合您的服务，穿山甲广告SDK会收集、使用您的个人信息并通过计算机算法模型自动计算、预测您的偏好，以匹配您可能感兴趣的信息或服务，以下我们将详细说明该个性化推荐服务的运行机制以及您实现控制的方式。
a) 个性化推荐服务的适用范围：我们提供个性化推荐服务的范围包括但不限于投放广告，展示图文或视频/直播内容，推荐商品或者服务。
b) 个性化推荐服务收集的字段：为了提供个性化的服务，我们可能会收集、使用您的设备信息（包括硬件型号、操作系统版本、设备标识符（IMEI、IMSI、MAC地址、OAID、MEID、AndroidID、IDFA、IDFV）、您的操作信息（包括广告浏览、点击、转化等相关操作记录）、应用程序的总体安装使用情况以及经您授权由其他合作方提供的其他信息。系统会对上述信息进行自动分析和计算，预测您的偏好特征，根据计算结果提供个性化推荐广告和服务。
c) 个性化推荐服务的训练和干预：我们会根据您在使用过程中的浏览相关行为对推荐模型进行实时训练和反馈，不断调整优化推荐结果。为了满足您的多元需求，避免同类型内容过于集中，我们会综合运用多样化技术对内容进行自动化处理，更好地提供优质内容和服务。
请您理解，由于我们与您并无直接交互对话界面，如您希望退出个性化广告推荐功能，您可以在开发者应用内关闭。我们已向开发者提供退出个性化广告推荐服务的接口，并要求开发者确保在您选择关闭时调用该接口，以确保个性化广告推荐服务真实退出。
请开发者注意，如果您向最终用户提供穿山甲广告SDK提供的个性化广告推荐功能，您应在APP隐私政策中向最终用户告知相应的功能，详细查阅《穿山甲广告SDK合规使用说明》并根据我们提供配置方式进行相应配置，确保在最终用户选择关闭个性化广告推荐功能时调用相关接口，停止向最终用户继续提供个性化推荐广告。
5、其他用途
我们可能会对您提供或我们收集的信息进行去标识化地研究、统计分析和预测，用于改善和提升穿山甲SDK的服务，为营销决策提供产品或技术服务支撑。
我们还可能为了履行服务内容而收集您的其他信息，例如您与我们的客户服务团队联系时提供的相关信息。
6、征得授权同意的例外
请您理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及相关国家标准，我们收集和使用您的个人信息不必事先征得您的授权同意：
a.与我们履行法律法规规定的义务相关的；
b.与国家安全、国防安全直接相关的；
c.与公共安全、公共卫生、重大公共利益直接相关的；
d.与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的；
e.出于维护您或他人的生命、财产等重大合法权益但又很难得到本人授权同意的；
f.您自行向社会公众公开的个人信息；
g.根据个人信息主体要求签订和履行合同所必需的；
h.从合法公开披露的信息中收集的您的个人信息的，如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道；
i.用于维护软件及相关服务的安全稳定运行所必需的，例如发现、处置软件及相关服务的故障；
j.为开展合法的新闻报道所必需的；
k.为学术研究机构，基于公共利益开展统计或学术研究所必要，且对外提供学术研究或描述的结果时，对结果中所包含的个人信息进行去标识化处理的；
l.法律法规规定的其他情形。
特别说明：根据法律规定，如信息无法单独或结合其他信息识别到特定个人的，其不属于个人信息。当信息可以单独或结合其他信息识别到您时，或我们把没有与任何特定个人建立联系的数据与您的个人信息结合使用时，我们会将其作为您的个人信息，按照本隐私政策进行处理与保护。
二、我们如何存储个人信息
我们非常重视信息安全，并遵循严格的安全标准，使用符合业界标准的安全保护措施保护您提供的信息，采用各种合理的技术、运营和管理方面的安全措施来保护我们所采集的信息的安全。防止信息遭到未经授权的访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏或丢失。
（一）信息存储的地点
我们依照法律法规的规定，将在中华人民共和国境内运营过程中收集和产生的个人信息存储于境内。我们不会将上述信息传输至境外，如果开发者将您的个人信息传输至境外，开发者应履行数据出境相关的合规义务，向最终用户告知境外接收方的名称或者姓名、联系方式、处理目的、处理方式、个人信息的种类以及个人向境外接收方行使本法规定权利的方式和程序以及其他法律要求事项, 并应征得最终用户的单独同意，履行法律法规规定的评估程序，并满足法律法规所规定的其他条件。
（二）存储期限
我们仅在为开发者提供服务之目的所必需的期间内保留您的信息。超出与开发者约定的存储期限后，或者接到开发者的相应指令后，我们将对您的个人信息进行删除或匿名化处理，但法律法规另有规定的除外。
三、数据使用过程中涉及的合作方以及转移、公开个人信息
（一）数据使用过程中涉及的合作方
1、基本原则
a.合法原则：
与合作方合作过程中涉及数据使用活动的，必须具有合法目的、符合法定的合法性基础。如果合作方使用信息不再符合合法原则，则其不应再使用您的个人信息，或在获得相应合法性基础后再行使用。
b.正当与最小必要原则：
数据使用必须具有正当目的，且应以达成目的必要为限。
c.安全审慎原则：
我们将审慎评估合作方使用数据的目的，对这些合作方的安全保障能力进行综合评估，并要求其遵循合作法律协议。我们会对合作方获取信息的软件工具开发包（SDK）、应用程序接口（API）进行严格的安全监测，以保护数据安全。
2.委托处理
对于受托处理个人信息的场景，我们会与委托方根据法律规定签署相关协议并约定各自的权利和义务，确保在使用相关个人信息的过程中遵守法律的相关规定、保护数据安全。非经开发者同意，我们不会对您的信息进行转委托处理。我们仅按照开发者的委托和指示处理您的个人信息，并接受开发者与您对个人信息使用活动的监督。
3.共同处理
对于共同处理个人信息的场景，我们会与合作方根据法律规定签署相关协议并约定各自的权利和义务，确保在使用相关个人信息的过程中遵守法律的相关规定，保护数据安全。
4. 合作方的范围
若具体功能和场景中涉及由我们的关联方、第三方提供服务，则合作方范围包括我们的关联方与第三方。穿山甲广告SDK为实现特定功能需要，可能会接入由合作方提供的SDK以共同为您服务，穿山甲接入的合作方及其个人信息处理情况请详细查阅
《穿山甲广告SDK第三方信息共享清单》
。
（二）合作的场景
1、为实现相关功能或服务与关联方共享
当您在使用穿山甲广告SDK及其关联方产品服务期间，为保障您在我们及关联方提供的产品间所接受服务的一致性，并方便统一管理您的信息，我们会将您去标识化后的个人信息与这些关联方共享。
2、我们可能会与广告合作方共享信息
我们可能与委托我们进行推广和广告投放的合作伙伴和其他合作伙伴如广告主、代理商、广告监测服务商、进行广告投放与优化合作的关联方等（合称“广告合作方”）共享分析去标识化或匿名化处理的设备信息（IMEI、IDFA、OAID、AndroidID、MAC地址 ）、统计信息、标签信息或其他由穿山甲广告SDK所采集的必要信息。这些信息难以或无法与您的真实身份相关联。这些信息将帮助我们分析、衡量、优化广告和相关服务的有效性，提升广告有效触达率。
a) 广告推送与投放：进行推送/推广和广告投放或提供相关服务的广告合作方可能需要使用您的设备信息、网络信息、渠道信息以及标签信息；与广告主合作的广告推送/推广、投放/分析服务的广告合作方可能需要使用前述信息，以实现广告投放、优化与提升广告有效触达率。
b) 广告统计分析：提供广告统计分析服务的广告合作方可能需要使用您的设备、网络、广告点击、浏览、展示以及广告转化数据等信息用于分析、衡量、优化广告和相关服务的有效性。
c) 广告合作方对信息的使用：广告合作方可能将上述信息与其合法获取的其他数据相结合，以优化广告投放效果，我们会要求其对信息的使用遵循合法、正当、必要原则，保障您合法权利不受侵犯。
d) 广告留资信息：您在广告中主动填写、提交的联系方式、地址等相关信息，可能被广告主或其委托的合作方收集并使用。
3、实现安全与统计分析
3.1 保障使用安全：
我们非常重视产品和服务的安全性，为保障使用您的正当合法权益免受不法侵害，我们的合作方可能会使用必要的设备、帐号及日志信息。
3.2 分析产品情况：
为分析穿山甲广告SDK服务的稳定性，提供分析服务的合作方可能需要使用服务情况（崩溃、闪退记录）、设备标识信息、应用总体安装使用情况等信息。
3.3
学术科研
：为提升相关领域的科研能力，促进科技发展水平，我们在确保数据安全与目的正当的前提下，可能会与合作的科研院所、高校等机构使用去标识化或匿名化的数据。
（三）运营主体变更
随着业务的持续发展，我们将有可能进行合并、收购、资产转让，您的个人信息有可能因此而被转移。在发生前述变更时，我们将按照法律法规及不低于本隐私政策所载明的安全标准要求继受方保护您的个人信息，继受方变更原先的处理目的、处理方式的，我们将要求继受方重新征得您的授权同意。
（四）公开
我们不会主动公开您未自行公开的信息，除非遵循国家法律法规规定或者获得您的同意。
（五）依法豁免征得授权同意的情形
请理解，在下列情形中，根据法律法规及国家标准，合作方使用或我们转移、公开您的个人信息无需征得您的授权同意：
a) 根据您的要求订立或履行合同所必需；
b) 为履行法定职责或者法定义务所必需，例如与国家安全、国防安全、与刑事侦查、起诉、审判和判决执行等直接相关的法定职责或者法定义务；
c) 为应对突发公共卫生事件，或者紧急情况下为保护自然人的生命健康和财产安全所必需；
d) 为公共利益实施新闻报道、舆论监督等行为，在合理的范围内处理个人信息；
e) 在合理的范围内处理您自行公开的个人信息，或者其他已经合法公开的个人信息（如合法的新闻报道、政府信息公开等渠道合法公开的个人信息）；
f) 法律法规规定的其他情形。
四、管理个人信息
（一）用户权利行使
我们非常重视您对个人信息管理的权利，包括查阅、复制、更正、补充、删除、撤回授权同意等权利，我们将尽全力帮助您管理您的个人信息，以使您有能力保障自身的隐私和信息安全。
您作为最终用户，请您知悉：由于您不是我们的直接用户，与我们并无直接的交互对话界面，为保障您的权利实现，我们已要求集成我方服务的开发者承诺，应为您提供便于操作的用户权利实现方式。请您知悉并理解，因开发者独立开发和运营其应用并与您直接发生交互，我们无法控制或全面掌握开发者应用中交互界面设计及其对个人信息权益的响应情况。
作为直接面向最终用户提供应用程序服务的开发者，在集成穿山甲广告SDK后为最终用户提供服务时：开发者应根据使用的开发者平台提供的功能设置，为最终用户提供并明确其个人信息管理的路径，并及时响应最终用户个人信息管理请求。
在开发者集成使用本服务过程中，如果最终用户提出管理其个人信息的请求，且开发者已确定该等请求涉及到本SDK产品处理的个人信息、需要我们协助处理时，开发者应当及时通过本隐私政策联系方式联系我们，并附上必要的最终用户请求的书面证明材料。我们将及时核验相关材料，并按照相关法律法规及本隐私政策， 为开发者响应最终用户的行权请求提供相应的支持与配合。
（二）停止运营
如果我们停止运营穿山甲广告SDK的服务，将及时停止继续收集您的个人信息。我们会向开发者发送通知并要求开发者以公告或其他适当的方式向您发送停止运营的告知，并对我们所持有的与已关停的产品或服务相关的个人信息进行删除。
五、我们如何保护个人信息安全
我们非常重视用户信息的安全，将努力采取合理的安全措施（包括技术方面和管理方面）来保护您的信息，防止您提供的信息被不当使用或未经授权的情况下被访问、公开披露、使用、修改、损坏、丢失或泄漏。
（一）安全技术措施
我们会使用不低于行业通行的加密技术、匿名化处理等合理可行的手段保护您的信息，并使用安全保护机制防止您的信息遭到恶意攻击。
（二）安全管理制度
我们会建立专门的安全部门、安全管理制度、数据安全流程保障您的信息安全。我们采取严格的数据使用和访问制度，确保只有授权人员才可访问您的信息，并适时对数据和技术进行安全审计。
我们会制定应急处理预案，并在发生用户信息安全事件时立即启动应急预案，努力阻止该等安全事件的影响和后果扩大。一旦发生用户信息安全事件（泄露、丢失等）后，我们将按照法律法规的要求，及时向您告知：安全事件的基本情况和可能的影响、我们已经采取或将要采取的处置措施、您可自主防范和降低风险的建议、对您的补救措施等。
我们将及时将事件相关情况以推送通知、邮件、信函、短信等形式告知您，难以逐一告知时，我们会采取合理、有效的方式发布公告。同时，我们还将按照相关监管部门要求，上报用户信息安全事件的处置情况。
（三）安全提示
尽管已经采取了上述合理有效措施，并已经遵守了相关法律规定要求的标准，但请您理解，由于技术的限制以及可能存在的各种恶意手段，在互联网行业，即便竭尽所能加强安全措施，也不可能始终保证信息百分之百的安全，我们将尽力确保您提供给我们的信息的安全性。您知悉并理解，您接入我们的服务所用的系统和通讯网络，有可能因我们可控范围外的因素而出现问题。因此，我们强烈建议您采取积极措施保护用户信息的安全，包括但不限于使用复杂密码、定期修改密码、不将自己的账号密码等信息透露给他人。
我们谨此特别提醒您，本隐私政策提供的用户信息保护措施仅适用于本服务。一旦您离开本服务相关页面，浏览或使用其他网站、产品、服务及内容资源，我们即没有能力及义务保护您在本服务之外的软件、网站提交的任何信息，无论您登录、浏览或使用上述软件、网站是否基于本服务的链接或引导。
六、未成年人保护条款
如开发者应用涉及处理不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，开发者应当向不满十四周岁未成年人的监护人详细告知处理未成年人个人信息的情况，并就该等处理事项获得未成年人监护人的授权同意，同时开发者还应当针对不满十四周岁未成年人制定专门的个人信息处理规则。
若您是不满十四周岁未成年人的监护人，如您发现存在未经您的授权而收集不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，或希望查阅、复制、更正、补充、删除、撤回同意所处理的不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，您可以联系SDK所接入的应用开发者，或通过本隐私政策中的联系方式与我们联系，我们将根据法律规定及时进行处理。如我们发现SDK所接入的应用开发者未获得未成年人监护人的授权同意而向我们传输不满十四周岁未成年人的个人信息，我们将主动删除。
七、隐私政策的查阅和修订
（一）为了提供更好的服务，穿山甲广告SD及相关服务将不时更新与变化，我们会适时对本隐私政策进行修订，这些修订构成本隐私政策的一部分。未经您明确同意，我们不会削减您依据当前生效的隐私政策所应享受的权利。
（二）本隐私政策更新后，我们会在官网隐私政策公示页面及其他相关页面公布更新版本，以便开发者与您及时了解本隐私政策的最新版本。我们会向开发者告知本隐私政策更新的内容，由开发者向您告知并取得您的授权同意。
八、联系我们
如果您对个人信息保护及本隐私政策的内容有任何疑问、意见或建议，您可选择通过如下方式联系我们：
a）登录【www.csjplatform.com-“联系我们” 】
b）您可以将问题发送邮件至 union_service@bytedance.com
我们将尽快审核您的问题或建议，并在十五个工作日内予以回复。
九、其他
本隐私政策适用于穿山甲广告SDK。 需要特别说明的是， 本政策不适用于其他第三方向您提供的服务，也不适用于我们提供的已另行独立设置隐私权政策的SDK产品或服务。
请您了解，本政策中所述的穿山甲广告SDK及相关服务可能会根据您所使用的设备型号、系统版本、软件应用程序版本、移动客户端等因素而有所不同。最终处理个人信息的情况以您使用的开发者应用所实际集成的穿山甲广告SDK版本为准。
联系我们
Hi，可以尝试点击一下模块和我们联系~
在线客服
智能客服 7*24小时在线
人工客服 工作日 10~12点/14~19点
Sub-policy 14
https://www.fyber.com/website-privacy-policy/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 15
http://vungle.com/privacy/:
This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy
If you decline, your information won’t be tracked when you visit this website. A single cookie will be used in your browser to remember your preference not to be tracked.
Cookies settings
Accept All
Decline All
Vungle
privacy
Last Updated:
December 17, 2019
Vungle, Inc. and its group companies (“
Vungle
“, “
we
” or “
us
“) respect your privacy. This privacy notice (“Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, use and share personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Notice covers personal information we collect:
when providing the Vungle Ad Services (see
Section 2
); and
when you visit one of our Websites, and in the usual course of our business, such as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities (see
Section 3
).
QUICK LINKS
We recommend that you read this Notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of this Notice which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections:
1. WHO WE ARE
(applicable to everyone)
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
(applicable to End Users)
2.1 What information do we collect?
2.2 How do we use your information?
2.3 How does Vungle use its technology to collect information?
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients
2.7 Minors and Children
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
(applicable to End Users and visitors to our Websites)
3.1 What information do we collect?
3.2 How do we use your information?
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
(applicable to everyone).
4.1 How do we share your information?
4.2 Your data protection rights
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
4.7 Data Retention
4.8 International Data Transfers
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice
4.10 Questions or complaints.
4.11 Changes to this Notice
4.12 Contact Us
We participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to cover data we process from the European Union (“EU”). For further information, please review our EU-U.S.
Privacy Shield Notice
1. WHO WE ARE
Vungle is an ad network providing a technology platform (“
Platform
”) for Clients that want to advertise and/or monetize their applications, games, and other products. Our “
Clients
” include “
Advertisers
” that wish to distribute ad content through the Vungle Platform, and “
Publishers
” of applications that want to display relevant ads to end users (“
End Users
“) of third party applications (“
apps
“) that use our SDKs, APIs, hosted video advertising platform and/or any of our related advertising tools (collectively, the “
Vungle Ad Services
“).
Advertising revenue helps keep many games and apps free, and Vungle works hard to ensure that our ads are interesting, relevant, and safe for End Users.
2. VUNGLE AD SERVICES
This Section describes how Vungle collects and uses information we receive from End Users (“
you
“) of apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
2.1 What information do we collect?
When you use an app supported by Vungle technology (see Section 2.3,
below
, our services can collect certain information about your mobile device. Some of this information (including for example, your IP address and certain unique identifiers), may identify a particular computer or device and may be “personal information” or “personal data” as defined under law in some jurisdictions (including in California and the EU, respectively) (hereinafter, collectively referred to as “
personal information
”). We collect this information the first time Vungle’s SDK is initialized on a Publisher Client’s app. Note, however, that Vungle’s Ad Services do not collect any information that that enables us to identify End Users personally (such as your name, address, or email address).
LEARN MORE
The information we collect includes:
Information about your device
, such as the type and model, manufacturer, operating system (e.g. iOS, Android, etc.), carrier name, time zone, network connection type (e.g., Wi-Fi, cellular), IP address, Vungle SDK version, information about the Publisher Client’s app currently active on your device (but not any other apps), and identifiers assigned to your device, such as its iOS Identifier for Advertising (IDFA), Android Advertising ID (AAID or GAID), or other unique device identifier (a number uniquely allocated to your device by your device manufacturer or Publisher Client’s app).
Information about your behavior on our Publisher Client’s app
, such as information about the activities or actions on those apps, and session start/stop time. Historic versions of Vungle technology may also collect geolocation information (e.g., latitude and longitude co-ordinates), but only (i) if the Publisher Client’s app has enabled location services on your device and (ii) you have granted the Publisher permission to collect this information). However, versions that are current as of the date of this Notice no longer collect geolocation information.
Information about ads served, viewed, or clicked on
, such as the type of ad, where the ad was served, whether you clicked on it, the number of times you have seen the ad, the number of Vungle ads viewed per session, and whether you visited the Advertiser’s website or relevant app store and/or purchased or installed the product or service advertised.
We may also combine and/or enhance the information we collect about your device, including the personal information, with information we may collect about your interactions with other ads served through Vungle’s Platform that you may view on other Publisher Client’s Apps, or with information collected from our Clients and third parties (such as data providers). This may include, for example, mobile device IDs, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on an app to help make the ads served to you more relevant while limiting your exposure to less relevant ads. We (or our third party partners) may also use this additional information to undertake “user matching,” which means that in addition to the ID an End User has been assigned in our system, we may also receive a list of unique IDs our external partners or Clients have assigned to an End User.
2.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information, including the personal information, we collect (sometimes in combination with information provided and sourced by independent validation partners) for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
Serving Ads:
To allow Publishers to offer advertising inventory in their apps, and Advertisers to bid on and display ads in that inventory.
Ad Reporting and Conversions:
: To allow Vungle to confirm with Advertisers information about when and how End Users have been exposed to their ads, clicked on their ads, or visited their website and to ensure accurate billing for advertising services rendered.
Frequency Capping:
Preventing End Users from seeing the same ad too many times.
Customizing Ads:
To customize and more effectively tailor the ads we display to you and to optimize the display of ads (including limiting your exposure to less relevant ads).
Performance Analytics and Optimization:
To analyze and optimize ad performance, such as tracking views of ads, implementing end user “whitelists” or “blacklists” (to ensure, in some cases, that certain ads are being viewed by appropriate audiences), as well as click-through rates to websites or app stores and/or installs of apps that have been advertised.
Fraud Detection and Prevention:
Identifying invalid clicks, installs, or ad queries, and protecting us and our Clients from fraudulent behavior.
Providing and Improving the Vungle Ad Services:
Auditing, researching, and analyzing data in order to provide, protect, and improve the Vungle Ad Services and to ensure that our technologies function properly.
2.3
How does Vungle use its technology to collect information
?
We use our technology (in some jurisdictions, such as the EU, these may be referred to as “tracking technologies”) to collect information automatically from your device to perform many of the functions described in “
How do we use your information?
” above. To opt out of our use of such technologies, please follow the instructions for opting out in the apps, as described in “
Opt-Out Choices
” below.
LEARN MORE
The standard tracking technologies we use include:
Mobile “SDKs” or “Software Development Kits” (including our own SDKs):
These are blocks of code that are embedded into an app allowing Vungle to collect certain information (as described in “
2.1 What information do we collect?
” above relating to your use of apps using our technology. The embedded code from Vungle’s SDK allows the app to “speak” with Vungle’s Platform for purposes of delivering ads.
Mobile device identifiers:
We also use standard device identifiers, for example the IDFA advertising identifier used on Apple’s iOS devices and the GAID advertising identifier used on Android devices, to monitor and improve the performance of the ads we show you.
Third-Party Ad Measurement URLs/Links:
Additionally, in providing the Vungle Ad Services to our Advertiser Clients, the Vungle ads may include URLs or links from the Advertiser Client’s chosen third-party measurement partner to collect information about your interaction with those ads. The information collected is used for ad delivery, reporting, and billing purposes and may also be used for performance optimization.
“Tags and Pixels”:
These are blocks of code that we and our Clients may use to monitor your interaction with apps using our technology. We may use these to synchronize information that we have collected with information independently collected by our Clients and other third party advertising platforms and advertisers that are interested in providing you with ads.
2.4 Your Opt-Out Choices.
You can opt out of having your information being used by Vungle for performance-based advertising by accessing your mobile device settings and following the most recent published instructions. If you limit ad tracking, you will still see advertisements (even ones sourced from Vungle’s network), but Vungle will no longer be able to use the personal information described above in
Section 2.1
to serve you with more relevant ads. In addition, the advertising identifier (along with any information collected about that identifier) that was previously assigned to you will also be disassociated. This means that if at a later stage, you decide to opt back in, we will not be able to use any of your past information for advertising purposes, and you will (for all practical purposes) be a new user to our system. For apps using older versions of the Vungle SDK, you may also stop the collection of location information by particular apps that may allow collection of location of this information by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
2.5 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1,
below
for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
2.6 Privacy Practices of Vungle Clients.
Vungle is not responsible for the information practices of our Clients or their agents. We require our Clients to comply with all applicable laws and regulations and to provide End Users with notice of the collection of data for advertising purposes as outlined in this Notice. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of apps you visit for information about those apps’ data collection and use practices.
2.7 Minors and Children.
Our Clients are responsible for ensuring that their mobile apps comply with data privacy protection legislation applicable to minors and children, such as the United States’ Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
“), including where relevant by obtaining parental consent prior to the collection of personal information. With respect to COPPA specifically, we rely upon our Publisher Clients to confirm whether or not their app is subject to COPPA. As required by COPPA, Vungle will enable a flag in our system when a Client indicates their app is subject to COPPA such that the End User’s device history is disassociated, and the only End User personal information used by the Vungle Ad Services would be persistent identifiers (e.g., IP address and device identifiers) to provide “support for internal operations” of the Vungle Ad Services (as permitted by COPPA).
3. VUNGLE WEBSITES
This Section describes how we collect and use Information in the usual course of business, including through our websites (such as
“http://vungle.com”
or any other website on which this Notice is posted) and other corporate services, web portals, and dashboards we make available to our Clients and End Users (collectively “
Websites
“), as well as in connection with our events, sales and marketing activities. This section does not apply to information collection through apps that use the Vungle Ad Services.
3.1 What information do we collect?
Information that you provide voluntarily:
Certain parts of our Websites may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily. For example, when Clients are registering for a Vungle account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Vungle or our products and services, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, Vungle collects required personal information from you. The personal information that you are asked to provide (and the reasons why you are asked to provide it) will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We will also let you know prior to collection whether the provision of personal information we are collecting is compulsory or may be provided on a voluntary basis, and the consequences (if any) of not providing the information. We also collect personal information you otherwise submit to us, such as when you send Vungle an email.
LEARN MORE
The personal information we collect may include contact information (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address) and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. We also collect information you choose to provide to us when completing any ‘free text’ boxes in our forms (for example, for event sign-up, product feedback or survey requests).
Information we collect automatically:
When using our Websites, we may automatically collect certain information from your device or computer. In some countries, including countries in the EU, this information may be considered personal information under data protection laws.Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about your system and connection, and how you interact with our Websites and other websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, as explained further under the heading “
Cookies and similar tracking technology
.”
Information we collect from third party sources:
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, data providers, and social media platforms. Examples of the information we could receive from other sources include account information, page-views, and browsing information.
3.2 How do we use your information?
We use the information we collect or receive to:
Send you marketing and promotional communications.
For example, we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the “
Your Choices
” section above).
Send administrative information to you.
For example, to send you product, service, and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Engage in and process transactions.
For example, we may use your personal information along with financial, credit card, and/or payment information that you provide to us to process your transactions and for billing purposes. Note that Vungle uses third-party vendors to collect and/or process any financial or payment information, and does not itself collect, receive, or process financial or payment information on its own.
Respond to your requests.
For example, we may use your personal information to fulfill your request for a quote or customer support, or to provide you with information you have requested about the Websites or Vungle Ad Services.
Post testimonials.
We post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain our consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at
privacy@vungle.com
and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Manage your account and provide support or other services.
For example, for the creation or administration of your Vungle account, to communicate with you, and to provide you with customer support or other services you have ordered, such as product updates, product patches and fixes and other similar operational communications.
Select content and improve quality.
We may use your information to help improve the Website, Vungle Ad Services, and to ensure that content on the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for your device (for example, by presenting products and offers tailored to you).
Protect the Vungle Websites.
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep the Websites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
For our business purposes.
We may use your information for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing, and client relationships.
3.3 Cookies and Similar Technologies.
We may use cookies and similar technology (collectively “
cookies
”) on our Websites to collect and process personal information about you. At any time, you may use your browser settings to change your cookie preferences or control use of cookies.  By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies.  We also use Google Analytics to learn more about usage of our Websites. You can learn more about Google Analytics, including how to opt-out, by visiting
here
.
3.4 How Do We Share Information?
Please see Section 4.1
, below for information concerning how Vungle shares the information collected.
4. GENERAL INFORMATION
4.1 How do we share your information?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
Advertiser Clients.
If you are an End User, we may exchange information with our Advertiser Clients in connection with the Vungle Ad Services for purposes relevant to our business relationships with them, such as for billing purposes, dispute resolution, or fraud prevention, and to help them identify and/or buy our Publisher Client’s advertising inventory. Our Advertiser Clients are obligated to use the information they receive in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Attribution Partners and Mobile Measurement Partners.
Acting on behalf of and as third-party agents for our Advertiser Clients, if you are an End User, we may exchange information (such as your mobile device ID) with our Advertiser Clients’ attribution and mobile measurement partners to validate and measure the success of ads delivered via the Platform for billing purposes.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers.
We may share your information with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions required for the operation of our business. Examples include to provide data storage and processing services, fraud prevention, technical support for our Platform, analyzing data and performing analysis related to the Website, Platform and related services, and delivering content.
Compliance with laws.
We may disclose information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Disclosures for national security or law enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vital interests and legal rights.
We may disclose information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Notice, or as evidence in litigation in which Vungle may be involved.
Vungle affiliates.
Vungle is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, but we have subsidiary and affiliate offices in London, UK; Berlin, Germany; Tokyo, Japan; Seoul, Korea; Beijing, China; and Singapore, Singapore. A list of our group companies is available here
https://vungle.com/contact-us
. We may share information with our parent companies, subsidiaries and/or affiliates for use and processing purposes described in this Notice.
Business transfers.
We may share or transfer information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Notice.
Consent.
We may share your information with any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
4.2 Your data protection rights.
Promotional Emails:
You can opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in the email, by emailing unsubscribe@vungle.com. If you choose to no longer receive marketing information, we may still communicate with you regarding such things as your security updates, product functionality, responses to service requests, or other transactional, non-marketing/administrative related purposes.
Other Rights (applicable to California and EEA residents only):
If you are a resident of California or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), legislation in your jurisdiction – such as the California Consumer Protection Act (“CCPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), respectively – affords you certain specific data protection rights, as noted below. If you make a request, to protect your privacy and security, we will take steps to verify your identity and requests before granting the rights set forth in this Notice.
CCPA rights (California residents)
You can request
access to or ask that we delete
your personal information at any time. Please note that, under certain circumstances, we have the right to impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law.  For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
Vungle does not “sell” personal information
within the meaning of the CCPA. Nevertheless, Vungle will honor any “opt-out of sale” requests we may receive from our Clients, and accordingly take reasonable measures to prevent any further downstream sales. Vungle does share personal information as described in this Notice.
If you are a California resident seeking to exercise your CCPA rights, please (i) email us at
CCPA@vungle.com
, or (ii) visit our website and complete the webform to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
GDPR rights (EEA residents)
You can request
access to or that we change, update or delete
your personal information at any time by contacting us at
privacy@vungle.com
. Please note that we may impose a small fee for access and disclosure of your personal information where permitted under applicable law, which will be communicated to you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services.
You can
object to processing
of your personal information, ask us to
restrict processing
of your personal information or
request portability
of your personal information. To exercise these rights email
privacy@vungle.com
.
If we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can
withdraw your consent
at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the
right to complain to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) are available
here
.
Please note that because most of the information we store can only identify a particular browser or device, and cannot identify you individually, you will need to provide us with some additional information to enable us to identify the personal information we hold about you and ensure that we accurately fulfil your request.
4.3 Additional information for California Residents.
California law requires us to provide California residents with some additional information regarding how we collect, use, and share your “personal information” (as defined in the CCPA). Throughout this Notice, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of information we collect from you or your device and discuss how we use and share such information.
As described in detail in
Section 2.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through the Vungle Ad Services: device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with your device.
As described in detail in
Section 3.1
above, we may collect the following categories of information about you through your use of the Websites: identifiers (such as name and contact information); commercial information (such as transaction data); financial data (such as credit card information through our payment processors); device identifiers (such as IP address); internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage); geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
We disclose the following categories of personal information for business purposes: identifiers; commercial information; financial data (via our payment processors); device identifiers; internet or other network or device activity; geolocation information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you.
As described in detail in
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.3
above, we use and disclose the information we collect for the business purposes described in this Notice, including: to provide and improve the Vungle Ad Services and the Websites, for our operational purposes, for the operational purposes of our service providers, for audit purposes, to detect security incidents and prevent fraud, for debugging and repairing errors, to communicate with you, to provide customer service, to market Vungle services, and for other uses that we notify you about.
We may disclose your personal information to the categories of recipients described in detail in
Section 4.1
, above.
4.4 Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA residents only).
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we normally rely on our legitimate interest to collect personal information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information, they include the interests described in the sections headed “How do we use your information?” above (
Section 2.2
and
Section 3.2
.
In some cases, we may rely on our consent or have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your personal information, we will obtain such consent in compliance with applicable laws.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the details provided under the heading “
Contact Us
” below.
4.5 Third-Party Websites and Apps.
This Notice only applies to the Vungle Websites and Vungle Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that use or access the Vungle Services or Vungle Ad Services. In addition, ads within the Vungle Platform may contain links to third-party websites and apps. Any access to and use of such linked websites or apps is not governed by this Notice, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third parties.
4.6 How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate administrative, organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect and process about you. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and to help ensure that your data is safe, secure, and only available to you and to those you provided authorized access. Specific measures we will use include hashing and pseudonymization of data prior to storage. However, no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so you should take care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
4.7 Data Retention.
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements, to enforce our agreements or comply with our legal obligations). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such data or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
If you are an End User, we typically store the personal information we collect about you, such as your IP address and other information described above, for 13 months from the date of last collection before we delete, overwrite, or anonymize that data, unless we are required to keep it to comply with a legal or audit obligation.
Please contact us at privacy@vungle.com if you have any questions about the information we collect and/or how we use the information we collect.
4.8 International Data Transfers.
The Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States. If you are using the Vungle Ad Services and Vungle Websites from outside the United States, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by Vungle in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the United States and other locations including London, Berlin, Tokyo, Seoul, Beijing and Singapore, where we have offices. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
However, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected in accordance with this Notice. These include implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies, which require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the EEA in accordance with European Union data protection law. Our Standard Contractual Clauses can be provided upon request. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request. .
4.9 EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice.
Vungle, Inc. is located in the United States and participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from EU member countries in the United States.
Vungle adheres to and will abide by the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability when processing such personal information.
Vungle is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
For more information about the Privacy Shield, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov
. To review our certification on the Privacy Shield list, see the US Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield self-certification list located at:
https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
.
4.10 Questions or complaints.
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal information to us at
privacy@vungle.com
. We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.
JAMS (EEA residents only)
If you are an EEA resident and you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, JAMS, free of charge at
https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield
.
Binding arbitration (EEA residents only)
You may have the option to select binding arbitration for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances, provided you have taken the following steps: (1) raised your complaint directly with us and provided us the opportunity to resolve the issue; (2) made use of the independent dispute resolution mechanism identified above; and (3) raised the issue through the relevant data protection authority and allowed the US Department of Commerce an opportunity to resolve the complaint at no cost to you. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme please see
https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield
.
4.11 Changes to this Notice.
Vungle will review and update this Notice periodically and will note the date of its most recent revision above. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Notice frequently to be informed of how Vungle is protecting your information.
4.12 Contact Us.
If you have questions about our privacy practices, or would like to make a complaint, please contact Vungle’s Data Protection Officer by email at
privacy@vungle.com
or by post using the details provided below:
Residents outside of the European Economic Area (EEA)
Vungle, Inc.
Attn: Legal
1255 Battery Street, Suite 500, San Francisco, CA, 94111, United States
European Economic Area (EEA) residents
Vungle Limited
Attn: Data Protection Officer
4th Floor, Farringdon Point, 33 Farringdon Road, London, England, EC1M 3JF
Important note:
If you are resident in the EEA, the “data controller” of your personal information is Vungle, Inc.
This site uses cookies.
Read more
Home
Advertise
Monetize
Creative Labs
Creative Team
Creative Tech
Vungle SDK
Liftoff
GameRefinery
JetFuel
The Plug
TreSensa
Blog
Success Stories
News and Events
Resources
Partners
Careers
Support
About Us
Contact Us
An error has occurred, please try again later.
×
We Value Your Privacy
Settings
NextRoll, Inc. ("NextRoll") and our
19 advertising partners
use cookies and similar technologies on this site and use personal data (e.g., your IP address). If you consent, the cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes described below. You can click "Allow All" or "Decline All" or click Settings above to customise your consent regarding the purposes and features for which your personal data will be processed and/or the partners with whom you will share personal data.
NextRoll and our
advertising partners
process personal data to: ● Store and/or access information on a device; ● Create a personalised content profile; ● Select personalised content; ● Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, audience research and services development; ● Services development. For some of the purposes above, our advertising partners: ● Use precise geolocation data. Some of our partners rely on their legitimate business interests to process personal data. View our
advertising partners
if you wish to provide or deny consent for specific partners, review the purposes each partner believes they have a legitimate interest for, and object to such processing.
If you select Decline All, you will still be able to view content on this site and you will still receive advertising, but the advertising will not be tailored for you. You may change your setting whenever you see the
Manage consent preferences
on this site.
Decline All
Allow All
Manage consent preferences
Sub-policy 16
https://www.mintegral.com/en/privacy/:
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
PRIVACY POLICY
September 14
th
2024
Mintegral entities (for purpose of applicable data protection laws, Mintegral entities providing Mintegral Service which are subject to applicable disclosure requirements can be viewed
HERE
collectively, “Mintegral”, or “we”, “us”, “our”) provide this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Mintegral’s handling of two types of information:
(1)Information we receive when we provide our service, including (i) device information about end users we collect through our software development kit (“SDK”), application programming interface (“API”), our platforms, services or technologies from traffic supply partners such as mobile app developer, ad exchange platform, supply-side platform, mediation platform; (ii) information about end users’ interaction with ads collect through our SDK, API or other technologies, or collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners (e.g. mobile app developers, advertisers, hereinafter referred to as “Business Partners”) or any third party designated by them; (iii) device information generated during end users’ use of our Business Partners’ mobile apps, websites, platforms or services and information collected and transferred to us by our Business Partners or any third party designated by them; (iv) information provided by Business Partners when they use Mintegral’s platforms, technologies, services. In the Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services, the end users mentioned in this section are collectively referred to as “User”, “you” or “your”; the SDK, API, any technology, platform or service provided by Mintegral mentioned in this section are referred to as “Mintegral Service”.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection for Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information
.
(2)Information we receive through the following websites from website visitors (hereinafter referred to as “Visitors”, “you” or “your”) in the Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website: (i) our website at:
www.mintegral.com
www.mintegral.net
or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as (ii) any website we provide to Business Partners or potential clients in order to provide our services.
Please click on the following link to access detail about
Protection of Minors
under the process of collecting this type of information.
This Policy is subject to any service agreement between Mintegral and you. By using the Mintegral Service or Mintegral Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agreed to this Policy. Please review this Policy before using the Mintegral Service or the Mintegral Site.
We evaluate this Policy and procedures to implement improvements and refinements from time to time.We will review and update this Privacy Policy as necessary at least every 12 months.
Data protection and ensuring our Business Partners’ and your trust is at the core of Mintegral’s business principles. Accordingly, being compliance with applicable data protection laws is our top priority and this Policy is updated to be compliance with the applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”),
the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais) (“LGPD”), the any personal information protection law announced by Chinese governments
(“PIPL”)
, and
the US States Privacy Laws
(
“
US States Privacy Laws
”
)
including
California Customer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act ("VCDPA")
,
the Colorado Privacy Act
(
“CPA”
), t
he Utah Consumer Privacy Act
(
“UCPA”
),
the Connecticut Data Protection Act
(
“CDPA”
),
the
Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (“OCPA”)
, and
the Texas Data Privacy and Security Act (“TDPSA”)
.
For the purpose of this Policy, “Processor” means an “entrusted handler” under the PIPL, a “processor” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “service provider” under the CCPA. “Controller” means a “personal information handler” under the PIPL, a “controller” under the
US States Privacy Laws, excluding CCPA
, and a “business” under the CCPA.
Privacy Policy of the Mintegral Services
1. Introduction
This Policy describes Mintegral’s information collection and use while (i) Users view ads served by the Mintegral Services or interact with Mintegral’s Services in any manner; (ii) Users interact with platforms, applications, websites or other services provided by Business Partners; (iii) Business Partners interact with Mintegral’s Service.
Except as explicitly stated in this Policy, Mintegral acts as a Controller under the GDPR when processing Users' personal information in the provision of Mintegral Services.
Our technology enables our partners to show Users more relevant advertising that is based on Users’ interests and behaviors. In order to provide Mintegral Services, we may collect and use certain information about User activity and preferences. We understand how important it is to keep such User’s personal information confidential and discrete, especially in today’s online world. To this end, we have designed this Policy in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that our privacy practices can be clearly understood.
The Mintegral Services may link to third party websites, Apps or other third party content. Please note that we cannot control the treatment of a User’s information by such third parties, and that the privacy practices of third parties likely differ from those described in this Policy.
2. How We Collect Users’ Information
Depending on the nature of a User’s interaction with the Mintegral Services, or any service provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we may collect information directly from such User or from our Business Partners (e.g. mobile application developers, ad exchange platforms, supply-side platform and advertisers). For example, (1) we may collect user information through SDK embedded in mobile apps; (2) our Business Partners such as ad exchange platform and supply-side platform may share user information with us when they initiates an ad request to our DSP; (3) our advertisers or their third-party attribution platforms may share user information with us.
Therefore, in the process of providing Mintegral's services, we have no direct contact with users. We will obtain authorized consent from users regarding the collection and use of personal information through Mintegral's business partners (e.g., mobile application developers or advertisers). In our cooperation agreements with Mintegral's business partners, we have required them to commit to and guarantee the legitimacy of the data source, and they will inform users of the specifics of our processing of personal information as required by applicable law and obtain valid consent from users (obtaining separate consent as required by applicable law if necessary), and guarantee that users can revoke such consent at any time.
3. Information We May Collect From Users
When you view ads served by Mintegral Service or interact with services provided by Mintegral’s Business Partners, we and/or our Business Partners may collect your information.
(1) The information we collect through our SDK may include the following types：
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, GAID
,
Ama
zon
ID
or MAC address
. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
Notes: For Users of Android device in Mainland China, after our SDK receives an ad offer from Advertisers/DSPs, we may check if you have installed the app promoted by our ad before showing this ad to you, and if you have already installed the app, we will not show this ad to you (“Impression-Filter”), and we will inform the service end not to serve this ad when the ad request is sent by your device in the future. Mintegral only collects information related to the ad which is Impression-Filtered, and Mintegral does not collect any other information related to any installed application.
⑤
Interactive Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
timestamp, device event information such as crashes, system activity, the date and time of your request and referral URL, user-agent.
(2)
When you install and use the product (e.g. app) after you view and click an ad served by us, we may collect information
f
rom a
dvertis
ers o
r
the
ir
att
rib
ution
mea
s
urem
ent
partn
ers
in
clu
ding
the fol
l
owin
g t
y
pes:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application version;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of when the installation event other other event occurred;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
TCF string.
Special note: The TCF string is a machine-readable string defined by IAB Europe that encodes your consent choices regarding the processing of your personal information by us. For more information about the TCF string, you can visit the
IAB Europe website
. Please note that we only collect your TCF string information when you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
We may also collect the following information from the mediation platforms that the advertiser works with:
① Location information: IP address, country, city;
② Device/advertising ID: IMEI, OAID, IDFV, IDFA, GAID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address;
③ Device information: device manufacturer, device model, device operating system information, device language, device type, device network information, device operator;
④ Application information: application package name;
⑤ Usage data: timestamp of the occurrence of the monetization event;
⑥ Other information: user agent.
(3) Where Mintegral acts as Demand Side Platform (“DSP”), the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform may share with us your personal information through API may include the following:
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Advertising ID:
IMEI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, Mobile Ad Identifier such as Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID,
A
mazon
I
D
,
MAC address.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of network, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status;
④
Application Information:
version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with the Mintegral Services, user-agent;
⑤
Interactive Information:
we may also collect information about your interaction with ads served by us, such as information that you have viewed or clicked an ad;
⑥
Others:
other information transferred by the ad exchange platform or supply-side platform.
We cooperates with reputational ad exchange platforms and supply-side platform including Google Doubleclick Ad Exchange. The ad exchange platforms or the supply-side platform may receive an ad request containing your personal information and, to the extent permitted by applicable law or with User’s valid consent, transfer to Mintegral to build your profile, personalize your ad experience, and serve future ads you may see on the internet.
(4) As we provide Mintegral Service for our Business Partners, we may collect name, job title, email address, contact address and the account name and password used to access Mintegral websites, IP address of the individuals using Mintegral services on behalf of such Business Partners.
ABOUT SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Sensitive Personal Information refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, will easily lead to infringement of the human dignity or harm to the personal or property safety of a natural person. The scope of sensitive personal information may vary pursuant to different applicable data protection law.
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partner will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
4. How We Use Users’ Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purpose:
Type
o
f Personal Information
Usage
Device Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
Basic business functions:
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically send. We use your personal information to display ads on your device through automatic decision making process. We use de-identification techniques and algorithms based on machine learning, model prediction, and more. Ads may be shown to you based on information we legally collected such as the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your approximate location, your device type and your device status. We may create tag, features and build profile about you and your interest. According to the calculation results of the recommendation algorithm based on the profile, we may show you personalized ads or behavioral ads which are relevant to you and customized to your inferred interests, preferences, approximate locations and other features. Our recommendation algorithm does not identify the true identity of a particular natural person.
We also perform secondary processing of aggregated data in accordance with data security technologies such as de-identification and anonymization, which are commonly implemented in the industry, to form a database of features and tags that cannot identify the true identity of a specific natural person, conduct group analysis, and optimize algorithm training models to better understand and analyze your usage trends and preferences in order to improve the quality of our Mintegral Services and develop our new products.
Extended Business Functions: Your device information will be used to collect information about the cause of application crashes for later crash problem solving.
Contact Information
Including all types of personal information described in paragraphs（4）of Article 3 of this Policy
We may collect and use personal information of Users who are representing our Business Partners to use Mintegral Service (e.g. employees of publishers or advertisers) for purpose of business contact and direct marking (e.g. sending marketing emails).
Sensitive Personal Information
/
We will not collect your sensitive personal information without your consent. Our Business Partners will transmit or authorize us to process your sensitive personal information after notifying you the necessity of processing your sensitive personal information and the impact of your rights and interests with your consent.
5. The Legal Basis for Our Processing of Users' Personal Information
(1) Where required by applicable laws, We have contractually agreed that our Business Partners (e.g. developer of mobile app integrated with Mintegral’s SDK, advertisers) will obtain consent of a user or their employees for and on our behalf for our processing of his/her personal information described in this Privacy Policy. A data subject can withdraw their consent at any time.
(2) According to the laws and regulations, the following are exceptions to obtaining the consent of the user:
① Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract with the data subject;
② Necessary to fulfill our legal obligations;
③ Necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property of the data subject in an emergency;
④For the implementation of news reporting, public opinion monitoring and other acts in the public interest, within a reasonable range of the handling of end-user personal information;
⑤In accordance with the provisions of applicable laws within a reasonable range to process the personal information disclosed by the data subject himself/herself or other personal information which has been lawfully disclosed.
(3) If you are located in the European Economic Area, we may use your personal information based on the "legitimate interests" set forth in the GDPR, in necessary cases. Our legitimate interests include: monitoring and preventing fraudulent activity, remove technical obstacles to system operation and ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely.
6. How We Share, Entrust the Processing, Transfer, Disclose And Transmit Users’ Personal Information
(1)
Sharing
We may share personal information collected by us with third parties for the following purposes and scenarios：
<
vertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
No.
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
1
Advertisers, advertising agencies, ad attribution service providers, ad demand-side platforms
See the list of Third Parties for details
①
Location Information:
IP, Country, Time Zone and Locale Setting (include country information and preferred language).
②
Device ID/ Avertising ID:
IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, OAID, IDFV, IDFA，GAID，Amazon ID  or MAC address. We will not collect such information if you restrict your device or the app from acquiring device ID or advertising ID according to Article 7 of this Policy.
③
Device Information:
device make, device model, information of operating system, device type, information of screen, information of battery, device volume and font size, whether the it is an emulator, information of network, information of hardware, information of device sensor, Limited Ad Tracking (LAT) status, system boot time, device user name, information of storage capacity;
④
Application Information:
package name of the app of Mintegral’s Business Partners, whether it is downloaded from App Store, version and characteristic of the app used by you when you interact with Mintegral’s Service, SDK version, list of installed apps*;
⑤
Interactive
Information:
when you view ads served by us or have other interaction with ads served by us, we may collect information about your interaction with such ads, for example, information that you have viewed or clicked an ad.
⑥
Others:
user-agent.
①for conducting advertising attribution and settlement with advertisers/advertising agencies. In relation to such processing activities of personal information, Mintegral acts as a Processor on behalf of the advertisers/advertising agencies to process Users' personal information;
②for monitoring the quality of advertising delivery;
③
for performing precise targeting.
2
Mintegral Affiliates
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (1) to (3) of Article 3 of this Policy
for internal data analysis among our affiliates to improve service quality and provide their clients with analytical services based on aggregate data;
3
See the list of
Mintegral Affiliates
for details
including all types of personal information described in items (4) of Article 3 of this Policy
for promoting the products or services of our affiliates to users.
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We have agreed with the partners who have direct access to the user that the partner will inform the user of the above-mentioned third party information and obtain the user's separate consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
(2)
Entrusted Processing
Type of Third Parties
Information of Third Parties
Type of Information
Processing Purpose and Processing Method
cloud service providers
See the cloud service providers
Including all types of personal information described in Article 3 of this Policy
① for responding to advertising requests;
② for ensuring systems and processes work properly and securely;
③ for purpose of data storage.
Except as expressly stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not entrust other third parties with the processing of Users' personal information.
(3)Assignmenet:
We will not transfer the user's personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following cases:
① W
e inform the user in advance of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the transfer of personal information and obtain the user's separate consent;
② In the event of a merger, separation, dissolution, bankruptcy, etc. that requires the transfer of personal information, we will inform the user of the name and contact information of the recipient and request the recipient to continue to perform the obligations of the processor of personal information. If the recipient changes the original purpose or method of processing, we will ask the recipient to obtain the user's consent again.
(4)Public Disclosure
We do not publicly disclose the personal information of end users, except in the following cases:
① After informing the user of the type, purpose, manner and scope of the personal information to be publicly disclosed and obtaining the user's separate consent;
② When compelled by laws, regulations, legal proceedings, litigation or government authorities.
(5) International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA. You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (“Model Contracts”) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland of the People's Republic of China, the personal information we collect about you under this Privacy Policy will be stored in the mainland of the People's Republic of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland of the People's Republic of China. If our business partners transfer your personal information overseas, they shall be solely responsible for fulfilling the compliance obligations related to data transfer. They should inform you of the name or identity, contact information, processing purposes, processing methods, types of personal information, and the ways and procedures for exercising your legal rights towards the overseas recipients. They should obtain your separate consent, fulfill the evaluation process as required by laws and regulations, and meet other conditions specified by applicable laws and regulations.
7. Your Data Rights
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions as permitted by GDPR): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting,  selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) o
pt out of selling or sharing of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
We have sold (as defined under the CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information to the following categories of third parties: please see column “Type of Information” and column “Type of Third Parties” of the 1
st
line under Article 6(1) (“Sharing”) of this Policy. We do not sell Personal Information of minors under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect in the
“Information We May Collect From Users”
section above. For details regarding the sources from which we obtain personal information, please see the
“How We Collect Users’ Information”
section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the
“How We Use Users’ Personal Information”
section above.
If you are
(i)
a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023,
(ii)
a resident of the State of Colorado
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023,
(iii)
a resident of the State of Connecticut
in the
United States, effective July 1, 2023
,
or
(
iv
)
a resident of the State of
Texas in the
United States, effective July 1, 202
4,
you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
a. to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
b. to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
c. to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
d. to delete your personal information;
e. to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
f. to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.
(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.
(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.
(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.
(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)For the algorithmic services we provide, you have the right to select or delete user tags for your personal characteristics used for such services.
(7)You have the right to request an explanation of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
Setting about Personalized Ads
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you can manage Mintegral’s ads your see and set for the personalized ads by clicking
here
.
No matter you are in which country or region, you can opt out personalized ads in the following way:
Guidance of Opt out
You can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising or behavioural advertising from Mintegral on supported devices following the guideline below.
On an iOS device, if you are using iOS 14.5 or above, you can click on "Ask the App Not to Track" in the app's asking pop-up window or manage your "Tracking" settings in [Settings] - [Privacy] . If you ask the App not to track, Mintegral will not access your advertising identifiers and will not use advertising identifiers to infer your interests or serve advertisements to target devices based on your inferred interests.
On Android devices, your settings may allow you to “Opt out of Interest-Based Ads.” When you opt out using this setting on a device, Mintegral will not use information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
You can also manage your personalized advertising settings by clicking on the [Settings] section of the mobile app you have downloaded to find privacy-related settings. If you choose not to allow personalized advertising, Mintegral will not use information collected from your device to infer your interests or serve ads to target devices based on inferred interests.
Your mobile web browser may also provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting. When you have enabled this setting in your browser, Mintegral will not use mobile web browsing information from that browser to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeting based on your inferred interests.
8. Security of Users’ Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means. We will establish a dedicated security team, security management system, and data security process to safeguard the security of your personal information. We adopt a strict data use and access system to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to your personal information, and conduct security audits of data and technology when appropriate. We will develop emergency handling plans and activate them immediately in the event of a user information security incident, in an effort to prevent the expansion of the impact and consequences of such security incidents. Once a user information security incident (leakage, loss, etc.) has occurred, we will promptly inform you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
At present, Mintegral programmatic interactive advertising platform has passed the national information security level protection (Level 3) assessment and record, and passed the international authoritative ISO27001 information security certification and SOC 2 Type 1 and Type 2 audits. mintegral also passed the ePrivacy privacy protection certification of the famous European privacy protection certification agency Mintegral has also been certified by the kidSAFE Seal Program under the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which means that Mintegral's programmatic interactive advertising platform is certified as compliant with GDPR regulations and effective in safeguarding user privacy. Mintegral has been certified by TrustArc, an authoritative privacy and security certification authority, as compliant with CPPA requirements for Mintegral's handling of customer and end-user personal data, further demonstrating that Mintegral's services provide comprehensive privacy protection for customers and end-device users. Users provide comprehensive privacy protection.
Mintegral participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies, Mintegral’s identification number within the framework is [Vendor ID: 867].
Mintegral may retain the information relating to you collected from our Business Partners as necessary for the provision of the services, internal analytical purposes, or to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements (e.g. settlement). We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us according to this Policy we will only keep this personal information for no more than two (2) years. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: (i) how long the personal data is needed to provide the services and operate the business; (ii) the type of personal data collected; and (iii) whether we are subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes).
9. Protection for Minors
Mintegral’s service is not mainly for minors. If a User is deemed as minor under applicable law, please make sure that before the use of the application which integrates Mintegral’s product or service or the application of an advertiser that partners with Mintegral for delivering its ads, parents or other guardian and such User have together read the application’s privacy policy with the guardianship and guiding of parents or other guardian, and their consent have been provided for processing of personal information.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
10. Marketing
If you are our Business Partners, we or our affiliates may contact you periodically by e-mail to provide information regarding our products, services and content that may be of interest to you. If applicable law requires that we receive your consent before we send you certain types of marketing communications, we will only send you those types of communications after receiving your consent.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
11. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy of Mintegral Website applies to information collection and use including while you are visiting and using the Mintegral Site. According to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Mintegral is the data controller of your personal information.
2. What Information We Collect
As you navigate through this Mintegral Site, we may collect information include:
(1)
personal information you voluntarily provide (for example, names, birth dates, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license, addresses, telephone numbers, E-mail addresses, occupations, education, work experience, account log-in information, debit or credit card or other payment account information and related information).
Among them, numbers or copies of your personal ID card/passport/social security card/driver's license/other license may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA; debit or credit card or other collection account information may constitute sensitive personal information under the definition of CCPA and China Personal Information Protection Law.
(2) s
ome information that are not voluntarily provided such as your browser type, domain name, IP address, pages visited, and the length of your user session using various technologies and means, such as Internet Protocol Address, cookies, Internet Tags and navigational data collection.
Mintegral is entitled to take measures to validate the authenticity of personal information you provide.
If you give us personal information of somebody else, you should warrant that you have gained their permission to do so.
If you are located in mainland China, we may use the Baidu Statistics Service provided by Baidu.com to help us analyze our website usage and help improve the quality of our website services. For more information about the information collected by Baidu's statistical services and its data processing activities, please visit:
Here
If you are located outside of mainland China, We may also use Google Analysis that assists us with analysing the usage of our website and help to improve the service quality of our website. For the personal information that may be collected by Google Analysis and its processing activities, please visit:
Here
3. How We Use Your Information
Based on your consent or based on our legitimate interests, we may use your personal information for the following purposes: (i) to provide you with Mintegral’s products or services or information; (ii) to sign you up for an event or training; (iii) to contact you and respond to your requests and enquiries; (iv) for business administration, including statistical analysis; (v) to personalize your visit to the Mintegral Site and to assist you while you use the Site; (vi) to improve the Mintegral Site by helping us understand who uses the Site; or (vii) to periodically provide you with information about our products and services and content that may be of interest to you by email.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, you may follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the emails or request to be opted-out of receiving such communications via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
4. Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may disclose User’s personal information to
Mintegral’s Affiliates
and other third parties.
We may use
Third-party Technology Service Providers
to provide us with services who may have access to your personal information, including
companies
that assist with technical aspects of hosting and operating the Mintegral Site, technical service provider  that assists with analyzing the usage of our website, or email service provider.
(please see our
Cookies Policy
for details).
Except as expressly stated in this Policy, according to the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, we will not disclose User’s personal information to any third party without User’s consent.
We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy.
We may disclose users' personal information to our affiliates for the purposes set out in this Policy or to promote the products or services of our affiliates to users.
The servers used in the operation of the Mintegral Site automatically identify a computer by its IP address. Although, we will not be able to identify the computer using its IP address once you have left the Mintegral Site. If we, in good faith, determine that you have or are attempting to misuse or harm the Site, we may investigate and cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies to protect our rights or property.
Similarly, we may share your personal information as required or permitted by law to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process or government request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is legally required or otherwise necessary to protect our rights and property, or the rights, property or safety of others, including to advisers, law enforcement agencies, judicial and regulatory authorities. We may also transfer your personal information to a third party that acquires all or part of our assets or shares, or that succeeds us in carrying on all or a part of our business, whether by merger, acquisition, reorganization or otherwise.
5. International Transfers
When you are located in the European Econocim Area (“EEA”), personal information collected about you will be transferred to recipients in countries located outside the EEA or can be remotely accessed in countries located outside the EEA, including in countries which may not be decided by the European Commission that it provides an adequate level of protection to personal information. We have followed requirements as set out in applicable law to provide adequate protection to your personal data. To the extent as required by applicable law, our Business Partner will obtain your valid consent
to the extent for us to transfer your personal information to recipients including Mintegral’s affiliates and any other recipients as described in this Policy, which are located outside the EEA.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time.
Mintegral has entered into EU standard contractual clauses (
“Model Contracts”
) for intra-group transfers of personal information to its affiliates. You can request a copy of these Model Contracts by submitting your request via email to
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are located in the mainland areas of China, we store your personal information inside the mainland areas of China.
We will not transfer your personal information outside of the mainland areas of China.
6. Your Data Rights
You have the right to access, modify, correct or delete any personal data which we may have collected. To exercise this right please contact privacy
privacy@mintegral.com
If you are in the EEA, you have a right to (subject to a limited number of exceptions): (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or to object to processing of your personal information; and (iii) ask for a copy of your personal information to be provided to them, or a third party, in a digital format. You also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your personal information with your local data protection authority in the EEA.
If you are residents of the State of California in the United States, you can request the following information about how we have collected and used your personal information during the past 12 months:
The categories of Personal Information we have collected.
The categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we disclose the Personal Information.
The categories of Personal Information that we sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
The categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, shared or disclosed for a business purpose.
Access. You can request a copy of the Personal Information that we have collected about you during the past 12 months.
You can ask us to delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you.
You can ask us to correct inaccuracies of your Personal Information.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination as prohibited by the CCPA.You may (i) submit requests to exercise your California privacy rights described above by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
or send a written document to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222-3 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province, China; (ii) opt out of selling
or sharing
of your data by clicking on the following link:
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY DATA
and (iii) submit requests to restrict the use of your sensitive Personal Information by writing to us at:
privacy@mintegral.com
.
When you submit a request we will verify your request by the information you provide (e.g. device ID, company email) according to our internal guidelines. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request to know or a request to delete your personal information by providing the authorized agent written permission to do so; and by verifying your own identity with us directly.  We will deny any requests from agents that do not submit proof of authorization. For request metrics as designated by the CCPA, please see
here
.
For clarity, we do not sell or share (as defined under the CCPA) your Personal Information.
You can also find a list of the categories of Personal Information that we collect and details regarding the sources from which we obtain Personal Information in the “
What Information We Collect
” section above. We collect and use personal information for the business or commercial purposes described in the “
How We Use Your Personal Information
” section above.
If you are (i) a resident of the State of Virginia in the United States, effective January 1, 2023, (ii) a resident of the State of Colorado in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, (iii) a resident of the State of Connecticut in the United States, effective July 1, 2023, or (iv) a resident of the State of Texas in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us:
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the VCDPA,
CPA, CDPA
, and
TDPSA
you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are a resident of the State of Utah in the United States, effective December 31, 2023, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, or (ii) selling your personal information.
As set forth in the UCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com.
If you are a resident of the State of Oregon in the United States, effective July 1, 2024, you may exercise the following personal information rights with us.
to confirm whether we are processing your personal information and to access that personal information;
to obtain a list of third parties to whom we disclose personal information;
to correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
to delete your personal information;
to obtain a copy of the personal information you have provided to us; and
to request a refusal to allow us to process your personal information for the purposes of (i) personalized advertising, (ii) selling your personal information, or (iii) user profiling that has significant legal or similar implications for you.
As set forth in the OCPA you have the right to exercise the above rights without discrimination.
You may (i) exercise your rights to personal information as described above by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
and (ii) click on this
link
to refuse personalized advertising, refuse the sale of your personal information, and refuse user profiles that have a significant legal or similar impact on you. If you fail to provide valid information for our effective feedback, etc. when exercising your rights as described above, we may deny your right to exercise your rights. If you have any dispute on such denial, you may raise such dispute by sending email to
privacy@mintegral.com
.
If you are in the mainland areas of China, you have the following rights related to your personal information except when laws and administrative regulations otherwise provide.
(1)Right to be informed, right to decide and right to restrict or refuse processing of your personal information.(2)Right to access and copy your personal information except in special circumstance provided by law.(3)Right to request to transfer your personal information to another data handler.(4)Right to request to revise and supplement your personal information when you notice that the personal information we process is inaccurate or incomplete.(5)Right to delete your personal information in the following circumstances:
Where the purpose of processing has been achieved or is unable to be achieved, or the personal information is no longer necessary for achieving the purpose of processing;
Where Mintegral ceases the provision of its product or service involved, or the retention period has expired;
Where consent is withdrawn by the User;
Where the processing of personal information by Mintegral is in violation of any law, administrative regulations or any agreement; or
Any other circumstance as provided by law or administrative regulations.
If it is technically difficult to delete the personal information, Mintegral shall cease the processing of the personal information, except for the storage and any necessary measure taken for security protection.
(6)You have the right to request an explain of this Policy.
You can contact us via
privacy@mintegral.com
and request your data rights.
7. Security of Your Personal Information
The security of User’s information is our utmost priority, and we take strict measures in order to protect our data from unauthorized access, use, disclosure or destruction of data. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For example, we use firewalls, encryption technology and other automated software designed to protect against fraud and identity theft; our data is only stored in centers that provide high-level security for User’s information. Physical access is strictly controlled both at the perimeter and at building ingress points by our staff utilizing video surveillance and other electronic means.
We also protect User’s privacy by seeking to minimize the amount of sensitive data that we store on our servers in the first place. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their treatment of user data.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as necessary and in any event in relation to personal information collected by us on the Site we will only keep this personal information for one (1) year. For personal information collected via Google Analytics the following retention periods apply:
Here
8. Protection of Minors
The Site does not knowingly collect any personal information from minors. The personal information of any minor you provide shall be agreed by the minor’s parent or guardian in advance. Minor is defined in accordance with the laws applicable to this Policy of Mintegral Website.
We process minor’s personal information according to requirements of related laws and regulations. Except as otherwise provided by law, we will only collect, use, store, disclose, or make available to the public the personal information where permitted by law, with consent of parents or other guardians, or for the necessity of protection of the minors. If we notice the collection of personal information of minors without verifiable consent of parents, we will take measures to delete related information as soon as possible.
If you are parents or other guardian of minors, please contact us via the email we provide in this Policy when you have any question regarding to the protection of minors.
If you are Users in the U.S., we ensure that we comply with COPPA. If our business partners (such as Publishers) operate apps directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information of children under the age of thirteen (13) during our cooperation, they will obtain verifiable parental consent for Mintegral to collect, use or disclose such personal information according to this Policy. Further, such business partners must enable the COPPA settings when using the Mintegral Services. This allows Mintegral to ensure that any persistent identifiers collected about Users of apps that are flagged as “child-directed” will be processed according to the requirements of COPPA, including not being used to serve behaviorally-targeted ads or track users for such purposes in violation of COPPA. In addition, we will not knowingly collect any other personal information (such as the precise geo-location of Users’ devices) from Users of Apps that we know to be directed to children under the age of thirteen (13).
If you are Users in California U.S.,we ensure that we comply with CCPA. We will not sell or conduct targeted advertising with the data of consumers under the age of 16, unless there is explicit opt-in consent. If the request for consent is declined, we will not ask again for 12 months. Minors under the age of 13 must get permission from a parent or guardian to opt-in.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our files.
9. Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Mintegral may use cookies or other technology (collectively “Cookies”) to collect certain information about you when you are visiting the Site. Please read our
Cookies Policy
for more details.
10. Outside Sites and Linking
The Site may contain links and pointers to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the “
Outside Sites
“). Mintegral is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any Outside Site, including any webcasting or other form of transmission received from any Outside Sites. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster for those Outside Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such Outside Sites. Mintegral permits certain third party links to the home page of its Site, provided that Mintegral is provided with notice of such links and does not thereafter object to such linking. Mintegral a reserves the right to revoke unilaterally any consent that it may at any time give to any linkage, including linkages to the home page. The Outside Sites are being provided to you only as a convenience and any link or pointer contained on this Site does not imply endorsement of the Outside Sites.
11. Copyright
All Site content, design, text, graphics, images, logos, buttons, icons, interfaces, audio and video clips, and the selection and arrangements thereof are the exclusive property of Mintegral, or its respective content providers, and are protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Mintegral or its respective software suppliers, and such software is protected by Hong Kong SAR and international copyright laws and other applicable laws and treaties. Users of this Site shall not transmit/post any information to this Site that infringes the copyright or other intellectual property rights of others.
12. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used on the Site (collectively the “Marks“) are solely owned by Mintegral. The Marks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not a product or service of Mintegral or that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or that in any manner disparages or discredits Mintegral.
13. Online Conduct
Any conduct by a person that in Mintegral ‘s sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, is prohibited. You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes and in accordance with that prohibition. You agree that you will not post on the Site or transmit any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
14. Termination of Usage
Mintegral may, without incurring any liability to you, terminate access by you or suspend any access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that Mintegral, in its sole discretion, believes is in violation of any applicable law or this Agreement, or is harmful to the interests of another user, a third-party, a merchant, a sponsor, a licensor, a service provider, or the Site.
Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, we may occasionally update this Policy. All revisions will be posted to this website
www.mintegral.com
15. Contact Us
If you are located in mainland China, you can (i) send a written request to privacy@mintegral.com or send written documents to the following address: Legal Department, Room 4312, No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province, China.
If you are located outside mainland China, you can (i) contact our DPO by sending a written request to privacy@mintegral.com. You can also contact our data protection representative in the EEA, Eurocore B.V., with address: Hullenbergweg 278, 1101BV Amsterdam.
Contact Mintegral
boost your mobile growth
如您是中国大陆用户，请点击按钮切换网页站点，以获得更好的浏览体验
确定
By clicking “Agree”, you agree to our use of tools to send you marketing information and to record and analyse your browsing behaviors. For more details, please see "Customise Settings".
Agree
Customise Settings
Sub-policy 17
https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy:
Legal Information
Privacy Policy Hub
Privacy Policy Hub
Developer Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Developer Privacy Policy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Developer Privacy Policy
. They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them.
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology.
This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business.
Game Player and App User Privacy FAQ
These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive
Game Player and App User Privacy Policy
.They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you.
Unity Educational Products for Schools Privacy Notice
This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools.
Privacy Supplement Statement for Unity MARS Companion App
This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App.
Unity Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”)
This Data Processing Addendum (this “DPA”) is incorporated into and forms an integral part of the Unity Terms of Service. This agreement determines the rights and obligations of each party when processing personal information.
DPA Amendment for EU, UK, and Swiss SCCs
In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com.
Technical and Organisational Measures including Technical and Organisational Measure to ensure the Security of the Data
Technical and Organisational Measures (TOMs) are strategic safeguards designed to protect data security and ensure adherence to data protection regulations. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum.
Sub-Processors
Sub-processors are third-party companies that assist Unity by handling personal data on Unity's behalf. These are incorporated by reference in Unity’s
Data Protection Addendum
.
GENERATIVE AI SUPPLEMENTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools
Sub-policy 18
https://www.ogury.com/privacy/:
Menu
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Data Reinvented
Tailored Solutions & Services
Advertisers
Publishers
About Ogury
Content Center
Press
Blog
Awards
Events
Educational Videos
Case Studies
Contact Us
JA
Pub Login
Ogury Advertising Privacy Policy.
Hi,
This privacy policy set out:
What data we collect and from which sources
;
Our commitments regarding your data
;
How your data is (or is not) used by Ogury
;
How your data may be shared with third parties
;
the rights and choices you have over your data
if you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland
or
in a regulated U.S. State
, so that you can easily exercise them.
When we say “Ogury,” “we,” or “us” in this privacy policy, we mean Ogury Limited (including its subsidiaries and affiliates) that acts as the controller of your data. A controller is the entity which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data.
This notice does not cover how our partners may use your data or when we use your data on behalf of our clients as a processor (or service provider), which is explained in their own privacy policies. When you visit our corporate website
https://ogury.com/
our
Website Privacy Policy
applies.
We’ve tried to make this as easy to read as possible. Please sit back, relax and enjoy the reading. If anything is unclear, please contact us at
dpo@ogury.co
so we can assist.
Our activities
We provide digital advertising services that allow:
publishers to monetize their content by making ad space available on their digital properties available for purchase;
and brands to purchase the opportunity to show ads on digital properties visited by an audience that may be interested in their products or services.
We also offer advertising-related services to publishers and brands, including measuring and reporting on advertising performance, preventing fraud, resolving errors, and other services aimed at making the buying and selling of advertising placements seamless, efficient, and effective.
How do we do it?
Let’s begin with the foundational principle of our privacy-centric services:
we don’t know (and don’t need to know) who you are
. We don’t know your name, your postal address, your phone number, your email address, your exact location or any other information that would allow us to directly and indirectly reveal your identity.
Instead, when you visit a digital property using our services – such as your favourite gaming app – we use cookies and non-cookie technologies to distinguish your browser or app from others and assign to it a limited amount of data to serve ads that may be of interest to you.
We decide what ad you see based on our recommendation algorithms that can operate in three ways:
Contextual-based targeting
– By relying solely on our own understanding of the key audience details of a particular ad space on a given digital property, built from multiple data points and criteria, such as:
contextual information about the ad space, including characteristics of the ad space (e.g., format, size, visibility), the semantic context surrounding the ad space, the date and time of your visit, and the city where you are located;
the responses you voluntarily submit to us when completing surveys that we present in place or after advertisements on the digital property;
and aggregated data obtained from third parties (e.g., official reports and market figures).
Identifier-based targeting
– By relying on identifiers provided by brands to define specific audiences to target.
Hybrid
– By relying on identifiers provided by brands, while extending the delivery to other ad spaces that contextually match.
Data we use and its sources
Glossary
Categories of data
Description
Identifiers
Identifier of the Ogury cookies that we have assigned to the browser you use
Mobile device advertising identifiers (i.e., Apple IDFA and Google AAID)
Authentication-derived identifiers such as hashed email, probabilistic identifiers and other advertising identifiers
Any other identifiers that may be passed to us by publishers and/or brands, such as
authentication-derived identifiers (e.g.,
identifiers derived from your email address through hash function)
and others identifiers
User Choice Data
Your choices regarding your data that you expressed on a digital properties, including:
if you are located in the EEA/UK and Switzerland, a Transparency and Consent String following the
IAB EU Transparency and Consent Framework
;
if you are a resident of a regulated U.S. State, whether you opted out to the use of your information
for targeted advertising, sales, or sharing of your information
.
Device Data
Information about the browser you use (e.g., language, version, settings) or the device you use (e.g., language, version, model, operating system).
Internet Service Data
Information about your Internet service, including the IP address from which your device accesses the digital property.
Location Data
Non-precise information about your location (country, region or city), which can in particular be derived from your device’s IP address or your mobile operator.
Contextual Data
Contextual information about the ad space available on the digital property you visit, including:
information about the digital property (e.g., URL, app name);
characteristics of the ad space (e.g., format, size, visibility);
the semantic context surrounding the ad space;
the date and time of your visit.
Survey Data
Responses you voluntarily submit to us when completing surveys that we present in place or after advertisements on digital properties
Engagement Data
Information about your engagement with advertisements we served, including:
whether the advertisement is viewed;
whether you clicked on the ad.
Post-Click Data
Information about your interaction with the brand’s digital property after clicking on the ad, including:
whether you view, click or scroll the brand’s digital property;
how long you browse the brand’s digital property;
whether you made a purchase for any product or service that was the subject of the ad.
Third Party Data
Information received from third parties, such as our data providers, who assist us in delivering our services. This information may be combined, merged, or used to enhance the data we collect from publishers.
Data from publishers
We collect the following categories of data from publishers’ digital properties using our services (please refer to the glossary above for further information):
Identifiers
User Choice Data
Device Data
Internet Service Data
Location Data
Contextual Data
Survey Data
Engagement Data
Data from brands
When you click on an ad we serve to you and land on a brand’s digital property, we may collect the following categories of data, provided that the brand decided to integrate our cookie or non-cookie technologies (please refer to the glossary above for further information):
User Choice Data
Device Data
Internet Service Data
Interaction Data
Data from third parties
We collaborate with various third parties in the context of the provision of our services, which independently gather and may provide Third Party Data  to us (please refer to the glossary above for further information). As an example, we may receive non-precise information about your location (country, region or city) from third parties.
Our commitments regarding data we use
We don’t know (and don’t need to know) who you are
– Our services are designed to prevent us from using any data that would directly and indirectly reveal your identity, such as your name, your postal address, your phone number, your email address, or your exact location. However, data we use (see section
Data we use and its sources
) is qualified as personal data by applicable privacy laws and regulations and we take the utmost care to protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your data.
No knowledge about your precise location
– We don’t use any precise location data.
No sensitive data
– We don’t use any information that would be considered sensitive, special, or similar under applicable privacy laws and regulations, such as information revealing your political opinions or religious beliefs, information concerning your sexual orientation, or health-related information.
No child data
– We don’t use any personal data that we know relates to children under the age of 16 years or under the age required for parental consent as determined by any applicable jurisdiction, whichever is older.
No user profiling
– We don’t analyse your data to make predictions or assessments about your likely personal preferences, behaviour, or any other relevant traits or serve ads to you based on this information. However, we may pass data to t
hird party advertising platforms
that use it in accordance with their own privacy policies.
Use of data
Data is used for the following purposes:
Purposes of use
Examples/Description
User Data we use
Facilitating and delivering contextual ads, based on Personas
Delivering ads that may be of interest to you based solely on the content or context of the digital property you visit, and preventing ads from being served in an unsuitable (brand-unsafe) context
Identifiers
User Choice Data
Device Data
Internet Service Data
Location Data
Contextual Data
Third Party Data
Facilitating and delivering targeted ads, based on Identifiers
Delivering ads to a specific audience defined by identifiers
Identifiers
User Choice Data
Device Data
Internet Service Data
Location Data
Contextual Data
Third Party Data
Limiting the number of times you see an ad
Preventing you from seeing the same ad too many times
Identifiers
Engagement Data
Measuring the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Assessing ads and ad campaigns performance by tracking metrics such as your engagement with ads and your interaction with our clients’ digital properties resulting from ads
Identifiers
Browsing Data
Post-Click Data
Engagement Data
Ensuring security, preventing malicious or fraudulent activity, monitoring of our systems, debugging
Protecting publishers, brands and us from fraudulent behaviour,  identify invalid ad impressions and interaction with ads, and more generally ensuring the security of the Platform
Internet Service Data
Creating and enhancing Personas
Building and constantly enhancing aggregate insights about the interests and behaviour of the audiences who visits digital properties
Identifiers
Contextual Data
Internet Service Data
Location Data
Survey Data
Third Party Data
ID syncs
Synchronising identifiers from all the third party advertising platforms we work with, so that they can identify you, and be able to apply their delivery rules
Identifiers
Reporting on ad campaigns and monetization
Providing publishers and brands with aggregated information and reports about performance of ads, ad campaigns and the services
Post-Click Data
Interaction Data
Developing and improving Ogury products and services
Improving products and services and building new products and services
Identifiers
User Choice Data
Device Data
Internet Service Data
Location Data
Contextual Data
Survey Data
Engagement Data
Post-Click Data
Third Party Data
How we disclose data
We are committed to apply appropriate measures to ensure that any disclosure of data complies with applicable privacy laws and regulations and your choices, while prioritising the protection of
your privacy and the confidentiality of your data.
Data may be disclosed to the following categories of third parties:
Publishers and brands
– We may disclose aggregated data derived from your data, such as aggregate reporting about monetization performance or ad campaigns performance, to publishers and brands to help them understand the performance of our services. Such aggregated reporting does not contain any information that could be deemed personal under applicable privacy laws and regulations.
Third party advertising platforms
– We may disclose your data to third party advertising platforms to allow them to bid on and fill ad spaces on digital properties with their own ad campaigns.
Click
here
to view the list of third party advertising platforms we work with.
Brands’ partners
– Some brands may request that we disclose your data to their own partners through the ads we serve for advertising-related purposes, such as measuring the effectiveness of their campaigns.
Vendors, and other service providers
– We may disclose your data to third-party service providers, vendors, contractors, or agents so that they can perform functions on our behalf and provide services necessary to the operation of the business, such as data hosting and fraud prevention.
Subsidiaries and affiliates
– We may disclose your data to our subsidiaries and affiliates when necessary for the purposes described in this policy.
Any third party for legal, regulatory, judicial or administrative purposes
– We may also disclose your data when we deem it necessary or appropriate for the following reasons: (i) to comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations; (ii) in response to subpoenas, warrants, or other legal processes; (iii) when required by public and government authorities; (iv) to enforce our terms and conditions; (v) when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or those of our affiliates and subsidiaries; and (vi) to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims.
Any third party for business transfer purposes
– W
e may transfer your personal data in connection with an actual or proposed successor entity in the event of a corporate merger, consolidation, sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate restructuring.
Data retention
We retain your data for the period necessary to fulfil the original purpose(s) for which it was collected, as outlined in this privacy policy. Typically, your data is kept in our systems for up to
13 months
upon collection, then automatically deleted or aggregated.
We may retain that information, in an aggregated format, indefinitely. In such cases, we commit to not re-identifying the information.
Industry self-regulation for online interest-based advertising
Ogury is not a member of the self-regulatory organisations, such as the
Network Advertising Initiative
(“NAI”), the
Digital Advertising Alliance
(“DAA”), the
European Digital Advertising Alliance
(“EDAA”) and the
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada
(“DAAC”), that develop industry self-regulatory principles and standards for online behavioural advertising.
However, you can use the following platforms provided by these self-regulatory organisations to quickly and easily opt out of receiving online behavioural advertising from a range of companies participating to their initiatives, including third party advertising platforms to whom we may share your data:
NAI’s platform
DAA’s platform
EDAA’s platform
DAAC’s platform
Additional information for individuals in the EEA/UK and Switzerland
If you are an individual located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, these additional disclosures below apply to you.
Endorsement of industry best practices
We support industry initiatives for
greater transparency and user control over the use of data for advertising purposes. This is the reason why we participate in the
IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
(“
IAB EU TCF
”), comply to
IAB EU TCF’s Specifications and Policies
, and only deliver advertisements in digital properties that deployed an IAB EU TCF-compliant consent and management platform. Ogury’s identification number within the IAB EU TCF is 31.
Legal basis for processing your personal data
Our legal basis for collecting and using your data, as outlined in this privacy policy, is
the consent you expressed in digital properties using our services
, depending on the source of your data. This means we don’t deliver ads to you unless you have explicitly agreed to receive them.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions provided below.
Your privacy rights
You have the following rights over your personal data:
The right to withdraw your consent
– You have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw the consent you gave to the processing of your data by Ogury.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to rectify inaccurate data or have incomplete data be completed.
The right to be forgotten
– You have the right to request the deletion of your data we may hold.
The right to restriction of processing
– Under certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict processing of your data.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to ask that we transfer the data you gave us to another organisation, or to you, in certain circumstances.
The right of access
– You have the right to obtain a copy of all your personal data we may hold.
The right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority
about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are
here
and the UK
here
.
To exercise one of these privacy rights, please consult our
User Choice Portal
. Don’t worry, we will not discriminate against you for doing so.
Data transfer outside the EU/EEA
During the delivery of our services, your data may be transferred to, and processed by us, our service providers and/or partners, in countries outside the EU/EEA that are subject to different standards of data protection which may not provide the same level of protection as your jurisdiction. In such cases, when these countries do not benefit from an adequacy decision under the Article 45 of the GDPR, we take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of data are in accordance with applicable privacy laws and regulations, such as relying on the EU-US Data-Privacy Framework or requiring the recipient to comply with the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Additional information for residents of regulated U.S States
Certain states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Utah, and Virginia, have enacted consumer privacy laws that grant their residents certain rights and require specific disclosures (“
State Privacy Laws
”). If you are a resident of one of these states, this section applies to you. This section also serves as our California Notice at Collection.
This Policy explains
how we collect (including the sources of collection) and use
,
disclose
, and
retain
information about you in connection with the Platform, including our activities that constitute targeted advertising, sharing, and sales of personal data as such terms are defined under State Privacy Laws. As required by certain State Privacy Laws, below we use a table to explain this same information, including the categories of personal data we collect, the types of entities to which we disclose it, and the ways we use each category of data. The table explains our practices today and over the preceding 12 months.
Category of Personal Information
(Please see above for details of data types we collect within each category)
Identifiers
(including from the Ogury cookies and identifiers publishers and third party advertising platforms pass to us, such as a mobile device advertising identifiers)
Internet and electronic network activity data
(including Browser and Device Data, Internet Service Data, Browsing Data, Engagement Data, Landing Data)
Location Data
(non-precise)
User Choice Data
(such as whether you have opted out)
Survey Data
(responses to surveys we offer)
Categories of Recipients
We may disclose personal information to
Publishers and brands
Third party advertising platforms
(
click
here
to view the list of
third party advertising platforms we work with
)
Brands’ partners
Vendors, and other service providers
Subsidiaries and affiliates
Any third party for legal, regulatory, judicial or administrative purposes
Any third pa
rty for business transfer purposes
Uses
We use personal information to
Facilitate and deliver contextual ads, based on Personas
Facilitating and delivering targeted ads, based on Identifiers
Limit the number of times you see an ad
Measure the effectiveness of ads and ad campaigns
Ensure security, prevent malicious or fraudulent activity, monitor our systems, debug
Creating and enhancing Personas
ID syncs
Report on ad campaigns and monetization
Develop and improve Ogury products and services
We generally do not collect information that is considered “sensitive” under State Privacy Laws
Your Rights
Your Opt-Out Rights
Certain disclosures described in the table above, in particular to advertising technology partners, may sometimes constitute a sale or sharing, or the use of personal data for targeted advertising as defined under State Privacy Laws.
You may opt out of these activities by following the steps on our
User Choice Portal
. Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device. If you live in California or Colorado, you may also opt out by visiting our websites with a legally recognized universal opt-out signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control.
We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16, or the permitted legal age, where older.
Your Other Rights
Access, Correction, and Deletion
You have the right to (1) request to know more about and access your personal data, including in a portable format, (2) request deletion of your personal data, and (3) request correction of inaccurate personal data.
You may exercise your rights by:
following the steps on our
User Choice Portal
; or
calling us toll-free on +1 (855) 590-4158.
Non-discrimination
As is your right, we will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights.
Appeals
If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at
dpo@ogury.co
. If you have concerns about the result of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside.
Authorized Agents
If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request to opt out of sales, sharing, or targeted advertising on behalf of a consumer, please email us at
dpo@ogury.co
.
If you reside in California, you may also designate an authorized agent to submit an access, deletion, or correction request on your behalf. We may ask authorized agents to submit proof of their authority to make a request, such as a valid power of attorney or proof that they have signed permission from the consumer who is the subject of the request. In some cases, we may contact the individual who is the subject of the request to verify their own identity or confirm the authorized agent has permission to submit the request. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make an access, correction, or deletion request on behalf of a California resident, please email us at
dpo@ogury.co
.
Annual Request Statistics
During the period January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, we received the following number of requests from individuals in the United States:
Requests to know from individuals: 0 requests.
Requests to delete from individuals: 0 requests.
Requests to opt out from individuals: 0 requests.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact Ogury’s Data Protection Officer:
by email at
dpo@ogury.co
, or
by mail using the details provided below:
Ogury Limited
–
3rd Floor, Classic House, 174-180 Old Street – London EC1V 9BP
If you are based in the EEA, you can also contact our EEA representative by mail using the details provided below:
Ogury France
–
52 rue de Dunkerque – 75009 Paris – France
Changes to this Policy
We review and update this privacy policy periodically in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. The date of its most recent revision is January 14th, 2025. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will post the updated version on our website and may take additional steps to notify you before the changes take effect.
Cookie Settings
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our
98
partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
Reject All
I Accept
Show Purposes
Your Privacy
Targeting Cookies
Performance Cookies
Functional Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Store and/or access information on a device
70 partners can use this purpose
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
89 partners can use this purpose
Ensure security, prevent and detect fraud, and fix errors
53 partners can use this special purpose
Deliver and present advertising and content
62 partners can use this special purpose
Match and combine data from other data sources
42 partners can use this feature
Link different devices
29 partners can use this feature
Identify devices based on information transmitted automatically
55 partners can use this feature
Your Privacy
We process your data to deliver content or advertisements and measure the delivery of such content or advertisements to extract insights about our website. We share this information with our partners on the basis of consent. You may exercise your right to consent, based on a specific purpose below or at a partner level in the link under each purpose. These choices will be signaled to our vendors participating in the Transparency and Consent Framework.
More information
List of IAB Vendors‎
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Store and/or access information on a device
Cookies, device or similar online identifiers (e.g. login-based identifiers, randomly assigned identifiers, network based identifiers) together with other information (e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported technologies etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes presented here.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Use limited data to select advertising
77 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on limited data, such as the website or app you are using, your non-precise location, your device type or which content you are (or have been) interacting with (for example, to limit the number of times an ad is presented to you).
View Illustrations
Create profiles for personalised advertising
54 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service (such as forms you submit, content you look at) can be stored and combined with other information about you (for example, information from your previous activity on this service and other websites or apps) or similar users. This is then used to build or improve a profile about you (that might include possible interests and personal aspects). Your profile can be used (also later) to present advertising that appears more relevant based on your possible interests by this and other entities.
View Illustrations
Use profiles to select personalised advertising
55 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Advertising presented to you on this service can be based on your advertising profiles, which can reflect your activity on this service or other websites or apps (like the forms you submit, content you look at), possible interests and personal aspects.
View Illustrations
Measure advertising performance
85 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it led you to buy a product or visit a website, etc. This is very helpful to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.
View Illustrations
Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources
53 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, market research, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising or (non-advertising) content to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents).
View Illustrations
Develop and improve services
59 partners can use this purpose
Switch Label
Information about your activity on this service, such as your interaction with ads or content, can be very helpful to improve products and services and to build new products and services based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles and identifiers.
View Illustrations
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your data can be used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. It can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of content and ads and in your interaction with them.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Certain information (like an IP address or device capabilities) is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the content or advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the content or ad to your device.
List of IAB Vendors‎
| View Illustrations
Always Active
Information about your activity on this service may be matched and combined with other information relating to you and originating from various sources (for instance your activity on a separate online service, your use of a loyalty card in-store, or your answers to a survey), in support of the purposes explained in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
In support of the purposes explained in this notice, your device might be considered as likely linked to other devices that belong to you or your household (for instance because you are logged in to the same service on both your phone and your computer, or because you may use the same Internet connection on both devices).
List of IAB Vendors‎
Always Active
Your device might be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends when accessing the Internet (for instance, the IP address of your Internet connection or the type of browser you are using) in support of the purposes exposed in this notice.
List of IAB Vendors‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Filter Button
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Sub-policy 19
https://dev.tapjoy.com/faq/tapjoy-privacy-policy/:
This page isn’t working
dev.tapjoy.com
redirected you too many times.
Try deleting your cookies
.
ERR_TOO_MANY_REDIRECTS
Reload
dev.tapjoy.com
redirected you too many times.
Sub-policy 20
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/opt-out/:
Error
404
Page Not Found
Please check the URL for proper spelling and capitalization. If you're having trouble locating a destination, try visiting the:
Home Page
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 21
http://www.adcolony.com/privacy-policy/:
Notice at Collection and Website
Privacy Policy
Last Updated
: October 2023.
We at Digital Turbine, Inc. (“
Digital Turbine
,” “
we
,” “
us,
” or “
our
”) put great efforts into making sure that we secure personal information related to you and use it properly.
The notice at collection (“
Notice at Collection
”) and privacy policy (“
Policy
,” and collectively: the “
Notices
”) provided on this page explain our privacy practices for processing personal information related to you when you use our website at
www.digitalturbine.com
(the “
Website
”).
The term “
personal information
” refers to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual consumer or household that identifies an individual or relates to an identifiable individual. For example, personal information is your name, email address, telephone number, and other contact details that you submit to us or that we collect from your mobile device or app.
These Notices apply to visitors to our Website (“
Customers
”).
The summary of this policy will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. Please take the time to read our full policy. If you disagree with this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use our Website.
The Policy Summary below will give you a quick and clear view of our practices. The first six headings in the summary also serve as the Notice at Collection.
Notice at Collection and Summary of the Policy
Categories of personal information you provide us.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. If you register for our newsletter blog or fill out any form on our Website, we will collect your name, company name, and work email address.
Read More
Categories of personal information that we collect
We automatically log ‘traffic/session’ information, including IP addresses and user agents. We collect session durations and additional activity information.
Read More below
Categories of sensitive personal information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws), we do not knowingly collect such data, and we require that you do not provide us with such data.
Read More below
What do we do with personal information?
We maintain the Website, make it better and continue developing it, and protect us and the Website from misuse and law violations.
Read More below
Who do we disclose, share, or sell personal information with or to?
We use service providers, for example, to send email messages and to store data. We will transfer personal information when we change our corporate structure and share the information with our affiliate entities. We will also obey authorities’ orders and other lawful requirements to disclose information.
Read More below
How long do we retain personal information?
We retain personal information for the length of time required to provide the Website and/or the newsletter or blog to the extent you signed up to either one and for legitimate and lawful purposes, as further explained in the
data retention section
of this policy.
Read More below
Your choices and rights
General:
We will give you various choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices. You can stop using the Website, newsletter, or blog at any time or request that your subscription be terminated, following which we will stop collecting personal information related to you. You also have rights under applicable laws, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
US Laws:
In addition to your rights under other sections of the Policy, if you are a United States resident, you have additional rights applicable to processing personal information related to you, as further detailed in the Policy.
Read More below
Exercising your rights
You can terminate your subscription to our newsletter or blog or request that your account be terminated by contacting us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirming the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
You can request to exercise any of the rights detailed under this policy by contacting us.
Suppose you are a resident of the United States. In that case, you can also exercise your rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you by visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Aggregated and analytical information.
Aggregated data is not identifiable. We use it for legitimate business purposes and standard analytical tools.
Read More below
Specific provisions for U.S. residents
Suppose you reside in the United States (U.S.). In that case, further terms apply to our processing about your rights as a data subject under U.S. state laws governing the protection of privacy and personal information, for example, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2022 (CPRA).
Read More below
Transfer of Personal information outside your territory
We keep personal information related to you in the United States and will store it at additional sites at our discretion. Our service providers provide us with adequate security and confidentiality commitments.
Read More below
Cookies and other tracking technologies
We use cookies to make it easier to log in and facilitate any website activity.
Read More below
Information Security
We implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information.
Read More below
Dispute Resolution
Contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write us for every request and complaint. We will make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Read More below
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will update our policy from time to time after giving proper notice.
Read More below
Incorporation of the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine’s
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other Digital Turbine service subscription agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us.
Read More below
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to contact us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
for further information.
Read More below
The Digital Turbine Website Privacy Policy
Categories of Personal Information That You Provide Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. For example, when you contact us via the Website, we receive any information you provide.
When you contact us to apply for a job with us, you provide us with personal information related to you, which we process for recruitment and general HR purposes.
Categories of Personal Information That We Collect
Like many websites, we use “cookies” (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
), and we obtain information when your browser accesses our Website.
We also receive information about your online activity from third-party analytics services when you use the Website. For more information, please see this policy’s “Aggregated and Analytical Information” section.
Examples of such information we collect and analyze include the Internet Protocol (IP) address, login, e-mail address, device and connection information such as browser type, version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.
What Do We Do with Personal Information?
We use personal information related to you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the Website, newsletter, or blog you may have registered to or to contact you if you filled out a form requesting us to do so;
to provide you with notifications related to your use of the Website, such as electronic newsletters, blogs, or promotional emails;
to solicit your feedback and provide support;
to maintain the Website and to continue developing and making it better;
We obey the law and expect you to do the same. If necessary, we will use personal information related to you to enforce our terms, policies, and legal agreements, to comply with court orders and warrants, and assist law enforcement agencies, to collect debts, prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts and any other misuse of our Website, and to take any action in any legal dispute and proceeding.
We commit to process personal information related to you solely for the purposes described in this policy.
Who do we Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information related to you with?
We do not sell, rent, or lease personal information related to you.
Personal information related to you is shared with certain employees, external consultants, and our affiliates, who are all governed by this Policy.
We also share personal information related to you with our vendors worldwide and third-party service providers that process your personal information on our behalf. Such vendors and service providers are contractually bound to keep personal information related to you confidential and appropriately secure.
A merger, acquisition, or any other structural change will require us to transfer personal information related to you to another entity as part of the structural change, provided that the receiving entity will comply with this policy.
We will share personal information related to you only subject to the terms of this policy or subject to your prior consent.
We will need to disclose personal information related to you in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How__Long
How Long Do We Retain Personal Information?
We retain different types of personal information related to you for different periods, depending on the purposes for processing the information, our legitimate business purposes, and pursuant to legal requirements under applicable law.
We will maintain your contact details to help us stay in contact with you. You can contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
and request to delete your contact details. Note that we will keep your details without using them if necessary and for the necessary period of time for legal requirements and proceedings.
We will retain personal information related to you after you have left our Website if retention is reasonably necessary to resolve disputes between our users, to prevent fraud and abuse, or to enforce this Privacy Policy and our
Terms of Use
. We will keep aggregated non-identifiable information without limitation, and to the extent reasonable, we will delete or de-identify potentially identifiable information when we no longer need to process the information.
In any case, we will keep information about you for as long as you use our Website unless applicable law requires us to delete it or if we decide to remove it at our discretion, according to the terms of this policy and our
Terms of Use
.
Your Choices and Rights
General
‍
The section below applies to all Users, regardless of which laws apply to processing personal information related to them.
We will give you choices about how we use and share personal information related to you, and we will respect your choices.
We will send newsletters or promotional communications to our users. To unsubscribe to these communications, you must click an “Unsubscribe” link in these emails and confirm the email address for which you would like to unsubscribe.
We collect and receive personal information related to you that we need for the purposes described in this policy. You can stop using our Website at any time; thereafter, we will stop collecting personal information related to you. However, as detailed above, we will store and continue to use or make available certain personal information related to you.
You may request that your account be terminated and that personal information related to you be deleted by contacting us. Any termination of your account will involve deleting your account information from our live databases and storing all the information and data for such an account.
You may request a copy of the personal information related to you that we store about you by contacting us. You may also request that we transfer personal information related to you or provide you with copies of such personal information to enable its transfer to a third party.
When we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. Although we will deactivate your account, we will continue to retain the personal information related to you for legitimate business purposes as set forth above.
Web browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“
DNT
”) signal. A DNT signal is an HTTP header field indicating your preference for tracking your activities on our Website or through cross-site user tracking. Our Website does not respond to DNT signals.
Additional Rights Applicable to United States Residents
In addition to your rights under the general section above, if you are a resident of the United States (“
US
”), you are also entitled to the following specific rights under federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of personal information and Privacy (“
US Privacy Laws
”), regarding personal information related to you:
Access and Data Portability
. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of personal information related to you over the past 12 months. Upon verification of your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information;
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties with whom we disclosed that particular category of personal information;
The specific pieces of personal information that we collected about you;
Suppose we disclose personal information related to you for a business purpose. In that case, we will provide you with a list identifying the personal information categories each recipient obtained.
Correction
. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Deletion
. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information related to you. Upon confirmation of your request, we will delete personal information related to you from our records unless an exception applies. Note that when we delete personal information related to you that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases. Still, we will keep a reasonable number of copies in our archives. We will continue to retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, as set forth under the section titled
“Specific Provisions for US Residents”
in this policy.
Opt-out of Selling or Sharing
. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information related to you or otherwise the use of such data for targeted advertising or profiling for the purpose of making decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. As detailed above, we do not sell or share personal information. Still, we do engage third parties that collect personal information on our Website to provide us with services that, although they do not pay us for collecting information, the right granted to them may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing. You can opt out of such processing at any time by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
.
Non-discrimination
. You also have a right not to be discriminated against for exercising your rights under US Privacy Laws.
Exercising Your Rights
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to personal information related to you, please send us an email to
privacy@digitalturbine.com
.
You can stop using the Website at any time.
You may also control what personal information we collect from your device by changing the permissions settings on your browser or mobile device.
You may request to exercise the rights detailed under this section by submitting your request to us by emailing
privacy@digitalturbine.com.
Note that only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf may make a request related to personal information related to you. A request for access can be made by you only twice within a 12-month period.
Also note that your request must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to understand, evaluate, and respond to it properly.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with the requested personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information related to you. We will only use the personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will do our best to respond to your request within 30 days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 30 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of your request. Our response will also explain why we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If the request warrants a fee, we will inform you of the reasons for such a decision and provide a cost estimate before completing your request.
We will not require that you create an account to exercise your rights under this Policy, and we will not increase the cost or decrease the availability of our Website based solely on the fact that you have chosen to exercise one of your rights.
After receiving our reply, you can appeal against our decision by contacting us. We will review your appeal and provide you with our answer and our explanation of the reasons for our decision(s) within 60 days of receiving it. We will also provide you with a link (to the extent available) where you can submit a complaint with the relevant Attorney General or Supervisory Authority, as applicable.
Aggregated and Analytical Information
We use standard analytics tools. The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies, and they use their own cookies to provide their service (for further information about cookies, please see our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
).
We use the standard analytics tools of Google Analytics, and we will use additional or other analytics tools from time to time to learn how you and other users use our Website to support its related activities and operations.
The privacy practices of these tools are subject to their own privacy policies. See Google Analytics Privacy Policy at
Privacy Policy – Privacy & Terms – Google
.
We use anonymous, statistical, or aggregated information and will share it with our partners for legitimate business purposes. It has no effect on your privacy because there is no reasonable way to extract data from the aggregated information that we or others can associate specifically with you.
Specific Provisions for United States Residents
This section applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the US.
Any terms defined under US Privacy Laws have the same meaning when used in this section.
Additionally, as used under this section and the rest of this Policy, personal information is defined under applicable US Privacy Laws.
This chapter supersedes any contradicting provisions under the other sections of this policy.
We have collected the personal information related to you described above under the sections titled “
Categories of Personal Information You Provide Us
” and “
Categories of Personal Information that We Collect
” of this Policy. Such Information consists of the following categories:
Identifiers and personal information categories are listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Website.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Geolocation data, namely your physical location or movements.
Inferences are drawn from any of the above-mentioned information.
We obtain the categories of personal information related to you listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly and indirectly from you and your activity on the Website.
Third parties such as reliable service providers.
We use the personal information related to you that we collect or receive for the purposes mentioned under the section “
What Do We Do With Personal Information
?” of this Policy.
We disclose personal information related to you to third parties for business purposes as described above under the section titled “
Who Do We Disclose, Share, or Sell Personal Information With?
”.
We do not sell personal information related to you.
Categories of Sensitive Personal Information
The Website is not intended to collect sensitive personal information (within the meaning of US Privacy Laws). We do not knowingly collect or allow others to collect sensitive personal information about you, and we require you not to provide us with any such data.
Selling and Sharing Personal Information
We do not sell or share personal information. However, we engage third parties to provide services such as analytics, marketing automation, and user experience and allow them to collect personal information on our Website.
We do not knowingly sell or share consumers’ personal information of children under 16 years of age.
The categories of personal information collected by these third parties in the preceding 12 months include identifiers, online activities, and inferences drawn from such activities.
These third parties do not pay us for collecting such information. Still, the right granted to them to collect personal information may be considered as disclosure for the purpose of sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising. At any time, you can opt out of collecting personal information from our service providers by contacting us or visiting our
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Information
page.
Storing of Personal Information in the United States
In the United States, we store and process information from our Website, including personal information, either directly or using third parties, such as data hosting service providers. Digital Turbine has data centers in the United States.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to ensure our Website is continuously improved and meets your needs. Please view our
Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies Policy
for more information on our use of cookies.
Information Security
Digital Turbine is committed to ensuring the security of personal information. We and our hosting services implement systems, applications, and procedures to secure personal information related to you to minimize the risks of theft, damage, loss of information, or unauthorized access or use of information. These measures provide sound industry-standard security.
However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable. Although we make efforts to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee that the Website will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse.
Dispute Resolution
We do periodical assessments of our data processing and privacy practices to ensure that we comply with this policy, update the policy when we believe that we need to, and verify that we display the policy properly and in an accessible manner. If you have any concerns about how we process personal information related to you, you are welcome to contact our privacy team at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
or write to us.
We will look into your query and make good-faith efforts to resolve any existing or potential dispute with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we will update this policy. If the updates have minor, if any, consequences, they will take effect 14 days after we post a notice on the Website. Substantial changes will be effective 30 days after we initially posted the notice.
Until the new policy takes effect, if it materially reduces the protection of your privacy right under the then-existing policy, you can choose not to accept it and stop using our Website. Continuing to use the Website after the new policy takes effect means that you agree to the new policy. Note that if we need to adapt the policy to legal requirements, the new policy will become effective immediately or as required by law.
Incorporation to the Terms of Use
This policy is an integral part of the Digital Turbine
Terms of Use
or, if applicable, of any other service agreement between you (or the entity you are acting on its behalf) and us or any of our corporate affiliates.
Contact Us
Don’t hesitate to get in touch with us at
privacy@digitalturbine.com
ShareThis Copy and Paste
Sub-policy 22
http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/:
We use necessary and (optional) analytics cookies on our websites to analyze traffic and personalize content. You can read our
cookie policy
to understand how we use cookies. You may press 'decline' if you do not want us to use optional cookies. We will set a cookie on your device to remember and honor your preference.
Accept
Decline
We use third-party cookies to measure website performance, analytics, personalize content and ads for you. Read our
cookie policy
for more details.
Decline
Customize
Accept All
General
Content Guidelines Advertisers
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
COPPA
Security
Trust and Safety
Opt-Out
Publisher Policy
InMobi CMP Terms of Service
Content Guidelines Publishers
InMobi Sanctions Compliance
GDPR
Privacy Policy for EEA
Data Subject / Consumer Request Policy
Privacy Policy
English
English
Spanish
Portuguese
Bahasa
Japanese
Chinese
LAST UPDATED: FEBRUARY 2024
EFFECTIVE: FEBRUARY 2024
1. INTRODUCTION
InMobi runs a marketing platform solution which provides advertising and monetization services/products (whether owned or through its partners) to marketers and supply partners including through digital media, sites, surveys, owned or operated application(s)/widgets, exchange(s) for demand/supply, marketing automation solutions and other services, such as, fraud detection, reporting, audiences, attribution, analytics, modelling, segments, measurement (“Marketing Platform”).
2. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
2.1 APPLICABILITY
This Privacy Policy explains how InMobi collects, uses and shares information from individuals that interact with its services, offering or platforms comprising its Marketing Platform (“Marketing Platform Services”) and its website, respectively. (“InMobi” means InMobi Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries). InMobi is the controller for the personal information we process, unless otherwise stated. InMobi Pte. Ltd. is an NAI (Network Advertising Initiative) member, and we adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct.
2.2 NON-APPLICABILITY
InMobi may offer independent mobile applications, web content services, lock-screen platforms, social entertainment platform(s), widgets, and/or other software features to consumers through smart devices which may be preloaded on the devices, downloadable, hosted on web or made available through other digital media (“Consumer Offering”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection by or processing practices of each of the foregoing services, respectively. If you are a consumer of any such Consumer Offering, the applicable privacy policy should be available to you through such services. Please refer to the respective privacy policies of each Consumer Offering for a description of its data collection and data use practices.
To the extent that foregoing Consumer Offering promotes any interest-based advertising using the Marketing Platform Services, the terms of this policy would apply to the data processing practices for such Marketing Platform Services.
Marketing Platform Services and Consumer Offering are collectively referred to as “Services”.
3. INMOBI MARKETING PLATFORM SERVICES
InMobi engages with third party site/app publishers and app developers to serve ads on their digital properties on behalf of its demand side advertising partners through various channels of advertising solutions including exchanges, network, off-network etc. InMobi may also serve ads on Consumer Offerings. InMobi also engages in campaign planning, measurement (e.g. whether an advertisement was viewed, its timestamp etc.) and attribution of advertisements, whether by itself or through third party measurement partners.
InMobi provides Marketing Platform Services, including optimization of advertising campaigns, data analytics/enrichment, segment creation, user acquisition, re-engagement, remarketing or retargeting through various digital advertising channels. InMobi receives data into its Marketing Platform from various sources, including end user information collected by our systems, applications/offerings, partners, data/cookie vendors or customers (“Sources”), which may include third party apps, sites and services that you use. Please refer to the privacy policies of the apps, sites, and services you use to understand how those apps, sites and services collect, use, and share data from your interactions with them. InMobi is not responsible for how those third-party apps, sites and services collect and use data.
4. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
When you view an advertisement distributed through InMobi on a site, app or other digital media, we may collect information on your device and your interaction with the advertisement. This information enables us to serve advertisements to you, improve our Services including to recognize your device when you use other sites and applications that have partnered with us. InMobi may also collect information about you when you elect to interact with our surveys or opinion-based applications. Information we may collect includes:
(a) Device identifiers. Device identifiers are alphanumeric strings that are unique to your device. These include:
iOS devices’ Identifier for Advertising (IDFA) and iOS Identifier for Vendors (IDFV)
Google Advertising ID (GAID), or Android ID for Android devices
Identifier for Advertising on OTT and CTV platforms
International mobile equipment identity (IMEI), in certain jurisdiction as permitted by applicable law
Cookie IDs
(b) Location information, including:
Geo-location or precise location of your device if you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
Location information we infer based on data collected through a WiFi identifier that your device is connected to, in accordance with applicable law and provided location access is permitted
Location information we infer from your device’s IP address, provided that we will not infer location from an IP address to a more precise than city-level of accuracy unless you have given the app or site permission to collect your location information
(c) Network information, including:
Mobile carrier
Network provider or ISP
Network type (e.g., WiFi or cellular)
IP address
IDs of WiFi access points to which your device is connected
Date and time of connection
(d) Information about apps or sites and our Software Development Kit (SDK), including:
App or site name or version
App identifier
SDK version
API key identifier
Other information about/on your device, including:
Device type (e.g., make and model)
Device startup time and update time
Device name
Screen size
Memory and hard drive capacity
Operating system and version (e.g., iOS 14, Android, Windows, Blackberry)
Mobile browser used (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox)
Language settings (including country code) and time zone
App usage
Device sensor signals (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Proximity sensor, Orientation/Rotation Vector, Audio Controls Integration)
Advertisement information. We collect information about the ad presented on your device, including:
The content type of the ad (the advertiser and category, e.g. games, finance, entertainment, news)
The ad type (e.g. whether the ad is a text, image, video or other format based)
Where the ad is being served (e.g. the site, digital media or app on which the ad appears)
Whether you viewed, clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad
Survey information. We may ask users to voluntarily participate in online surveys. These surveys help brands improve their products and services offered to you. If you fill out a survey, we may collect your device information described above and information you provide, including your:
Age
Name
Email address
Phone number
Gender
Occupation and income range
Family size and other demographic information
Preference for brands, modes of travel, and other consumer choices.
Other marketing information:
In the context of our Marketing Platform Services, our customers, partners or vendors may also disclose to us certain personal or non-personal information they have separately collected about you during your interaction with their apps, sites or services so that we can effectively provide our Services. This may in the context of websites, including mobile websites, include cookies, other technologies, or other aggregated characteristics or other identifiers related to your device to understand your interaction with such site and to serve certain types of ads relevant to your interests.
These parties serve you cookies in accordance with their own specific privacy/cookie policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We do not use the information they provide to us for any purpose other than as permitted by such third parties or for providing or improving our Services.
Notably, one of our media partners is Google. Please see the link below which describes Google's collection/use of data:
How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps
We do not collect any sensitive data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health. We may show targeted advertisements to fitness enthusiasts.
5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the information that we collect about your device to:
Display advertisements on your device, which may include interest-based advertising customized to your interests, preferences, locations
For remarketing or retargeting i.e. to display relevant ads if you have previously visited/accessed/downloaded a site or mobile application that we partner with
For bidding to serve advertisements and to determine which ads are most effective
Analyze and provide our demand partners or advertisers reports on the effectiveness of advertisements and campaigns, including across different types of devices based on our determination of devices that are related to the same person. We, or third parties whom we engage to provide this service, may use cross-device data to provide interest-based advertising services and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple mobile devices including over the top applications and smart televisions
Avoid showing you the same ads too many times
Build custom audience segments to enable our customers and partners better target their advertisements and offers
Improve our Services and assist our customers and partners in improving their products and services
Detect, deter and prevent fraud, fraudulent traffic or to protect the security of our systems
We may process your survey responses and share the response data with the brands who are our customers/marketers
6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH?
InMobi may share the information we collect or receive about you as described in this Policy as follows:
Publishers and Supply Partners. We may share your information with publishers (the app or site publishers) to help them understand how users interact with their apps and sites and advertisements on their apps and sites
Demand Partners and Advertisers. We may share your information with demand partners, brands and advertisers who use our Marketing Platform, to allow them to understand the performance of their campaigns; and to help them better target their campaigns, products or offerings
Marketing Partners. We may share your information with data partners who help us with better understanding your preferences by providing data enrichment, analytics and identification services and measurement companies who help us with attribution and tracking of advertisements distributed through us (“Marketing Partners”)
Service Providers. We may share personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include: IT and related services; fraud detection, information and services; payment processors; customer service providers; and vendors to support the provision of the Services
Group. We may share personal information with the Group so that the Services of InMobi and/or the Group may be improved and otherwise to serve you and/or our customers better with all our offerings including effective content management “Group” as used in this policy, means, with respect to InMobi, its affiliates and group entities listed
here
.
Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity
Disclosures in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract<,/li>
International Data Transfers. Where applicable, we will protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. Further details can be provided upon request.
7. HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
InMobi uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the information it collects about you in compliance with its legal and privacy requirements and contractual obligations. We also seek appropriate contractual protection from our partners regarding their collection, use or treatment of user data. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure.
By using our Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on our Services, by mail or by sending an email to you.
8. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
InMobi retains information collected in the context of our Marketing Platform for a period of up to thirteen (13) months, unless otherwise required by law or applicable contract.
InMobi may retain the information it obtains about you as per the instructions of its customers or partners who provide such information or as required to fulfil our contractual obligations. In case any information is provided by you in participation of a survey or opinion-based application by InMobi, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.
After the applicable retention period, InMobi will only retain and may only use your data: (i) in an aggregated or anonymized format; (ii) to comply with its legal obligations; and (iii) to resolve disputes and enforce agreements. Please note that the use cases stated in this provision will apply as an exception to your data subject or consumer rights related requests.
9. OPTING OUT OF INTEREST BASED ADS
Opting out of interest-based advertising:
If you prefer not to receive interest-based advertising from InMobi, you can opt out at any time by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page and submitting your device ID or any other listed identifier. If you opt-out of interest-based advertising, you will still receive "generic" ads from InMobi. To opt-out of our cross-device ad targeting, you must opt-out on every device browser and device using the appropriate opt-out methods.
Opting out of surveys:
Each survey that you participate in will provide opt-out instructions, including an option to skip questions, which if elected will ensure that we do not include your device for that survey. Please note that if you opt-out of a survey you may still receive other survey requests. If we reach out to you through marketing communication modes such as emails, you will have the option to unsubscribe from such marketing communications through links provided in such emails.
Opting out of Connected TV:
If you opt-out of interest-based ads on your connected TV device, your advertising ID will not be used to build profiles or target you with interest-based ads and it is likely that you will get irrelevant ads which are not tailored to your interest. To disable interest-based ads, please use the Opt-Out on your Connected TV device as shown below.
On your device, visit Operating System (OS) Privacy Settings. Select Limit Ad Tracking (for iOS/tvOS devices), Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads (for Android devices), Limit Ad Tracking (for Roku devices), or similar setting offered by your OS. Please go through your device manufacturer’s privacy policy for more information.
You may also opt out of interest-based advertising via NAI. Please visit
Mobile Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
for opting out of interest-based ad on mobile devices and
Internet Connected TV Choices | NAI: Network Advertising Initiative
on TV.
10. PRIVACY RIGHTS
InMobi provides consumers with data subject or consumer rights as and when and to the extent required under such applicable laws.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
If you are an EEA data subject, kindly refer our EEA Privacy Policy
https://advertising.inmobi.com/privacy-policy-for-eea/
to see your data subject rights under GDPR
California:
The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information InMobi has collected about them and whether InMobi disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding 12 months. The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using personal information are set forth in “4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?” and “5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?” above, respectively. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your information are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
California residents have the right to opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. Under the CCPA, “sale” is defined broadly and includes the transfer of personal information by a business to a third party for valuable consideration (even if there is no exchange of money). InMobi may be deemed to be “selling” personal information. The categories of personal information we have “sold” and the categories of third parties we have “sold” personal information to in the preceding twelve months are listed in “6. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH?” above.
Residents of the State of California (in the United States) have the following additional privacy rights:
You have a right to exercise certain consumer rights such as request to know/ disclose/ access/ delete your data, collected in the last 12 months, by writing to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
You have the right to opt out of selling of your data by clicking on the following link:
Do not sell my data
.
Non-Discrimination.
California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us as set forth in “17. CONTACT US” below and provide written authorization signed by you and your designated agent.
Verification.
To protect your privacy, we will take steps the following steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. When you make a request, we will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative, which may include information about your device.
Additional Privacy Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia and Utah
InMobi does not “sell” your personal information. We process your personal information for the purposes of “targeted advertising” ('interest based advertising' for the purposes of this Privacy Policy) as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act and Utah Consumer Privacy Act.
Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia can opt out of interest based advertising by going to the InMobi
Opt Out
page.
InMobi does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act.
The privacy laws of your country may grant you the following additional privacy rights relating to their personal information: right to access, request correction, request deletion/anonymization/blocking, restrict/object to processing, withdraw your consent, request data portability, be informed about third parties with whom your data has been shared, and request review of decisions taken exclusively based on automated processing. To exercise these rights, please write to us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
11. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
InMobi may share your information with clients, customers, partners, the Group and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence (for example, if you are an EEA resident, we may share your information with our non-EEA clients or the Group), subject to any contractual or legal requirements. You agree that all information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world.
While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of the country in which you reside, we will take reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
12. LEAD GENERATION CAMPAIGNS
InMobi may offer form-based advertising solutions to marketers that include the collection of voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement that contains a questionnaire. Such information may consist of personal data, non-personal information or data, or both. All the information that you voluntarily provide in response to such form or questionnaire is typically forwarded directly to the relevant marketer’s servers or their landing page and in such cases will be governed by such marketer's privacy policies in place at the time of transfer.
In the event any personal data is directly processed by InMobi, you acknowledge that InMobi may be required to store such information for the period during which it continues to manage the applicable lead-generation campaign for its marketer on whose behalf the information is collected. This information may be temporarily stored by InMobi solely for running such form-based campaigns and will be used only for the purpose of optimization of such campaigns, subject to applicable legal/privacy and contractual requirements. InMobi has implemented internal safeguards to protect the temporary storage of this information and uses reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the same. InMobi has mechanisms to delete or anonymize any personal data after the said campaign is concluded or within a period thirty (30) days from the same. Pursuant to the conclusion of the applicable campaign, InMobi may retain and use your Information only to the extent necessary for it to create reports for its client, comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce agreements and no other purpose. Any non-personal information or data submitted by you may be used for improving our Services.
If you have any questions about InMobi lead generation campaigns, please contact us at:
privacy@inmobi.com
. InMobi will refer any enquiries or complaints to the relevant marketer responsible for the processing of data provided as part of lead generation campaigns.
13. COOKIES
We use cookies and beacons to help us collect some of the information we have described above. This may be done when you interact with us or our third-party partners who enable InMobi to collect data related to your interaction with their apps or sites for the purpose of serving relevant Ads to you and/or improve our services. We may also use cookies on our and our advertiser’s websites to provide website functionality and advertising to you respectively, and to save you having to provide the information you have already given us on subsequent visits to our site.
For more detailed information about the technologies we use and your ability to control those cookies, please visit our
cookie policy
. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of the third-party apps, services or sites that you directly interact with to learn how those third parties use cookies.
14. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
InMobi complies with the age-gating requirements under applicable privacy laws such as Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended (CCPA) in the U.S., Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), General law of personal data protection in Brazil and GDPR in the EEA and does not knowingly collect personal data about users of sites or apps directed to children. Please also visit our
COPPA Policy
.
15. OTHER WEBSITES
Our website and the ads we service may contain links to other websites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites as those may have different privacy policies and terms of use and are not associated with us. You agree that we cannot control these links and we shall not be responsible for any use of such websites.
16. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The amended Privacy Policy will be displayed on our site. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. Please check our Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version.
17. CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
privacy@inmobi.com
.
We have appointed a representative in the EU. You can contact them by post at Taylor Vinters Europe Limited, Clifton House, Fitzwilliam Street Lower, Dublin, D02 XT91, Ireland, or by email at
representative@taylorvinters.com
.
To check the previous version of the privacy policy, please
click here
.
First name
*
Last name
*
Email
*
Company name
*
Country
*
- Please Select -
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua & Barbuda
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asia/Pacific Region
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caribbean Netherlands
Cayman Islands
Central African Rep
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europe
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Macedonia (FYROM)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Myanmar (Burma)
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Occupied Palestinian Territory
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Palistinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Costa Rica
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Réunion
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent & the Grenadines
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia and Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts & Nevis
St Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Åland Islands
I am
*
Please Select
Ad Tech Provider
Agency
App Marketer
Brand Marketer
Game Marketer
Other
Publisher
Retailer
I am interested in
*
Please Select
Learning more about InMobi
Advertising my brand with InMobi
Advertising my app with InMobi
Monetizing my app with InMobi
Running programmatic campaigns with InMobi on behalf of my clients
Learning more about InMobi's mediation solutions
Something else
Job title
*
Anything else you'd like to tell us?
Lead Source
By checking here, you agree to receive marketing emails about our products and services. You can unsubscribe via a link in the email.
*
The information you provide will be used in accordance with the terms of our
privacy policy
.
Sub-policy 23
https://www.startapp.com/policy/privacy-policy/:
Publishers
AI Driven Monetization
Download the SDK
Advertising Solutions
Device-based audience segmentation
Curation
Maia – Mobile AI Audience
About us
Company
Career
Press
Log in
Sign up
Start.io End User Privacy Policy
Languages
Start.io End User Privacy Policy
Start.io Inc. and its Affiliates (
formerly: StartApp Inc.
; “
we
,” “
us
,” “
our
” or “
Start.io
”) respects your privacy. This privacy policy (the “
Policy
”) explains Start.io’s privacy practices with respect to your personal information throughout the entire Start.io Network, the ways your personal information and data is collected, used and shared and the rights and options available to you with respect to your personal data.
Who we are?
Start.io is a mobile advertising and data company that develops, operates and supports an advertising platform, solution and network (“
Start.io Solution
”) for the purpose of serving targeted and personalized advertisements to individuals (“
End Users
”) based on their profile.
For more information about Start.io, you may visit our website at:
www.start.io
.
Introduction with Start.io Network
.
Start.io Solution collects and processes your personal data, location and other data from several sources (such as through Start.io SDK (software development kit) embedded or integrated in variety of mobile apps, Start.io RTB (real time bidding) platform used for placement of ads on real time (RTB), supply side platforms or partners, advertisers, and other data providers; together: “
Data Sources
”).
Start.io shares or makes available such data (or part of it) with the following third parties (i) advertisers  which run their campaigns on Start.io inventory (mobile apps engaged directly with Start.io or indirectly through other advertising networks or platforms; “
Advertisers
”); (ii) advertising agencies and other business partners, which run their campaigns on Start.io inventory or on their independent inventory, and can be “processors” or “controllers” of the data (together: “
Business Partners
”); and (iii) third parties which run or operate their own data bases, solutions or platforms which may act as “controllers” of data and may use your data together with other data they process about you (“
Data Partners
”).
“
Start.io Network
” means the advertising network of Start.io which includes Data sources on the one hand and Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners on the other hand, whereby your data is collected, processed, used, made available and shared for the Purpose (as defined below).
Purpose of Data Processing
.
Your data is collected, processed, used and shared by Start.io
throughout Start.io Network
for the
purpose of serving you targeted and personalized advertisements based on your profile
; provided however that,
if we anonymize your data, we may use it for other purposes as well
(together: the “
Purpose
”).
Non-personal and/or anonymized data, is a data which neither identifies you personally nor is identifiable. Anonymization may be made by deleting, hashing or encrypting your Advertising ID (or MAID), which is your unique identifier used by us to differentiate your data from data of other users, and make it identifiable thereof.
When we share your data with third parties (Advertisers, Business Partners and/or Data Partners) we will contractually obligate them to use the data for the Purpose only, other than if they represent that they can use it for other purposes subject to your consent or other lawful basis.
Stop Receiving Advertisements; contact our support at
support@start.io
.
Please note that it is not Start.io’s decision to display ads within the mobile app you use, but the app’s developer or publisher who uses our services (directly or indirectly). However, we believe that you benefit from these apps, since in most cases, displaying Advertisements is essential for keeping publishers’ apps and services free of charge. Moreover, when app’s developer or publisher uses our services (directly or indirectly) Advertisements provided to you may be optimized and/or customized to you, which improves your experience with the app.
If you wish to stop receiving Advertisements, you should contact the app’s developer or publisher, whose details you can find on
Google Play
or
Apple App Store
, and submit your request to it. Alternatively, you may change your mobile phone settings (
IOS
/
Android
).
You may contact us at
support@start.io
and we will do our best to help you.
Opting out
.
You have the choice to opt-out from the entire Start.io Network and/or from sharing of your personal data with our Data Partners,
by clicking your preferred choice under Section 12 (
Opt-out Rights
) below
.
By opting out, your experience with Advertisements provided to you within Start.io Network will not be optimized or customized to you.
Start.io may be a controller or processor of your personal data, considering the way data is collected by or through each Data Source and its usage by us or each of our Advertisers, Business Partners or Data Partners.
You hereby agree to the use of: (a) electronic means to consent to and complete this Policy and to provide you with any notices given pursuant to this Policy; and (b) electronic records to store information related to this Policy.
Our Privacy Policy in a Glance
Section
Summary
2
Information we collect directly or indirectly from you
We will collect, process, use and share (pursuant to this Policy) the following data if available to us: your Advertising ID, Internet Protocol addresses, Location, name of app (where our SDK is installed), gender and age (if shared with or assumed by us), data of a query of installed apps, device properties, Bluetooth paired devices, device sensors, carrier, ISP, network connection details and Wi-Fi data, roaming, local time zone, language settings, your interests and behavioral data assumed from keywords shared with us.
3
Collection of your Location
We will collect, process and use your exact location (only if you provide a permission to the App where our SDK is installed or embedded). Your exact location will be added to or combined with other data we collect about you and not shared “as is” with third parties.
We will assume your location if you are connected to Wi-Fi and/or mobile network cell whose assumed location is known to us.
Your country, city and region may be available to us from your IP or other Data Sources.
4
Information we collect from your interaction with Advertisements or from Advertisers
When you interact with an Advertisement, advertising attribution and measurement will be shared with us. We may receive post click usage and/or activity within mobile apps which Advertisement leads to these apps or the app services.
5
Collection of Sensitive Information
Start.io does not require nor does it knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any Sensitive Information from or of End Users.
6
Children’s Privacy
Start.io does not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personal information from children (as they are defined under applicable law).
7
Use of your personal information for personalized, targeted Advertisements
We will use (including: sell, license or share) the information collected by or shared with us for the Purpose, i.e.: serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you based on your profile and activity.
8
Use of your information for other purposes
We will use the information collected by or shared with us for other purposes as well, such as: improve Start.io Solution, develop new services update or upgrade existing services; operate, maintain, protect and manage Start.io Solution; audit and track usage statistics and traffic flow; detect fraud in connection with Start.io Solution; enforce this Policy and prevent unlawful activities; and comply with any applicable laws.
9
Sharing Data with third parties
We may share your data (or part of it) with Advertisers, advertising networks, Business Partners and/or Data Partners; attribution partners; competent authorities; our affiliated corporate group entities; and in the event of merger, sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets or shares or other reorganization or reconstruction in our ongoing business.
10
Cookies and Data Collection by Third Party
If you open a mobile webpage from an App where our SDK is installed or embedded, we may place a cookie on your device mobile browser with your Advertising ID which will be used by us for the Purpose.
11
Non-personal and/or anonymized data
Non-personal and/or anonymized data may be collected, processed and used by us in any way.
12
Opt-Out Rights (and “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” for California end users)
You may easily opt-out of certain data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising related to Start.io Network, by sending us an email to
privacy@start.io
, and elaborating what service you choose to opt-out from.
In addition, California end users may call 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (service code: 234) to opt out.
13
Your Choices and Controls
You have the right to exercise any of the following rights, subject to and in accordance with the laws apply to you, by sending us an email to
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, which elaborates the right(s) you would like to exercise: withdraw consent; object, erasure (be forgotten), access your data, data portability.
14
Data Security
We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards.
15
Data Retention
We retain personal data we collected, in accordance and compliance with applicable laws, but in any event, we will not use your personal information for the Purpose during more than (a) 12 months for End Users in the EU or UK; or (b) 36 months for all other End Users.
16
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store or process your personal data in the United States or in other territories. Subject to the laws apply to you, your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your data.
17
California End Users – CCPA
General information for end users who are subject to CCPA.
18
Changes to The Policy
This Policy may be updated by us from time to time. The most up-to-date Policy as well as any updated to this Policy will be published and will be available in the following link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
.
19
Contact Us
You can also contact us via email at:
support@start.io
.
20
Data Protection Officer
You may contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@start.io
.
Information we collect directly or indirectly from you through our Data Sources
We will collect and process the following data (or part of it – considering the technology or integration used, the data available to us and other permissions), if you download an App, which our Start.io SDK is installed or embedded in, and/or if your data is shared with us, when we are integrated with or connected to other advertising networks, agencies or platforms (such as RTBs):
Online identifiers: Advertising ID (IDFA and/or IDFV for iOS devices and ADID for Android devices) (“
ADID
”).
Internet Protocol (“
IP
”) addresses.
Please note that, while ADID and IP address are considered as personally identifiable data in many jurisdictions (such as the EEA), there are some jurisdictions in which such data is not considered as Personal Data.
Location – as detailed in Section 3 below.
Name of App (where the SDK is installed) and its category; for non SDK: name of the mobile application through which you interact with Start.io Network.
Gender and age (whether as conclusion made by us or strictly shared with us by other Data Source)
Data of a query which asks whether certain apps are already installed in your mobile device (one-way hash representation).
Other general data: device properties (operating system, operating system version and device type), Bluetooth paired devices, device sensors (such as the accelerometer), your carrier, ISP, network connection details and Wi-Fi data, roaming, local time zone, language settings.
Start.io
SDK
is a piece of software which is integrated into or embedded in mobile apps which enable these apps’ developers, owners or operators to provide you as well as other end users with personalized Advertisements.
“
Advertisement
” or “
Ad
” means any sort of advertising materials, including text, images, video, ads, content, photo, sounds, graphics, music, logos and any other materials or content promoting the goods and services or mobile application, software, etc., provided, enabled, supported or facilitated by Start.io Network.
“
RTB
” means “real time bidding” platform or solution whereby advertising inventory is bought and sold on a per-impression basis, via programmatic instantaneous auction, which is based, in most cases, on the user’s data which is shared with the bidder (advertiser or advertising network, such as Start.io). Advertiser who wins the bid display its advertisement to that user on the bidding inventory.
Collection of your location
Your location may be available to us through any of the following instances (together: your “
Location
”):
We may collect your exact location, via your mobile phone, only if you provide permission and consent to share your location with an App, which Start.io SDK is installed or embedded in. Please note that we do not collect a real time location but your last known location which is available to our SDK. Your exact location will be added to or combined with other data we collect about you and not shared “as is” with third parties.
We may assume your location, if you are connected to a Wi-Fi whose assumed location is known to us.
Please note that we will not be able to collect your location in accordance with subsections (a) and (b) above if you cancel the permission you granted to the App(s) (which are SDK is installed or embedded in) to collect your location.
We may assume your location by collecting the data with respect to the mobile network cell which you are connected to, if the location of that cell is known to us.
Your country, city and region may be available to us from your IP collected by the SDK or other Data Sources or from other data shared with us by third parties (for example through RTB integration).
Please note that by disabling your geo-location permission to an App (through the mobile device operating system), your location may still be assumed and/or collected by us from other available sources detailed in sub-sections (b), (c) and (d).
You may opt-out of location-based services at any time by editing your device’s settings. In addition, you may opt-out from sharing your location with us by
all sources
, as detailed in Section 12 (
Opt-out Rights
) below.
Information we collect from your interaction with Advertisements or from Advertisers
When you interact with an Advertisement provided, supported or enabled by us, the advertising attribution and measurement will be shared with us by third party services (known as “attribution partners”). We will use this data for frequency cap (e.g.: if and when to present you a similar Advertisement) and advertising attribution and measurement.
In addition, mobile apps publishers, developers and/or owners, which the Advertisement leads to their mobile apps (including incentivize installation of the mobile app) and/or services may share with us your post click usage and/or activity within their mobile apps or services following your interaction with the Advertisement. Such usage and/or activity may include purchases you make (including amount), subscriptions you purchase and level progress (in games). This information will be used by us for optimizing future advertising campaigns of these mobile apps’ publishers, developers and/or owners through Start.io Network, as well for the Purpose detailed in Section 8 below.
Collection of Sensitive Information
Start.io does not require nor does it knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit any Sensitive Information from or of End Users.
The term “Sensitive Information” shall have the meaning as defined in the jurisdiction, whose privacy laws apply to you.
Please note that, the definition of the term “Sensitive Information” may be significantly different in different jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, sensitive information may include: racial, ethnic or communal origin; political affiliations or opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature; intimate affairs or sexual life; financial data, credit worthiness data, financial account, payment card number; criminal record; political parties or trade-union membership; and physical or mental health or condition, health insurance, medical and/or biometric data.
If you become aware or have any reason to believe that you were requested to provide your Sensitive Information, or that Start.io Network processed your information which is considered Sensitive Information, pursuant to the privacy laws apply to you, please contact us at
privacy@start.io
and we will take steps to ensure that such Sensitive Information will be immediately deleted from our files.
Children’s Privacy
Start.io complies with applicable legislation related to children’s privacy protection, including the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“
COPPA
”). Thus, we do not knowingly or intentionally collect or solicit personal information from children, as they are defined under applicable law, and specifically: under the age of 13 years old, if they are located in the US other than California, or under the age of 16 years old, if they are located in the EU or California (collectively: “
Child
” or “
Children
”), except as permitted under applicable law.
If we obtain actual knowledge that an End User is considered as a child under applicable law, and we processed personal information with respect to that End User (other than as permitted under applicable law) we will take immediate steps to delete his/her personal information. In addition, we request that Children will not voluntarily provide us with any personal information through Start.io Network.
If you become aware or have any reason to believe that a Child has shared any Personal Information with us, please contact us at
privacy@start.io
and we will take steps to ensure that such personal information is immediately deleted from our files, to the extent required under applicable law.
Use of your personal information for personalized, targeted Advertisements
We will use (including: sell, license or share) the information collected by or shared with us for the Purpose, i.e.: serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you based on your profile and activity.
Your profile is a probabilistic output of our analysis, assumptions and conclusions in regard of your behavior, interests and intentions, based on the information we collected by or shared with us from all Data Sources, as detailed above, and unified by us to a single database about you.
Please note that targeted and personalized Advertisements may be served to you by us on our inventory and/or by our Business Partners or Data Partners, which we share your data with. Please note that once we share your data with a third party, the data becomes subject to that third-party privacy practices.
Provided however that, your exact location and data of a query which asks whether certain apps are already installed in your mobile device will not be not shared “as is” with third parties but added to or combined with other data we collect about and may be shared as part of your profile.
The list of Business Partners or Data Partners which asked us make their privacy policy available to you is available at:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information: the legal basis for processing of your personal information for the Purpose is your consent, which may be provided by you directly to us or indirectly through third parties (such as by RTB signal or signals). Your consent to us may be general (for all data we collect, process use and/or share) or in regard of specific data shared with us in certain event(s) (such as data shared together with RTB signal or signals). We will comply with the scope of your consent provided to or shared with us.
Please note that when certain data is shared with us by a third party with a “no consent” signal (or equivalent signal), it does not affect your consent to us in general or through other signals (with a “consent” signal), nor is it considered by us as exercising your rights under section 12 (Opt-Out Rights) or section 13 (Your Choices and Controls), which has to be exercised as detailed herein.
Please refer to section 12 (Opt-Out Rights) and section 13 (Your Choices and Controls) section below for opting out from Start.io Network or exercising other rights granted to you in accordance with any applicable law.
Use of your information for other purposes
The information we collect, and which is shared with us will be used for the following additional purposes:
To improveio Solution, develop new services update or upgrade existing services and to enhance your experience with Start.io Solution.
To operate, maintain, protect and manage io Solution, and to manage other administrative and operational aspects of our Start.io Solution.
To audit and track usage statistics and traffic flow, and detect fraud in connection with io Solution.
To protect the rights or property of Start.io or third parties.
To enforce this Policy and prevent unlawful activities and misuse of Start.io Solution.
to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims.
to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party or for the purpose of collaborating with law enforcement agencies or in case we find it necessary in order to enforce intellectual property or other legal rights.
To comply with any applicable laws and assist law enforcement agencies when we have a good faith belief that our cooperation with them meets the applicable legal standards.
To take any action in any case of dispute involving you with respect to Start.io Solution.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information, the usage of your data for the above purpose is based on our legitimate interests of: (i) operating, providing, maintaining, protecting, managing, customizing and improving Start.io Solution (your ADID is not required for performing these actions); (ii) auditing and tracking usage statistics and traffic flow, detect fraud in connection with Start.io Solution and calculate payments (your personal information is not required for performing these actions); and (iii) protect the rights or property of Start.io or third parties.
Sharing Data with third parties
We may share your data (or part of it) in accordance with the following:
We will share, license, sell, transfer or make available your data (or part of it) with Advertisers, advertising networks, Business Partners and/or our Data Partners which may use it while serving you targeted and/or personalized advertisements, as detailed in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
) above, and pursuant to your consent as detailed there.
We will share ADIDs collected by us, with attribution partners for the purpose of measurement and attribution of the Advertising, which is used for calculate payments, detect invalid traffic (fraud), security or technical issues in connection with Start.io Solution.
If you have breached the terms or this Policy, abused your rights to use the App, or violated any applicable law, or in any other case of dispute, or legal proceeding of any kind involving you with respect to the App, your information may be shared with competent authorities and with any third party, as may be required.
We may share information that we collect or obtain through the App with the relevant authorities, entities or persons if we are required by law to share or disclose your information.
Personal identifiable information may be shared with, or transferred to, our affiliated corporate group entities (entities controlled by, under common control with, or controlling us, directly or indirectly; “
Affiliates
”), but their use of such information must comply with this Policy.
Upon bankruptcy, dissolution or other liquidation or insolvency events or in the event of merger, sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets or shares or other reorganization or reconstruction in our ongoing business, the information that we receive, collect or obtain, as outlined in the preceding sections, may be shared with or transferred to, that respective entity to the extent strictly necessary for continued provision of services, provided that it will undertake to be bound by the provisions of this Policy, with reasonably necessary changes taken into consideration. Upon such transfer or sharing of information, that entity will assume full and exclusive responsibility for all subsequent use and processing it makes of the information and we will be released from any liability to you, regarding the succeeding entity’s use and processing of the information by it.
In any case other than the above mentioned in this Policy, your personal identifiable information will be shared with others only if you provide your consent, as described in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
) above.
In those jurisdictions which require lawful basis for process of personal information, sharing of your data pursuant to subsection (a) is based on your consent, as described in Section 7 (
Use of your personal information
), and for other subsections is based on our legitimate interests.
Cookies and Data Collection by Third Party
If you open a mobile webpage from an App where our SDK is installed or embedded, we may place a cookie on your device mobile browser with your Advertising ID which will be used by us for the Purpose (serving targeted and personalized advertisements to you on that mobile browser) (the “
Cookie
”). When running advertising campaigns, provided, enabled or supported by us on your mobile browser, the Cookie will enable us to identify you as the user of the mobile browser and personalize you accordingly.
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your device, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your experience may be limited. For more information about cookies and your controls in this regard, you may review the following links:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/mdmf7d5714d4/web
(Safari); and
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
Non-personal and/or anonymized data
We may collect, process and use non-personal and/or anonymized data, which does not identify you personally (which includes personal data which has been further anonymized). Such non-personal and/or anonymized data may be collected, processed and used by us in any way, including by posting, disseminating, transmitting, sharing or otherwise communicating or making it available to third parties.
For example: (i) we may use your data, after deleting your ADID, for market research purpose; and (ii) Start.io’s SDK includes Open Measurement Software Development Kit by IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) for the purpose of verifying that ads were actually viewed. We do not share any personal data with IAB or through the OM SDK.
Opt-Out Rights
You may easily opt-out of certain data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising related to Start.io Network, by sending us an email to
privacy@start.io
, and elaborating what service you choose to opt-out from.
Please note that we may have to contact you, if we have to verify your identity, within fourteen (14) days from receiving your application to us. You hereby agree that we will use your email for that purpose.
We will exercise your request within thirty (30) days from receiving it or verifying your identity (as applicable).
Opting-out provides you with the choice to receive advertisements that are not targeted to you and to control the data collected on you for the purpose of displaying Advertisements. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive Advertisements from Start.io Network, but subject to your opt-out choice, such Advertising will not be personalized or targeted by us.
Your Choice
Effect of opting out
Opt-out from Start.io Network.
(i) we will (a) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID (which makes sure you cannot be identified personally); and/or (b) delete your personal data – as further described in Section 15 (
Data Retention
);
(ii) Advertisements provided or supported by Start.io Solution will not be customized to you and may be not relevant to you, which will limit your experience with Start.io Solution;
(iii) we will share your choice with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to either delete your personal data or make your data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information” – for end users who are subject to CCPA
we will not share your personal information with our customers, such as: advertisers, DSPs and Data Partners. Please note that we may continue to support or enable serving of advertisements to you that do not use your personal data (i.e.: not targeted or customized to you based on your profile or personal information).
Stop sharing your location with us and with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners
(i) we will stop collecting your location in all means detailed in Section 3 of this Policy;
(ii) we will anonymize your Location data;
(iii) we will share your choice with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to either delete your location data or make your location data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
Stop sharing your data with our Data Partners; and/or
Opting-out from Data Partners
(i) we will not share your ADID with our Data Partners;
(ii) we will share your choice with our Data Partners and ask them to either delete your personal data or make your data unidentifiable by anonymizing it.
Please note, however, that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our Data Partners, and other third parties. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of our Data Partners which are available at:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Opting-out from sharing your data with our Data Partners does not constitute an opt-out from the entire Start.io Network. Therefore, your data may be still processed by Start.io, Advertisers and Business Partners of Start.io. You may choose to opt-out from the entire Start.io Network, as described above.
Opt-out from placing our cookie on your mobile browser
We will not be able to support, enable or place Advertisements customized to you on your mobile browser.
In addition, you may control how your browser responds to cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser (as detailed in the Cookie section above).
We do not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do Not Track signals, please see
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
In addition to the above, you may limit the disclosure of certain data by your mobile device to us and our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners by adjusting the settings on your mobile device.
For iOS mobile Devices
, go to “Settings” from your Device’s home screen; scroll down to “Privacy”; select “Advertising”; and turn on “Limit Ad Tracking.”;
For Android mobile Devices
, go to “Google Settings” on your Device; select “Ads”; and check the box labeled “Opt-Out of Interest-Based Ads.”
Please read your device specific information to learn more about your personal advertising preferences:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
You may also
Contact Us
and we will be happy to assist you.
Your Choices and Controls
In addition to your Opt-Out Rights (Section 12 above), you have the right to exercise any of the following rights (or their equivalent), as well as other rights granted to you, subject to and in accordance with the laws apply to you which grant you such right(s) (if any) (“
your Right
(s)”). You can exercise your Right(s) by sending us an email to
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, which elaborates the Right(s) you would like to exercise (such as: “
Consent Withdraw
”) (a “
Request
”). We may have to communicate with you in order to process your Request, including to verify your identity. By sending us a Request you hereby agree that we will communicate with you for that purpose.
Your Right
Start.io Action
A1. Consent withdraw
if the lawful basis for collection and processing of your personal information is your consent, you may withdraw your consent granted to us (directly or indirectly)
(i) we will (a) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID; or (b) delete your personal data – as described in Section 15 (
Data Retention
);
(iii) we will share your request with our Advertisers, Business Partners and Data Partners, and ask them to anonymize your data
We may contact you, if we have to verify your identity, within fourteen (14) days from receiving your Request.
We will exercise your Right within thirty (30) days from receiving your Request or verifying your identity (as applicable).
A2. Right to object
you may object to the processing of your personal data by us
A3. Right to erasure
(to be forgotten)
Right to request us to delete or remove the personal information collected by or shared with us throughout Start.io Network
B1. Right of access /
B2. data portability
Right to receive a copy of the data collected by or shared with us throughout Start.io Network and/or transfer it to third party
We will send to your email address a copy of the data collected about you in the course of using Start.io Solution. You hereby agree and authorize us to send you such email and to communicate with you in order to process your Request, including to verify your identity, if required.
We will exercise your Right within fourteen (14) days from receiving your Request or verifying your identity (as applicable).
Following receipt of a copy of your data, you may ask us to rectify or delete that data (i.e. anonymizing it).
Exercise of above Rights will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before they were exercised. We may continue to process information which your consent is not required for, subject to any applicable law. Note that, data privacy and related laws in your jurisdiction may provide you with different or additional rights related to your data, which may also apply.
Where we are not able to provide you with the data you have requested, we will endeavor to explain the reasoning for this and inform you of your rights, including the right to complain to the supervisor authority.
When we are in a position of a processor of your data, we will exercise the above rights if we receive a request from the data controller without validating your identity. In other circumstances, such validation may be a condition for exercising your Rights(s) by us.
After opting-out from Start.io Network and/exercising any of the rights under categories A1-3 above (i) we may continue to receive data about you from other entities which use Start.io Solution or throughout Start.io Network. Provided however that we will process your personal data for the purpose of serving ads based on data shared with us (i.e.: in our capacity as data processor only); (ii) we may serve you Advertisements that are not based on your profile or not targeted to you; (iii) we will continue with processing of data which does not require your consent; and (iv) if you grant us your reconsent (directly or indirectly, as stated above), we shall process your data pursuant to this Policy, provided that only data collected by or shared with us after your reconsent will be used by us for the Purpose.
Data Security
Your privacy is very important to Start.io and we are committed to protecting your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We have implemented physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry standards. For more information on our security measures, please click
here
.
Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, unless stated otherwise by applicable laws, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access or abuse our Services, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will be able to prevent such access.
Data Retention
We retain the personal data we collect, in accordance and compliance with applicable laws, and in accordance with the following:
In any of the events detailed in Sections 12 (
Opt-Out Rights
) or 13 (
Your Choices and Controls – categories A1-3
) we will (i) anonymize your data by deleting your ADID stored in our operational database; and/or (ii) delete the personal data actually collected about you whose collection and process required your consent;
We will not use your personal information for the Purpose during more than: (a) 12 months for End Users in the EU or UK; or (b) 36 months for all other End Users. We shall either delete from our operational database data whose age is more than the above period
or
anonymize your data by deleting your ADID from our operational database (and thereafter we will not be able to use the personal data collected and processed about you for the Purpose).
Provided however that
, when we delete or anonymize your ADID and/or your data from our
operational databases
, it will not be deleted from our
archive
, due to our platform technical design limitation, which makes it impossible to rewrite the entire code which consists your ADID. We have designed our platform in a way that your personal data, which is left in our archive following your request to opt-out from Start.io Network (or equivalent request) will not be processed, used or shared with any third party following such request.
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store or process your personal data in the United States or in other territories. We may transfer store or process your personal data by third party suppliers and data processors located in the United States or in other territories.
If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Data requires your consent, then your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your data.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“
EEA
“) we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of data protection upon its transfer outside of the EEA.
Any transfers, whether to third parties or internally, of personal information from the EEA to countries not deemed to provide an adequate level of data protection are governed by European Union (EU) Standard Contractual Clauses and/or equivalent data transfer regulations to protect the security and confidentiality of personal information.
California End Users – CCPA
Without derogating from the provisions of this Policy, please note that:
The categories of personal data collected by Start.io are elaborated in Sections 2, 3 and 4;
Our usage of the data (including sharing of data) is elaborated in Sections 7, 8 and 9;
Your opt out right and other rights are elaborated in Sections 12 and 13.
Changes to The Policy
This Policy may be updated by us from time to time. Substantial changes will take effect 30 days from update. Other changes will take effect 7 days from update. If the Policy is amended to comply with legal requirements, the amendments will become effective immediately. The most up-to-date Policy as well as any updated to this Policy will be published and will be available in the following link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
. We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, process, use and share your information through Start.io Network.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please write to us at:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
You can also contact us via email at:
privacy@start.io
.
Data Protection Officer
If you have any requests regarding the data collected under this Policy, including without limitation, requests to remove, delete, amend, modify or transfer the data, please contact our Data Protection Officer at:
dpo@start.io
.
Please be sure to include your name, address and email address in any correspondence to us so that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner.
For your convenience, this Policy may be translated from English to several other languages. Please note that in any discrepancies or inconsistencies between the translation available to you (if any) and the English version, the English version (available at: link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) shall prevail.
Last update
: August 29, 2022
Charte de confidentialité des utilisateurs de Start.io
Start.io Inc. et ses filiales (ci-après «
nous
», «
notre entreprise
», «
notre
» ou «
Start.io
») respectent votre vie privée.
Cette charte de confidentialité (aussi appelée la «
Politique
» dans la présente) définit les engagements de confidentialité de Start.io vis-à-vis de vos données personnelles sur l’ensemble de son réseau, la manière dont vos informations et données personnelles sont collectées, utilisées et partagées. Elle vous informe aussi sur les droits et options mises à votre disposition concernant vos données personnelles.
Qui sommes-nous ?
Start.io est une société publicitaire et de gestion de données mobile qui développe, exploite et soutient une plateforme, une solution et un réseau publicitaire (ci-après la «
Solution Start.io
») dans le but de diffuser des publicités ciblées et personnalisées à des personnes (les «
Utilisateurs finaux
») en fonction de leur profil.
Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur Start.io, vous pouvez consulter notre site Web :
www.start.io
ou nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
support@start.io
.
Présentation du réseau Start.io
.
La Solution Start.io collecte et traite vos données personnelles, votre géolocalisation et d’autres données provenant de plusieurs sources, comme le kit de développement logiciel SDK de Start.io (qui est également intégré dans diverses applications mobiles), la plateforme Start.io RTB utilisée pour la diffusion de publicités en temps réel, des plateformes partenaires, mais aussi des annonceurs et des fournisseurs de données, tous dénommés les «
Sources de données
» dans le présent document.
Start.io partage ou met ces données (ou une partie d’entre elles) à disposition des entités suivantes : (i) les «
Annonceurs
» qui gèrent leurs campagnes sur l’inventaire Start.io (applications mobiles engagées directement avec Start.io ou indirectement via d’autres réseaux ou plateformes de publicité) ; (ii) les «
Partenaires commerciaux
». Ce sont des agences de publicité ou d’autres partenaires commerciaux qui mènent leurs campagnes sur l’inventaire Start.io ou sur un inventaire indépendant et qui traitent ou contrôlent les données ; (iii) les entreprises tierces qui exécutent ou exploitent leurs propres bases de données, solutions ou plateformes pour contrôler et utiliser vos données avec d’autres données traitées (les «
Partenaires de données
»).
Le «
Réseau Start.io
» désigne le réseau publicitaire de Start.io qui comprend les Sources de données, mais aussi les Annonceurs, les Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données qui les collectent, les traitent, les utilisent, les mettent à disposition et les partagent pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente (comme défini plus bas).
Finalités du traitement des données
.
Vos données sont collectées, traitées, utilisées et partagées par Start.io à
travers le réseau Start.io
afin de
vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil
, sans oublier que,
si nous anonymisons vos données
,
nous pourrons aussi
les utiliser pour d’autres finalités
(ensemble : les « Finalités »).
Les données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées, sont des données qui ne vous identifient pas personnellement et qui ne sont pas identifiables. L’anonymisation peut être effectuée via la suppression, le hachage ou le chiffrement de votre identifiant publicitaire (ou MAID), un identifiant personnel que nous utilisons pour différencier vos données de celles d’autres utilisateurs, et les rendre identifiables.
Si vous ne souhaitez plus recevoir de publicités, contactez notre centre d’assistance à l’adresse suivante
:
support@start.io
.
Veuillez noter que ce n’est pas Start.io qui décide d’afficher les publicités de l’application mobile que vous utilisez, mais le développeur ou l’éditeur de ladite application qui utilise (directement ou indirectement) nos services. Cependant, nous pensons que vous tirez parti de ces applications car, dans la plupart des cas, l’affichage des Publicités est essentiel puisqu’il vous permet de bénéficier de ces applications et services gratuitement. De plus, lorsque le développeur ou l’éditeur de l’application utilise nos services (directement ou indirectement), les
publicités qui vous sont proposées peuvent être optimisées et/ou personnalisées, ce qui améliore votre expérience
.
Si vous souhaitez ne plus recevoir de publicités, vous devez contacter le
développeur
ou l’éditeur de l’application, dont vous pouvez trouver les coordonnées sur
Google Play
ou sur l’
App Store d’Apple
et soumettez-lui votre demande. Vous pouvez aussi modifier les paramètres de votre téléphone mobile (
IOS
/
Android
).
Vous pouvez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante:
support@start.io
et nous ferons de notre mieux pour vous aider.
Désinscription
.
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire de l’ensemble du réseau Start.io et/ou cesser de partager vos données personnelles avec nos Partenaires de données,
en faisant votre choix dans la section 12 (
Règles de désinscription
)
.
En vous désinscrivant,
l’expérience publicitaire qui vous est proposée au sein du réseau Start.io ne sera plus optimisée ou personnalisée.
Start.io peut contrôler ou sous-traiter vos données personnelles, en fonction du processus de collecte des données par ou via chaque Source de données et en fonction de leur utilisation par nous ou chacun de nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux ou Partenaires de données.
Vous acceptez par les présentes l’utilisation : (a) de processus électroniques pour apporter votre consentement à la présente Politique, pour la remplir et recevoir tout type de communication, en vertu de la présente Politique et (b) de dossiers électroniques pour conserver ses informations.
Présentation de notre charte de confidentialité
Section
Sommaire
2
Les informations que nous recueillons directement ou indirectement
Nous collecterons, nous traiterons, nous utiliserons et nous partagerons (conformément à la présente Politique) les données suivantes à chaque fois qu’elles seront accessibles : votre Identifiant publicitaire, vos adresses de protocole Internet, votre géolocalisation, le nom de l’application (sur laquelle notre SDK est installé), votre sexe, votre âge (connus ou assumés), les données de requête des applications installées, les propriétés de vos appareils, les appareils appairés en Bluetooth, les capteurs de vos appareils, votre opérateur, votre FAI, les informations de votre réseau, vos données Wi-Fi, vos données d’itinérance, vos fuseaux horaires locaux, vos paramétrages de langue et vos données comportementales qui sont définies par les mots clés partagés avec nous.
3
Collecte de vos données de géolocalisation
Nous collecterons, traiterons, utiliserons et partagerons (conformément à la présente Politique) les données suivantes, à chaque fois qu’elles seront accessibles : votre géolocalisation exacte (si vous autorisez l’application sur laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré).
Nous assumerons votre géolocalisation si vous êtes connecté à un réseau Wi-Fi et/ou à un réseau mobile dont nous connaissons l’emplacement présumé.
Nous pourrons connaître votre pays, votre ville et votre région à l’aide de votre adresse IP ou d’autres Sources de données.
4
Les informations que nous recueillons des Annonceurs ou à partir de votre interaction avec les Publicités
Lorsque vous interagissez avec une Publicité, l’attribution et l’évaluation de cette publicité seront partagées avec nous. Nous pouvons recevoir les utilisations et/ou activités post-clic des applications mobiles dont les Publicités conduisent vers des applications ou services.
5
Collecte des données sensibles
Start.io n’a pas besoin de collecter ou solliciter sciemment ou intentionnellement des données sensibles des utilisateurs finaux.
6
Vie privée des enfants
Start.io ne recueille ni ne sollicite sciemment ou intentionnellement aucun renseignement personnel auprès d’enfants (tel que la loi les y oblige).
7
Utilisation de vos données personnelles pour des Publicités personnalisées et ciblées
Nous utiliserons (nous vendrons, nous concéderons sous licence ou nous partagerons) les données collectées ou partagées pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente, c’est-à-dire : vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil et de vos activités.
8
Utilisation de vos données à d’autres fins
Nous utiliserons également les données recueillies ou partagées à d’autres fins, comme par exemple : l’optimisation de la Solution Start.io, le développement de nouveaux services, la mise à jour ou l’amélioration de services existants ; la mise en route, la maintenance, la protection et la gestion des Solutions Start.io ; la mise en place d’audits, de suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic ; la détection de fraudes en rapport avec la Solution Start.io ; l’application de la présente Politique et la prévention d’activités illégales ; et le respect de toutes les lois applicables.
9
Le partage de données avec des tiers
Nous pouvons partager vos données (ou une partie de ces données) avec des Annonceurs, des réseaux publicitaires, les Partenaires commerciaux et/ou des Partenaires de données ; des partenaires d’attribution ; les autorités compétentes ; les entités affiliées à notre groupe ; et en cas de fusion, de vente ou de transfert de tout ou partie de nos actifs ou de nos actions, ou en cas de toute autre réorganisation ou reconstruction de nos activités.
10
Cookies et collecte de données par des entreprises tierces
Si vous ouvrez une page Web mobile à partir d’une application dans laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré, nous avons le droit de placer un cookie sur le navigateur mobile de votre appareil avec votre Identifiant publicitaire que nous utiliserons pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente.
11
Données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées
Les données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées pourront être collectées, traitées et utilisées par nos soins de quelque manière que ce soit.
12
Droits de désinscription (et « Ne pas vendre mes données personnelles » pour les utilisateurs finaux de Californie)
Vous pouvez facilement vous désinscrire de certains processus de collectes et de partage de données, et de certaines publicités liées au réseau Start.io en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le service duquel vous souhaitez vous désinscrire.
De plus, les utilisateurs finaux de Californie peuvent appeler le 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (code de service : 234) pour se désinscrire.
13
Vos choix et contrôles
Vous avez le droit d’exercer l’un des droits suivants, dans le respect des lois applicables, en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
ou
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le(s) droit(s) que vous souhaitez exercer : retrait de votre consentement, objection, effacement (droit à l’oublie), accès à vos données, portabilité de vos données.
14
La sécurité des données
Nous avons mis en œuvre des mesures de sécurité physiques, techniques et administratives pour protéger nos Services, dans le plus grand respect des lois en vigueur et des normes de l’industrie concernée.
15
La conservation des données
Nous conservons les données personnelles que nous avons collectées, dans le respect des lois en vigueur, mais, dans tous les cas, nous n’utiliserons pas vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente pendant plus de 12 mois.
16
Transfert de données en dehors de votre territoire
Nous pouvons stocker ou traiter vos données personnelles aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires. Sous réserve des lois applicables, votre consentement à la présente charte de confidentialité implique votre consentement explicite de ce transfert de données.
17
Utilisateurs finaux de Californie – CCPA
Informations générales pour les utilisateurs finaux soumis à la CCPA.
18
Modifications de la présente Charte de confidentialité
De temps à autre, nous serons amenés à mettre à jour la présente Charte de confidentialité. La version la plus récente, mais aussi toutes les mises à jour seront publiées et disponibles sur la page suivante :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
19
Contactez-nous
Vous pouvez également nous contacter par e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
support@start.io
.
20
Agent de protection des données
Vous pouvez contacter notre agent délégué à la protection des données à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
.
Les informations que nous recueillons directement ou indirectement à travers les Sources de données
Nous collecterons et traiterons tout ou partie des données suivantes (en fonction de la technologie intégrée ou utilisée, des données disponibles, mais aussi des autres autorisations), si vous téléchargez une application sur laquelle notre SDK Start.io est installé ou intégré, et/ou si vos données sont partagées avec notre entreprise, lorsque nous sommes intégrés ou connectés à d’autres réseaux, agences ou plateformes publicitaires (comme les RTB) :
Les identifiants en ligne : Identifiant publicitaire (IDFA pour les dispositifs iOS et AAID pour les dispositifs Android) (ci-après les «
ADID
»).
Adresses de protocole Internet (ci-après les «
IP
»).
Veuillez noter que, bien que les ADID et les adresses IP soient considérés comme des données personnellement identifiables dans de nombreuses juridictions (notamment dans l’EEE), il existe certaines juridictions dans lesquelles de telles données ne sont pas considérées comme des données personnelles.
Géolocalisation : comme indiqué dans la section 3 ci-dessous.
Nom de l’application (sur laquelle le SDK est installé) et sa catégorie ; pour les applications sans SDK : nom de l’application mobile par laquelle vous interagissez avec le réseau Start.io.
Sexe et âge (provenant de notre déduction ou partagés par une autre Source de données).
Données d’une requête qui demande si certaines applications sont déjà installées sur votre appareil mobile (représentation de hachage unidirectionnelle).
Autres données génériques : propriétés de l’appareil (système d’exploitation, version du système d’exploitation et type d’appareil), appareils appairés en Bluetooth, capteurs d’appareil (l’accéléromètre, par exemple), votre opérateur, les données de connexion réseau et les données Wi-Fi, les données d’itinérance, le fuseau horaire local, les paramètres de langue.
Start.io SDK
est un logiciel intégré ou préinstallé dans les applications mobiles. Il permet aux développeurs, propriétaires ou opérateurs de ces applications de vous proposer, à vous et à d’autres utilisateurs finaux, des publicités personnalisées.
«
Publicité
» ou «
Pub
» désigne tout type de contenu publicitaire : textes, images, vidéos, audio, graphiques, musique, logos et tout
autre
matériel ou contenu faisant la promotion de biens et de services (ou d’applications mobiles, de logiciels, etc.) fournis, activés, pris en charge ou facilités par le réseau Start.io.
«
RTB
» signifie « real-time bidding » (enchère en temps réel en anglais). Le RTB est une plateforme ou une solution dans laquelle l’inventaire publicitaire est acheté et vendu sur le principe de la pré-impression, via un processus d’enchère instantané qui repose, dans la plupart des cas, sur les données de l’utilisateur partagées avec l’annonceur ou le réseau publicitaire (Start.io par exemple). L’annonceur qui remporte l’enchère affiche sa publicité à cet utilisateur dans l’inventaire des enchères.
Collecte de vos données de géolocalisation
Votre «
Géolocalisation
» peut être mis à notre disposition dans l’un des cas de figure suivants :
Nous pouvons collecter votre géolocalisation exacte, via votre téléphone mobile, si vous vous autorisez l’accès à votre application (dans laquelle Start.io SDK est pré-installé ou intégré). Veuillez noter que nous ne recueillons pas votre géolocalisation en temps réel, mais le dernier lieu connu disponible pour notre SDK.
Nous pouvons assumer votre géolocalisation si vous êtes connecté à un réseau Wi-Fi dont nous connaissons l’emplacement.
Veuillez noter que nous ne pourrons pas collecter votre géolocalisation conformément aux paragraphes (a) et (b) si vous désactiver cette autorisation pour la/les application(s) sur laquelle/lesquelles SDK est pré-installé ou intégré.
Nous pouvons estimer votre géolocalisation en collectant les données d’un réseau mobile auquel vous êtes connecté, si nous connaissons son emplacement.
Nous pouvons connaître votre pays, ville et région à partir de votre adresse IP qui sera collectée par le SDK ou à l’aide d’autres Sources de données, ou d’autres données partagées par des entreprises tierces (par exemple, via le processus d’intégration RTB).
Veuillez noter qu’en désactivant l’autorisation à vos données de géolocalisation sur une application (via le système d’exploitation de votre dispositif mobile), nous pouvons toujours collecter votre localisation auprès d’autres sources disponibles, décrites dans les sous-sections (b) (c) et (d).
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire des services de géolocalisation à tout moment en modifiant les paramètres de votre dispositif. En outre, vous pouvez choisir de ne pas partager votre géolocalisation avec nous,
quelle que soit la source
, comme indiqué dans la Section 12
(
Droits de désinscription
) suivante
.
Les informations que nous recueillons des Annonceurs ou à partir de votre interaction avec les Publicités
Lorsque vous interagissez avec une Publicité fournie, prise en charge ou activée par nos soins, son attribution et son évaluation nous sont communiquées par des services tiers (appelés
« Partenaires d’attribution »
). Nous utiliserons ces données pour la limitation du nombre d’expositions (par exemple, si et quand vous présenter une Publicité similaire), mais aussi pour l’attribution et l’évaluation de la publicité.
En outre, les éditeurs, développeurs et/ou propriétaires d’applications mobiles, dont l’application mobile est utilisée par la publicité (incitation à l’installation de l’application mobile) et/ou les services peuvent partager avec Start.io votre utilisation et/ou votre activité post-clic, ou des services en fonction de votre interaction avec la publicité. Cet usage et/ou activité peut inclure les données des achats que vous effectuez (le montant par exemple), des abonnements que vous achetez ou votre niveau de progression (dans des jeux). Nous utiliserons ces informations pour optimiser les campagnes publicitaires à venir des éditeurs, développeurs et/ou propriétaires de ces applications mobiles par le biais du réseau Start.io, pour les Finalités décrites dans la section 8 suivante.
Collecte des données sensibles
Start.io n’a pas besoin de collecter, de solliciter ou de traiter sciemment ou intentionnellement des données sensibles des utilisateurs finaux.
Le terme « données sensibles »
aura la signification qui lui est donnée par la juridiction et les lois sur la vie privée en vigueur dans votre pays.
Veuillez noter que la définition du terme « données sensibles » peut être sensiblement  différente selon les pays. Dans certaines juridictions, les données sensibles peuvent inclure : l’origine raciale, ethnique ou communautaire de l’utilisateur ; les affiliations ou opinions politiques ; les croyances religieuses, philosophiques ou toute autre croyance de la même nature ; les informations intimes ou la vie sexuelle ; les coordonnées bancaires, les informations de solvabilité, le compte bancaire, le numéro de carte de crédit ; le casier judiciaire ; l’appartenance à un parti politique ou à un syndicat ; la santé physique ou mentale, l’assurance maladie, les données médicales et/ou biométriques.
Si vous vous apprenez ou si avez des raisons de croire que l’on vous a demandé de fournir vos données sensibles ou que Start.io Network a traité vos données considérées sensibles, conformément aux lois sur la protection de la vie privée qui s’appliquent dans votre juridiction, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
et nous prendrons des mesures pour nous assurer que ces données seront immédiatement supprimées de nos fichiers.
Vie privée des Mineurs
Start.io est conforme à la législation applicable relative à la protection de la vie privée des Enfants, nous respectons la loi américaine sur la protection de la vie privée en ligne (la «
COPPA
»). Ainsi, nous ne collectons ni ne cherchons sciemment ou intentionnellement les données personnelles des Enfants tel que le définit la loi en vigueur, et en particulier les personnes de moins de 13 ans domiciliés aux États-Unis ou de moins de 16 ans domiciliées dans l’UE ; (dénommés dans la présente les «
Enfants
» ou «
Mineurs
»), sauf dans les cas permis par la loi en vigueur.
Si nous apprenons qu’un utilisateur final est considéré comme un Mineur en vertu de la loi applicable et que nous traitons des données personnelles le concernant (non autorisées par la législation en vigueur), nous prendrons immédiatement des mesures pour supprimer ses données personnelles. De plus, nous demandons aux Enfants de ne pas nous fournir volontairement leurs données personnelles sur le réseau Start.io.
Si vous vous rendez compte ou si vous avez des raisons de croire qu’un Enfant a partagé des données personnelles sur notre réseau, veuillez nous contacter à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. Nous prendrons les mesures nécessaires pour que ces données personnelles soient immédiatement supprimées de nos fichiers, dans la mesure requise par la loi en vigueur.
Utilisation de vos données personnelles pour des Publicités personnalisées et ciblées
Nous utiliserons (nous vendrons, concéderons sous licence ou partagerons) les données collectées ou partagées pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente, c’est-à-dire : vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées en fonction de votre profil et de vos activités.
Votre profil est le résultat probable de nos analyses, hypothèses et conclusions suite à l’observation de votre comportement, de vos intérêts et vos intentions, en fonction des données que nous avons collectées ou reçues des Sources de données (définies plus haut) et rassemblées dans une base de données personnelle.
Veuillez noter que des publicités ciblées et personnalisées peuvent vous être envoyées dans notre inventaire et/ou par nos Partenaires commerciaux ou Partenaires de données, avec lesquels nous partageons vos données.
Veuillez noter que lorsque nous partageons vos données avec un tiers, celles-ci sont soumises à la charte de confidentialité de ce tiers.
La liste des partenaires commerciaux ou des partenaires de données qui nous ont demandé de vous communiquer leur charte de confidentialité est disponible à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles : la base légale permettant le traitement de vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente est votre consentement. Celui-ci peut nous être fourni directement ou indirectement par le biais de tierces parties
(par exemple le signal RTB ou tout autre type de signal). Votre consentement peut être général (pour toutes les données collectées, traitées, utilisées et/ou partagées) ou concerner uniquement certaines données spécifiques partagées avec nous lors de certains événements (comme les données partagées par un signal RTB ou tout autre type de signal). Nous nous conformerons à la portée de votre consentement concernant les données que vous souhaitez communiquer ou partager avec nous.
Veuillez noter que lorsque certaines données sont partagées par une tierce partie via un signal de « non-consentement » (ou un signal équivalent), cela n’affectera pas votre consentement envers notre entreprise en général ou via d’autres signaux de « consentement ». Nous ne considérons pas non plus que ce cas de figure concerne l’exercice de vos droits en vertu de l’article 12 (Droits de désinscription) ou de l’article 13 (Vos choix et contrôles), qui doivent être exercés de la manière décrite dans la présente.
Veuillez vous reporter à la section 12 (Droits de désinscription) et à la section 13 (Vos choix et contrôles) ci-dessous pour vous désinscrire de Start.io Network ou pour exercer d’autres droits qui vous sont accordés par la loi.
Utilisation de vos données à d’autres fins
Les données que nous collectons et qui sont partagées avec nous seront utilisées aux fins supplémentaires suivantes :
Pour améliorer la solution Start.io, développer de nouveaux services ou mettre à niveau les services existants et améliorer votre interaction avec la Solution Start.io.
Pour exploiter, entretenir, protéger et gérer la Solution Start.io, mais aussi pour gérer les autres aspects administratifs et opérationnels de notre Solution Start.io.
Pour auditer et faire un suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic, et détecter les fraudes liées à la Solution Start.io.
Pour protéger les droits ou la propriété de Start.io ou d’entreprises tierces.
Pour appliquer la présente Politique et prévenir toute activité illégale, toute utilisation abusive de la solution Start.io.
Pour établir ou exercer nos droits de nous défendre contre des actions en justice.
Pour éviter toute atteinte aux droits, à la propriété ou à la sécurité de notre entreprise, de nos utilisateurs, de vous-même ou de toute autre entité, ou dans le but de collaborer avec les forces de l’ordre ou, si nous le jugeons nécessaire, de faire respecter les droits de propriété intellectuelle ou tout autre droit.
Pour nous conformer aux lois applicables et aider les forces de l’ordre lorsque nous croyons de bonne foi que notre coopération avec ladite entité est conforme aux normes juridiques applicables.
Pour prendre toute mesure nécessaire en cas de litige concernant votre utilisation de la Solution Start.io.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles, l’utilisation de vos données aux fins susmentionnées se fera en fonction nos intérêts légitimes : (i) exploitation, proposition, maintenance, protection, gestion, personnalisation et amélioration de la Solution Start.io (votre ADID n’est pas requis pour effectuer ces actions) ; (ii) audit et suivi des statistiques d’utilisation et des flux de trafic, détection des fraudes liées à la Solution Start.io et calcule les paiements (vos données personnelles ne sont pas requises pour effectuer ces actions) ; et (iii) protection des droits ou de la propriété de Start.io et d’entreprises tierces.
Le partage de données avec des tiers
Nous pouvons partager vos données (ou une partie de celles-ci) conformément à ce qui suit :
Nous partagerons, concéderons sous licence, vendrons, transférons ou mettrons vos données (ou une partie de celles-ci) à disposition d’Annonceurs, des Réseaux publicitaires, de partenaires commerciaux et/ou de Partenaires de données qui pourront les utiliser pour vous proposer des publicités ciblées et/ou personnalisées, comme indiqué en détail dans la
section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
) ci-dessus, et conformément à votre consentement, tel que détaillé dans la présente.
Nous partagerons les ADID collectés par nos soins avec des partenaires d’attribution afin d’évaluer et d’attribuer la Publicité. Ils seront utilisés pour calculer les paiements, détecter les problèmes de trafic (fraude), de sécurité ou les problèmes techniques en relation avec la Solution Start.io.
Si vous avez enfreint nos conditions d’utilisation ou la présente Politique, abusé de votre droit d’utiliser l’Application, ou enfreint toute loi applicable, ou dans tout autre cas de contestation, ou toute procédure judiciaire de quelque nature que ce soit vous impliquant et concernant l’Application, vos données pourront être : partagées avec les autorités compétentes et avec toute autre tierce partie, si cela est nécessaire.
Nous pouvons partager les données que nous recueillons ou obtenons via l’Application avec les autorités, entités ou personnes concernées si nous y sommes obligés par la loi.
Les données personnelles identifiables peuvent être partagées ou transférées aux entités affiliées à notre groupe (les entités contrôlées par notre entreprise, les entités sous contrôle commun, mais aussi les entités nous contrôlant, directement ou indirectement, ci-après : les «
Sociétés affiliées
»), mais leur utilisation de ces données doit être conforme à la présente Politique.
En cas de faillite, de dissolution ou d’autres événements de liquidation ou d’insolvabilité ou en cas de fusion, vente ou transfert de tout ou partie de nos actifs ou de nos actions ou autre réorganisation ou reconstruction de nos activités en cours, les données que nous recevons, recueillons ou obtenons, comme indiqué dans les sections précédentes, peuvent être partagées ou transférées à cette entité respective dans la mesure strictement nécessaire à la poursuite de la prestation des services, à condition qu’elle s’engage à respecter les dispositions de la présente Politique, tout en tenant compte des modifications raisonnablement nécessaires. Lors de ce transfert ou de ce partage de données, cette entité assumera l’entière et exclusive responsabilité de toute utilisation et traitement ultérieurs des données et nous ne serons en aucun cas responsables
de l’utilisation et du traitement des données réalisés par cette entité.
Dans tout autre cas de figure que ceux mentionnés dans la présente Politique, vos données personnelles identifiables seront partagées avec des tiers uniquement si vous donnez votre consentement, comme décrit à la Section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
) ci-dessus.
Dans les juridictions qui exigent une base légale pour le traitement des données personnelles, le partage de vos données en vertu de l’alinéa (a) se fera sur la base de votre consentement, comme décrit dans la section 7 (
Utilisation de vos données personnelles
), et pour les autres sous-sections, sur la base de nos intérêts légitimes.
Cookies et collecte de données par des entreprises tierces
Si vous ouvrez une page Web mobile à partir d’une application dans laquelle notre SDK est installé ou intégré, nous avons le droit de placer un cookie (ci-après, le/les «
Cookie(s)
») sur le navigateur mobile de votre appareil avec votre Identifiant publicitaire que nous utiliserons pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente (pour vous proposer des publicités ciblées et personnalisées sur ce navigateur mobile). Lors de l’exécution de campagnes publicitaires proposées, activées ou soutenues par nos soins sur votre navigateur mobile, le Cookie nous permettra de vous identifier en tant qu’utilisateur du navigateur mobile et de personnaliser les publicités en conséquence.
La plupart des navigateurs vous permettent d’effacer les Cookies de votre appareil, de bloquer leur acceptation ou de recevoir un avertissement avant l’enregistrement d’un Cookie. Cependant, si vous bloquez ou effacez les Cookies, votre expérience sera limitée. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les Cookies et leur contrôle, nous vous invitons à consulter les liens suivants :
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; et
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées
Nous pouvons collecter, traiter et utiliser des données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées, qui ne vous identifient pas personnellement (qui incluent des données personnelles anonymisées). Ces données non personnelles et/ou anonymisées peuvent être collectées, traitées et utilisées par nous de quelque manière que ce soit, par exemple en les publiant, diffusant, transmettant, partageant ou même en les communiquant ou en les mettant à disposition de tierces parties.
Par exemple, (i) nous pouvons utiliser vos données, après avoir supprimé votre ADID, dans le cadre d’une études de marché ; et (ii) le SDK de Start.io inclut le kit de développement Open Measurement Software de IAB TECH LAB (« OM SDK ») afin de vérifier que les publicités ont bien été visionnées. Nous ne partageons aucune donnée personnelle avec IAB ou via l’OM SDK.
Droits de désinscription
Vous pouvez facilement vous désinscrire de certains processus de collecte et de partage de données, et de certaines publicités liées au réseau Start.io en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
. N’oubliez pas de préciser le service duquel vous souhaitez vous désinscrire.
Veuillez noter que nous devrons peut-être vous contacter si nous devons vérifier votre identité, dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande. Vous acceptez par la présente que nous utiliserons votre e-mail pour cette finalité.
Nous répondrons à votre demande dans les trente (30) jours suivants sa réception ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
Vous pouvez vous désinscrire afin de recevoir des publicités qui ne vous sont pas destinées, et pour contrôler les données collectées sur vous pour l’affichage des Publicités. Veuillez noter que même si vous vous désinscrivez, vous pouvez toujours recevoir des publicités de Start.io Network, mais sous réserve de votre choix de désabonnement, ces annonces ne seront ni personnalisées ni ciblées par notre entreprise.
Votre choix
Les effets de la désinscription
Désinscription du réseau Start.io
(i) (a) nous anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID (ce qui garantit que vous ne pouvez pas être identifié personnellement) ; et/ou (b) nous effacerons vos données personnelles, tel que cela est décrit à la Section 15 (
La conservation des données
) ;
(ii) Les publicités proposées ou prises en charge par Start.io Solution ne seront pas personnalisées et ne seront donc peut-être pas pertinentes, ce qui limitera votre utilisation de la solution Start.io ;
(iii) nous communiquerons votre choix à nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données et leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données personnelles, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
« Ne pas vendre mes données personnelles » – pour les utilisateurs finaux qui sont soumis à l’ACFPC
nous ne partagerons pas vos données personnelles avec nos clients (annonceurs, DSP et partenaires de traitement des données). Veuillez noter que nous pouvons continuer à soutenir ou à permettre la diffusion de publicités qui n’utilisent pas vos données personnelles et qui ne sont ni ciblées ni personnalisées en fonction de votre profil ou de vos données personnelles.
Si vous cessez de partager votre géolocalisation avec nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données
(i) nous arrêterons de collecter votre géolocalisation par tous les moyens décrits à la section 3 de la présente Politique ;
(ii) nous anonymiserons vos données de géolocalisation ;
(iii) nous informerons nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données de votre décision et nous leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données de géolocalisation, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
Si vous cessez de partager vos données avec nos Partenaires de données et/ou vous vous désinscrivez des listes de nos Partenaires de données
(i), nous ne partagerons pas votre ADID avec nos Partenaires de données ;
(ii) nous informerons nos partenaires de données de votre choix et nous leur demanderons soit de supprimer vos données personnelles, soit de les rendre non identifiables en les anonymisant.
Veuillez noter cependant que nous ne sommes pas responsables des engagements de confidentialité de nos Partenaires de données ou de tout autre tiers. Nous vous conseillons de consulter la Charte de confidentialité de nos Partenaires de données à l’adresse suivante :
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Le fait de ne pas partager vos données avec nos Partenaires de données ne constitue pas un désengagement de l’ensemble du réseau Start.io. Par conséquent, vos données peuvent toujours être traitées par Start.io, les Annonceurs et les Partenaires commerciaux de Start.io. Vous pouvez choisir de ne pas participer à l’ensemble du réseau Start.io, comme décrit plus haut.
Comment désactiver notre Cookie sur votre navigateur mobile
Nous ne serons plus en mesure de prendre en charge, d’activer ou de proposer des publicités personnalisées sur votre navigateur mobile.
Par ailleurs, vous pouvez contrôler la manière dont votre navigateur réagit aux cookies en ajustant les paramètres de confidentialité et de sécurité de votre navigateur Web (comme détaillé dans la section Cookie ci-dessus).
Nous ne répondons pas aux signaux Do Not Track. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur les signaux Do Not Track, veuillez consulter la page suivante
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
En plus de ce qui précède, vous pouvez limiter la divulgation de certaines données entre votre dispositif mobile et nous, nos Annonceurs, nos Partenaires commerciaux et nos Partenaires de données en modifiant ses paramètres.
Pour les dispositifs mobiles iOS
, allez dans « Réglages » sur l’écran d’accueil de votre appareil. Faites défiler jusqu’à « Confidentialité », puis sélectionnez « Publicité » et activez « Suivi publicitaire limité ».
Pour les dispositifs mobiles Android
, accédez à « Paramètres », puis « Google » sur votre dispositif. Sélectionnez « Annonces » et cochez la case « Désactiver personnalisation des annonces ».
Veuillez lire les informations spécifiques de votre appareil pour en savoir plus sur le paramétrage de vos préférences publicitaires :
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS :
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
Vous pouvez aussi
nous contacter
, nous serons heureux de vous aider.
Vos choix et contrôles
En plus de vos droits de désinscription (voir la section 12 ci-dessus), vous avez le droit d’exercer l’un des droits suivants (ou leur équivalent), ainsi que tous les droits qui vous sont accordés, sous réserve et conformément aux lois applicables qui vous accordent ces droits (le cas échéant) (ci-après «
votre
/
vos droit(s)
»). Vous pouvez exercer vos droits en nous envoyant un e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
. Veuillez préciser le(s) droit(s) que vous souhaitez exercer (tels que : le «
Retrait de consentement
») (ci-après la «
Demande
»). Il se peut que nous devions communiquer avec vous afin de traiter votre demande, notamment pour vérifier votre identité. En nous envoyant une demande, vous acceptez par la présente que nous communiquerons avec vous dans cet objectif.
Vos droits
Actions Start.io
A1. Retrait de consentement
si votre consentement est la base légale de la collecte et du traitement de vos données personnelles, vous pouvez retirer le consentement que vous nous avez accordé (directement ou indirectement).
(i) nous (a) anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID ou (b) nous effacerons vos données personnelles, tel que cela est décrit à la Section 15 (
La conservation des données
) ;
(iii) nous communiquerons votre demande à nos Annonceurs, Partenaires commerciaux et Partenaires de données et leur demanderons d’anonymiser vos données.
Nous serons peut-être amenés à vous contacter si nous devons vérifier votre identité, dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande.
Nous vous aiderons à exercer votre droit dans les trente (30) jours suivant la réception de votre demande ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
A2. Droit d’objection
vous pouvez vous opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles par notre entreprise.
A3. Droit d’effacement
(droit à l’oublie)
Vous avez le droit de nous demander d’effacer ou de supprimer les données personnelles collectées par nos soins ou partagées avec nous sur le réseau Start.io.
B1. Droit d’accès/
B2. Portabilité des données
Vous avez le droit de recevoir une copie des données collectées par nos soins ou partagées avec nous sur le réseau Start.io et/ou de les transférer à un tiers.
Nous enverrons à votre adresse e-mail une copie des données collectées à votre sujet au cours de l’utilisation de la Solution Start.io. Vous acceptez et vous nous autorisez par la présente à vous envoyer ce genre d’e-mails et à communiquer avec vous afin de traiter vos Demandes ou pour vérifier votre identité, le cas échéant.
Nous vous aiderons à exercer votre droit dans les quatorze (14) jours suivant la réception de votre demande ou la vérification de votre identité (le cas échéant).
Après avoir reçu une copie de vos données, vous pourrez nous demander de rectifier ou de supprimer ces données (de les anonymiser par exemple).
L’exercice des droits susmentionnés n’affectera pas la légitimité du traitement fondé sur le consentement antérieur audit exercice. Nous pouvons continuer à traiter des données pour lesquelles votre consentement n’est pas requis, sous réserve des lois applicables. Veuillez noter que la confidentialité des données et des lois en vigueur dans votre pays peuvent vous donner des droits différents ou certains droits supplémentaires sur vos données, et que ceux-ci pourront s’appliquer.
Si nous ne sommes pas en mesure de vous donner les données que vous avez demandées, nous nous efforcerons d’en expliquer les raisons et de vous informer de vos droits, y compris sur le droit de porter plainte auprès d’une autorité de contrôle.
Lorsque nous traitons vos données, nous exercerons les droits susmentionnés si nous recevons une demande du responsable du traitement sans valider votre identité. Dans d’autres circonstances, une telle validation peut être une condition pour exercer vos droits auprès de nous.
Après vous être désinscrit du réseau Start.io et avoir exercé l’un des droits des catégories A1 à A3 susmentionnées (i), nous pouvons continuer à recevoir des données à votre sujet d’autres entités utilisant la Solution Start.io ou sur tout le réseau Start.io. Toutefois, nous traiterons vos données personnelles dans le but de diffuser des publicités en fonction des données partagées avec nous (c.-à-d. : en notre qualité de responsables du traitement de données uniquement) ; (ii) nous pouvons vous proposer des publicités qui ne sont pas sélectionnées en fonction de votre profil ou qui ne vous sont pas destinées ; (iii) nous poursuivrons le traitement des données pour lesquelles votre consentement n’est pas requis ; et (iv) si vous nous accordez votre consentement à nouveau (directement ou indirectement, comme indiqué ci-dessus), nous traiterons vos données conformément à la présente Politique, à condition que seules les données collectées ou partagées avec nous après votre déclaration soient utilisées par notre entreprise, pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente.
La sécurité des données
Start.io accorde une grande importance à la confidentialité de vos données personnelles et nous nous engageons à les protéger de tout accès, utilisation ou divulgation non autorisés. Nous avons mis en œuvre des mesures de sécurité physiques, techniques et administratives pour protéger nos Services, dans le plus grand respect des lois en vigueur et des normes de l’industrie concernée. Pour obtenir plus d’informations sur nos mesures de sécurité, veuillez cliquer ici :
https://www.start.io/start-io-computer-policy/
.
Bien que nous prenions des mesures raisonnables pour protéger les données, nous ne pouvons être tenus responsables des actes de ceux qui obtiennent un accès non autorisé ou qui abusent de nos Services, et nous ne donnons aucune garantie, expresse, implicite ou autre que nous serons capables d’empêcher un tel accès.
La conservation des données
Nous conservons les données personnelles que nous recueillons, conformément aux lois en vigueur et aux points suivants :
Pour les événements détaillés dans les sections 12 (
Droits de désinscription
) ou 13 (
Vos choix et contrôles – Catégories A1 à A3
), nous (i) anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID stocké dans notre base de données opérationnelle ; et/ou (ii) nous supprimerons les données personnelles réellement collectées à votre sujet et dont la collecte et le traitement ont nécessité votre consentement ;
Nous n’utiliserons pas vos données personnelles pour les Finalités décrites dans la présente pendant plus de 12 mois. Nous supprimerons de notre base de données opérationnelle les données de plus de 12 mois
ou
nous anonymiserons vos données en supprimant votre ADID de notre base de données opérationnelle (nous ne pourrons plus utiliser les données personnelles collectées et traitées à votre sujet).
Toutefois
, lorsque nous supprimons ou rendons anonymes votre ADID et/ou vos données de nos
bases de données opérationnelles
, elles ne seront pas supprimées de nos
archives
, en raison des limitations de conception technique de notre plateforme qui rendent impossible la réécriture du code complet qui compose votre ADID. Nous avons conçu notre plateforme de manière à ce que vos données personnelles, qui sont conservées dans nos archives à la suite de votre demande de retrait de Start.io Network (ou demande équivalente), ne soient ni traitées, ni utilisées, ni partagées avec des tiers à la suite de cette demande.
Transfert de données en dehors de votre territoire
Nous pouvons stocker ou traiter vos données personnelles aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires. Nous pouvons transférer le stockage ou le traitement de vos données personnelles à l’aide de fournisseurs et de processeurs de données tiers situés aux États-Unis ou dans d’autres territoires.
Si vous êtes résident d’une juridiction où le transfert de vos données personnelles requiert votre consentement, alors votre consentement à la présente politique de confidentialité inclut votre consentement explicite à un tel transfert de vos données.
Si vous êtes résident de l’Espace économique européen (l’«
EEE
»), nous prendrons les mesures appropriées pour que vos données à caractère personnel reçoivent un niveau de protection des données adéquat lors de leur transfert en dehors de l’EEE.
Tout transfert, que ce soit à des tiers ou en interne, de données personnelles de l’EEE vers des pays qui ne sont pas considérés comme offrant un niveau de protection des données adéquat est régi par les clauses contractuelles types de l’Union européenne (UE) et/ou par des réglementations équivalentes en matière de transfert de données afin de protéger la sécurité et la confidentialité des données personnelles.
Utilisateurs finaux de Californie – CCPA
Sans déroger aux dispositions de la présente Politique, veuillez noter que :
– Les catégories de données personnelles collectées par Start.io sont élaborées dans les Sections 2, 3 et 4 ;
– Notre utilisation des données (comme leur partage) est détaillée dans les Sections 7, 8 et 9 ;
– Votre droit de retrait et autres droits sont décrits dans les Sections 12 et 13.
Modifications de la présente Charte de confidentialité
De temps à autre, nous serons amenés à mettre à jour la présente Charte de confidentialité. Toute modification substantielle prendra effet 30 jours après la mise à jour. Les autres modifications prendront effet 7 jours après la mise à jour. Si la Politique est modifiée pour se conformer aux exigences légales, lesdites modifications entreront en vigueur immédiatement. La version la plus récente, ainsi que toute mise à jour de la présente Charte de confidentialité, sera publiée et disponible sur la page suivante :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-fr/
. Nous vous encourageons à consulter périodiquement cette Politique pour vous assurer de bien comprendre comment nous recueillons, traitons, utilisons et partageons vos informations sur le réseau Start.io.
Contactez-nous
Si vous avez des questions ou des commentaires au sujet de cette Politique, veuillez nous écrire à l’adresse suivante :
Start.io Inc. ; 584 Broadway St., 12e étage, Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Vous pouvez également nous contacter par e-mail à l’adresse suivante :
privacy@start.io
.
Agent de protection des données
Si vous avez des demandes concernant les données collectées en vertu de la présente Politique, y compris, sans s’y limiter, les demandes d’effacement, de suppression, de modification ou de transfert des données, veuillez contacter notre délégué à la protection des données à l’adresse suivante :
dpo@start.io
Assurez-vous de bien inclure votre nom, votre adresse et votre e-mail dans toute correspondance qui nous serait adressée afin que nous puissions répondre à votre demande dans les meilleurs délais.
Pour votre commodité, cette Politique peut être traduite de l’anglais dans plusieurs autres langues. Veuillez noter que toute divergence ou incohérence entre la traduction mise à votre disposition (le cas échéant) et la version anglaise, c’est la version anglaise (disponible à l’adresse suivante : lien :
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) qui fera foi.
Dernière mise à jour : 14.2.2021
Política de privacidad del usuario final de Start.io
Start.io Inc. y sus afiliadas (“
nosotros
,” “
nos
,” “
nuestro/nuestra
” o “
Start.io
“) respetan su privacidad.
Esta Política de privacidad (la “
Política
“) explica las prácticas de privacidad de Start.io con respecto a su información personal en toda la Red Start.io, las formas en que su información y datos personales son recopilados, usados y compartidos, y las opciones que tiene disponibles con respecto a sus datos personales.
Quiénes somos?
Start.io es una empresa de publicidad y datos móviles que desarrolla, opera y presta asistencia técnica a una plataforma de publicidad, soluciones y redes (la “
solución Start.io
“) con el fin de entregar publicidad dirigida y personalizada a individuos (los “
Usuarios finales
“) con base en su perfil.
Para obtener más información sobre Start.io, puede visitar nuestro sitio web en:
www.start.io
o comunicarse con nosotros a
support@start.io
.
Introducción a la Red Start.io
.
La solución Start.io recopila y procesa sus datos personales, ubicación y otra información de varias fuentes (como mediante el SDK Start.io (kit de desarrollo de software) integrado o incorporado en una diversidad de apps móviles, la plataforma RTB Start.io (ofertas en tiempo real) usada para colocar anuncios en tiempo real (RTB), suministrar plataformas laterales o asociados, anunciantes y otros proveedores de datos; en conjunto: las “
Fuentes de datos
“).
Start.io comparte o pone a disposición dichos datos (o parte de estos) a los siguientes terceros (i) anunciantes que realizan sus campañas en el inventario de Start.io (apps móviles involucradas directamente con Start.io o indirectamente a través de otras redes o plataformas de publicidad (los “
Anunciantes
“); (ii) agencias de publicidad y otros socios comerciales, que realizan sus campañas en el inventario de Start.io o en su propio inventario independiente, y pueden ser “procesadores” o “controladores” de los datos (en conjunto: “
Socios comerciales
“); y (iii) terceros que realizan u operan sus propias bases de datos, soluciones o plataformas, que pueden actuar como “controladores” de datos y pueden usar sus datos en conjunto con otros datos sobre usted que ellos procesan (los “
Socios de datos
“).
“
Red Start.io
” significa la red de publicidad de Start.io que incluye las fuentes de Datos por un lado, y los Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos por el otro, por medio de los cuales se recopilan, procesan, usan, disponen y comparten sus datos para el Propósito (como se define a continuación).
Propósito del procesamiento de los datos
.
Start.io recopila, procesa, usa y comparte sus datos
en toda la Red Start.io
con el
propósito de entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil
(el “
Propósito
“), sin embargo,
si anonimizamos sus datos, también podremos utilizarlos para otros propósitos
(en conjunto, el “Propósito”).
Los datos no personales o anonimizados son aquellos que nunca lo identifican personalmente ni son identificables. La anonimización se realiza eliminando, extractando el valor hash o cifrando su identificador de publicidad (o ADID), que es el identificador único que utilizamos para diferenciar sus datos de los datos de otros usuarios, haciéndolos identificables.
Cuando compartimos sus datos con terceros (Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y/o Socios de datos) los obligamos contractualmente a utilizar los datos únicamente para el Propósito, diferente de si declaran que los usan para otros fines, sujeto a su consentimiento o un fundamento jurídico.
Para dejar de recibir anuncios, comuníquese con nuestra asistencia técnica a:
support@start.io
.
Tenga en cuenta que no es decisión de Start.io mostrar anuncios dentro de la app móvil que utiliza, sino del desarrollador o editor que utiliza nuestros servicios (directa o indirectamente). Sin embargo, creemos que usted se beneficia de estas apps, ya que en la mayoría de los casos, mostrar Anuncios es esencial para mantener gratuitas las aplicaciones y servicios de los editores. Es más, cuando un desarrollador o editor de apps utiliza nuestros servicios (directa o indirectamente)
los Anuncios que se le proporcionan pueden estar optimizados y/o personalizados para usted, lo que mejora su experiencia en la app
.
Si desea dejar de recibir Anuncios, debe comunicarse con el
desarrollador
o editor de la app, cuyos detalles puede encontrar en
Google Play
o
Apple App Store
, y enviarle su solicitud. Alternativamente puede cambiar los ajustes de su teléfono móvil (
IOS
/
Android
).
Puede comunicarse con nosotros a
support@start.io
y haremos nuestro mejor esfuerzo por ayudarle.
Excluirse
.
Usted tiene la opción de excluirse de toda la Red Start.io y/o de compartir sus datos personales con nuestros Socios de datos
haciendo clic en la opción que prefiera en la Sección 12 (
Derechos de exclusión
) a continuación
.
Al excluirse, su
experiencia con los Anuncios que se le proporcionan dentro de la Red Start.io no estará optimizada ni personalizada para usted.
Start.io puede ser un controlador o procesador de sus datos personales, considerando la forma en que se recopilan los datos por o a través de cada Fuente de datos y su uso por nosotros o cada uno de nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales o Socios de datos.
Por la presente acepta el uso de: (a) medios electrónicos para aceptar y completar esta Política y proporcionarle cualquier aviso de conformidad con esta Política; y (b), los registros electrónicos para almacenar la información relacionada con esta Política.
Nuestra Política de privacidad de un vistazo
Sección
Resumen
2
Información sobre usted que recopilamos directa o indirectamente
Recopilamos, procesamos, usamos u compartimos (de conformidad con esta Política) los siguientes datos, si están disponibles para nosotros: su ID de Publicidad, dirección de protocolo de Internet, nombre de la app (donde está instalado nuestro SDK), género y edad (si la compartió o nosotros la asumimos), datos de una consulta de apps instaladas, propiedades del dispositivo, dispositivos emparejados por Bluetooth, sensores del dispositivo, operador, proveedor de servicios de Internet, detalles de la conexión de red y datos Wi-Fi, roaming, zona horaria local, ajustes de idioma, sus intereses y datos de comportamiento asumidos de las palabras claves que nos comparte.
3
Recopilación de su Ubicación
Recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y compartimos (de conformidad con esta Política” los siguientes datos, si están disponibles para nosotros: ubicación exacta (si otorga permiso a la app donde está instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK).
Asumimos su ubicación si está conectado a Wi-Fi y/o una celda de red móvil cuya ubicación asumida es conocida por nosotros.
Su país, ciudad y región pueden estar disponibles para nosotros por su IP y otras Fuentes de datos.
4
Información que recopilamos sobre su interacción con Anuncios o Anunciantes
Cuando interactúa con un Anuncio, la atribución y medición de la publicidad será compartida con nosotros. Podemos recibir uso de post clics y/o actividad dentro de apps móviles a las que conduce el Anuncio o servicios de esas apps.
5
Recopilación de información sensible
Start.io no requiere, ni intencionalmente o con conocimiento recopila o solicita Información sensible alguna de los Usuarios finales
6
Privacidad de los niños
Start.io no recopila ni solicita con conocimiento o intencionalmente información personal de niños (como se definen de conformidad con la legislación correspondiente).
7
Uso de su información personal para Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados
Usaremos (lo que incluye: vender, licenciar o compartir) la información que recopilamos o nos comparten para el Propósito, es decir, entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil y actividad.
8
Uso de su información para otros fines
También usaremos la información recopilada o compartida con nosotros para otros fines, como: mejorar la solución Start.io, desarrollar nuevos servicios o actualizar o mejorar los existentes; operar, mantener, proteger y gestionar la solución Start.io; auditar y hacer seguimiento del uso de las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico; detectar fraudes en relación con la solución Start.io; hacer cumplir esta Política y prevenir actividades ilegales; y cumplir con todas las leyes correspondientes.
9
Compartir datos con terceros
Podemos compartir sus datos (o parte de estos) con
Anunciantes, redes de publicidad, Socios comerciales y/o Socios de datos; socios de atribución; autoridades competentes; y en caso de una fusión, venta o transferencia de todos o parte de nuestros activos o acciones, o en el evento de una reorganización o reconstrucción de nuestro negocio actual.
10
Cookies y recopilación de datos por parte de terceros
Si abre una página web móvil desde una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, podremos colocar una cookie en el navegador de su dispositivo móvil con nuestro ID de publicidad, que será utilizada por nosotros para el Propósito.
11
Datos no personales y/o anonimizados
Los datos no personales y/o anonimizados podrán ser recopilados, procesados y utilizados por nosotros de cualquier manera.
12
Derechos de exclusión (y “No vender mi información” para usuarios finales de California
Puede excluirse fácilmente de cierta recopilación de datos, del proceso de compartirlos y de la publicidad dirigida relacionada con la Red Start.io enviándonos un correo electrónico a
privacy@start.io
, y describiendo el servicio del cual se desea excluir.
Además, los usuarios finales de California pueden llamar al teléfono 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), código de servicio 234, para excluirse.
13
Sus derechos y controles
Tiene el derecho a ejercer cualquiera de los siguientes derechos, sujeto y de conformidad con las leyes que le apliquen, enviándonos un correo electrónico a
dpo@start.io
o
privacy@start.io
,
que describa los derechos que desea ejercer: revocar el consentimiento, borrado (ser olvidado), acceder a sus datos y portabilidad de datos.
14
Seguridad de los datos
Hemos implementado medidas de seguridad físicas, técnicas y administrativas para los Servicios que cumplen con las leyes aplicables y los estándares del sector.
15
Retención de datos
Retenemos los datos personales que recopilamos de conformidad con las leyes correspondientes, pero en ningún caso utilizaremos su información personal para el Propósito durante más de 12 meses.
16
Transferencia de datos por fuera de su territorio
Podemos almacenar o procesar sus datos personales en Estados Unidos o en otros territorios. De acuerdo con las leyes que le apliquen, su consentimiento de esta Política de privacidad incluye su consentimiento expreso para dicha transferencia de sus datos.
17
Usuarios finales de California – CCPA
Información general para los usuarios finales que están regidos por la ley de privacidad del consumidor de California (CCPA)
18
Cambios a la Política
Podemos actualizar esta Política de vez en cuando. La Política más actualizada, al igual que cualquier actualización de esta Política serán publicada y estará disponible en el siguiente enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-es/
.
19
Contáctenos
También puede contactarnos por medio de correo electrónico a:
support@start.io
.
20
Funcionario de Protección de datos
Puede comunicarse con nuestro Funcionario de Protección de datos a:
dpo@start.io
.
Información sobre usted que recopilamos directa o indirectamente mediante nuestras Fuentes de datos
Recopilamos y procesamos los siguientes datos (o parte de estos, considerando la tecnología o integración usada, los datos que tenemos disponibles y otros permisos), si usted descarga una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, y/o si sus datos son compartidos con nosotros cuando estamos integrados o conectados con otras redes, agencias o plataformas de publicidad (como RTB):
Identificadores en línea: ID de publicidad (IDFA para dispositivos iOS y AAID para dispositivo Android) (“
ADID
“).
Direcciones de protocolo de Internet (“
IP
“).
Tenga en cuenta que aunque el ADID y la dirección IP son considerados datos que identifican personalmente en muchas jurisdicciones (como en el Espacio Económico Europeo, EEE), hay algunas jurisdicciones en donde dichos datos no se consideran Datos personales.
Ubicación: como se describe en la Sección 3 a continuación.
Nombre de la App (donde está instalado el SDK) y su categoría; para no SDK: el nombre de la aplicación móvil mediante la cual usted interactúa con la Red Start.io.
Género y edad (cuando la hemos deducido o estrictamente ha sido compartida con nosotros por otra Fuentes de datos)
Datos de una consulta que pregunta si ciertas apps ya están instaladas en su dispositivo móvil (representación hash de una vía).
Otros datos generales: propiedades del dispositivo (sistema operativo, versión del sistema operativo y tipo de dispositivo), dispositivos emparejados por Bluetooth, sensores del dispositivo (como un acelerómetro), su proveedor, prestador de servicios de Internet, detalles de la conexión de red y datos Wi-Fi, roaming, zona horaria local y ajustes de idioma.
El
SDK Start.io
es una porción de software que está integrada o incorporada en apps móviles, que permite a los desarrolladores, propietarios u operadores de estas apps proporcionarle, y a otros usuarios finales, Anuncios personalizados.
“
Anuncio
” o “
Aviso
” significa cualquier tipo de material publicitario, incluidos textos, imágenes, vídeos, anuncios, contenido, fotos, sonidos, gráficas, música, logotipos y cualquier
otro
material o contenido que promocione bienes, servicios, aplicaciones móviles, software, etc., proporcionados, facilitados, apoyados o suministrados por la Red Start.io.
“
RTB
” significa plataforma o solución de “oferta en tiempo real”, por medio de la cual un inventario de publicidad se compra y vende en base a cada impresión, mediante una subasta programática instantánea, que está basada, en la mayoría de los casos, en los datos del usuario que son compartidos por el oferente (anunciante o red de publicidad, como Start.io). El Anunciante que gane la oferta muestra su anuncio al usuario del inventario de ofertas.
Recopilación de su Ubicación
Su ubicación puede estar disponible para nosotros mediante cualquier de las siguientes instancias (en conjunto, la “
Ubicación
“):
Podemos recopilar su ubicación exacta mediante su teléfono móvil, si usted otorga permiso y consentimiento para compartir su ubicación a la App (en la cual está instalado o incorporado el SDK Start.io). Tenga en cuenta que no recopilamos la ubicación en tiempo real, sino su última ubicación conocida que fue puesta a disposición de nuestro SDK.
Podemos asumir su ubicación si está conectado a una Wi-Fi cuya ubicación asumida es conocida por nosotros.
Tenga en cuenta que no podremos recopilar su ubicación de conformidad con las anteriores subsecciones (a) y (b) si usted cancela el permiso que ha otorgado a la App(s) (en la cual está instalado o incorporado el SDK Start.io) para recopilar su ubicación.
Podemos asumir su ubicación recopilando los datos relacionados con la celda de la red móvil a la cual está conectado, si nosotros conocemos la ubicación de dicha celda.
Nosotros podemos tener disponible su país, ciudad y región a partir de su IP recopilado por el SDK u otras Fuentes de datos, o de otros datos que nos comparten terceros (por ejemplo, mediante integración RTB).
Tenga en cuenta que aunque desactive su permiso de geolocalización para una App (mediante el sistema operativo del dispositivo móvil), todavía podremos asumirla y/o recopilarla de otras fuentes disponibles que se describen en las subsecciones (b), (c) y (d).
Puede excluirse de los servicios basados en ubicación en cualquier momento editando los ajustes de su dispositivo. Además, puede excluirse de compartir su ubicación con nosotros de
todas las fuentes
, de la forma como se describe en la Sección 12
(
Derechos de exclusión
) a continuación
.
Información que recopilamos sobre su interacción con Anuncios o Anunciantes
Cuando interactúa con un anuncio que nosotros proporcionemos, apoyemos o facilitemos, la atribución y medición de la publicidad será compartida con nosotros por servicios de terceros (conocidos como “socios de atribución”). Utilizaremos estos datos para topes de frecuencia (por ejemplo, si y cuándo presentarle un Anuncio similar) y atribución y medición de publicidad.
Además, los editores, desarrolladores y/o propietarios de apps móviles, que el Anuncio dirija a sus apps móviles (incluida la instalación por incentivo de una app móvil) y/o servicios, puede compartir con nosotros su uso de post clic y/o actividad dentro de sus apps móviles o servicios luego de su interacción con el Anuncio. Dicho uso y/o actividad puede incluir compras que usted haga (incluido el importe), suscripciones que compre y el nivel de progreso (en los juegos). Esta información será utilizada por nosotros para optimizar las futuras campañas de publicidad de esos editores, desarrolladores y/o propietarios de apps móviles mediante la Red Start.io, al igual que para el Propósito descrito en la siguiente Sección 8.
Recopilación de información sensible
Start.io no requiere, ni intencionalmente o con conocimiento recopila o solicita Información sensible alguna de los Usuarios finales.
El término “Información sensible” tendrá el significado que defina la jurisdicción cuya legislación sobre privacidad le corresponda.
Tenga en cuenta que la definición del término “Información sensible” puede tener significados sustancialmente diferentes en diferentes jurisdicciones. En algunas jurisdicciones, Información sensible puede incluir: origen racial, étnico o comunal; afiliación u opinión política; creencias religiosas o filosóficas, u otras creencias de naturaleza similar; asuntos íntimos o vida sexual; datos financieros, datos de solvencia crediticia, cuentas financieras, número de tarjeta de crédito para pagos; antecedentes penales; condición física o de salud mental, seguros de salud, datos médicos y/o biométricos.
Si tiene conocimiento o cualquier motivo para creer que se le está solicitando proporcionar su Información sensible, o que la Red Start.io ha procesado cualquier información suya que se considere Información sensible, de conformidad con la legislación de privacidad que le aplique, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a
privacy@start.io
y tomaremos los pasos necesarios para asegurarnos que dicha Información sensible sea eliminada inmediatamente de nuestros archivos.
Privacidad de los niños
Start.io cumple con la legislación aplicable relacionada con la protección de la privacidad de los niños, incluida la Ley de Protección de la Privacidad Infantil en Línea (“
COPPA
“). Por lo tanto, no recopilamos o solicitamos, de forma intencional o consciente, información personal de niños, de conformidad a lo definido bajo la ley aplicable, y específicamente: menores de 13 años, si están ubicados en Estados Unidos, o menores de 16 años, si están ubicados en la Unión Europea; (en conjunto: “
Niño
” o “
Niños
“), excepto como lo permita la ley aplicable.
Si tenemos conocimiento real de que un Usuario final se considera niño de conformidad con la ley aplicable, y que procesamos información personal relacionada a ese Usuario final (diferente de la permitida de conformidad con la ley aplicable), tomaremos los pasos inmediatos para eliminar su información personal. Además, solicitamos que los Niños no nos proporcionen voluntariamente ninguna información personal mediante la Red Start.io.
Si tiene conocimiento o cualquier motivo para creer que un Niño ha compartido cualquier Información personal con nosotros, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a
privacy@start.io
y tomaremos los pasos necesarios para asegurarnos que dicha información personal sea eliminada inmediatamente de nuestros archivos, hasta el alcance requerido de conformidad con la ley aplicable.
Uso de su información personal para Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados
Usaremos (lo que incluye: vender, licenciar o compartir) la información que recopilamos o nos comparten para el Propósito, es decir, entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados basándose en su perfil y actividad.
Su perfil es una salida probabilística de nuestros análisis, presunciones y conclusiones con respecto a su comportamiento, intereses e intenciones, basadas en la información suya que hemos recopilado o que nos han compartido todas las Fuentes de datos, como se describe anteriormente, y unificada por nosotros en una sola base de datos sobre usted.
Tenga en cuenta que los Anuncios dirigidos y personalizados pueden serle suministrados por nosotros de nuestro inventario y/o por nuestros Socios comerciales o Socios de datos, con los cuales compartimos sus datos.
Tengan cuenta que una vez que compartimos sus datos con un tercero, los datos están sujetos a las prácticas de privacidad de dicho tercero.
La lista de Socios comerciales y Socios de datos que nos han pedido poner a su disposición sus políticas de privacidad está disponible en:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal: la base legal para el procesamiento de su información personal para el Propósito es su consentimiento, el cual usted puede proporcionarnos directamente o indirectamente a través de terceros
(como por señales o señas RTB). Su consentimiento para nosotros puede ser general (para todos los datos que recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y/o compartimos) o con respecto a datos específicos compartidos con nosotros en ciertos eventos (como los datos compartidos junto con señales o señas RTV). Nosotros cumpliremos con el alcance del consentimiento que usted nos proporciona o comparte con nosotros.
Tenga en cuenta que cuando ciertos datos son compartidos con nosotros por un tercero con una señal de “no consentimiento” (o señal equivalente), esto no afecta el consentimiento que usted nos ha otorgado en general o mediante otras señales (con una señal de “consentimiento”), ni lo consideramos como ejercicio de sus derechos de conformidad con la Sección 12 (Derechos de exclusión) o la Sección 13 (Sus opciones y controles), que tienen que haber sido ejercidos como se describe en estos.
Consulte la Sección 12 (Derechos de exclusión) y la Sección 13 (Sus opciones y controles) a continuación para excluirse de la Red Start.io o ejercitar otros derechos que se le otorgan de conformidad con cualquier ley aplicable.
Uso de su información para otros fines
La información que recopilamos, y la que se comparte con nosotros, será utilizada para los siguientes propósitos adicionales:
Para mejorar la solución Start.io, desarrollar nuevos servicios, actualizar o mejorar servicios existentes y para mejorar su experiencia con la solución Start.io.
Para operar, mantener, proteger y gestionar la solución Start.io y para gestionar otros aspectos administrativos y operacionales de nuestra solución Start.io.
Para auditar y hacer seguimiento a las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico, y para detectar fraudes relacionados con la solución Start.io.
Para proteger los derechos o propiedad de Start.io o de terceros.
Para hacer cumplir esta Política y prevenir las actividades ilegales y el uso indebido de la solución Start.io.
Para establecer o ejercer nuestro derecho de defensa contra reclamaciones legales.
Poder prevenir el perjuicio a los derechos, propiedad o seguridad nuestra, de nuestros usuarios, suya o de cualquier tercero, o para fines de colaborar con las agencias de cumplimiento de la ley, o en caso que lo consideremos necesario, para hacer cumplir los derechos de propiedad intelectual y otros derechos legales.
Para cumplir con cualquier ley aplicable y ayudar a las agencias de cumplimiento de la ley cuando de buena fe creamos que nuestra cooperación con ellos cumple con los estándares legales aplicables.
Para llevar a cabo cualquier acción en caso de una disputa que lo involucra, con respecto a la solución Start.io.
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal, el uso de sus datos para el anterior propósito está basado en nuestro interés legítimo de: (i) operar, proporcionar, mantener, proteger, gestionar, personalizar y mejorar la solución Start.io (su ADID no es necesario para realizar estas acciones); (ii) auditar y hacer seguimiento a las estadísticas de uso y flujo de tráfico, detectar fraudes en relación con la solución Start.io y calcular los pagos (su información personal no es necesaria para realizar estas acciones); y (iii) proteger los derechos o propiedad de Start.io o de terceros.
Compartir datos con terceros
Podemos compartir sus datos (o parte de estos) de conformidad con lo siguiente:
Compartiremos, licenciaremos, venderemos, transferiremos o pondremos a disposición sus datos (o parte de estos) a los Anunciantes, redes de publicidad, Socios comerciales y/o nuestros Socios de datos, que podrán usarla para entregarle anuncios dirigidos y/o personalizados, como se describe en la anterior Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
), y de conformidad con su consentimiento como se describe aquí.
También compartiremos los ADID que recopilamos con los socios de atribución para fines de medición y atribución de la publicidad, lo que se usa para calcular pagos y detectar tráfico inválido (fraude), y problemas de seguridad o técnicos relacionados con la solución Start.io.
Si usted ha incumplido los Términos de esta Política, abusado de sus derechos de uso de la App, o violado cualquier ley aplicable, o en caso de cualquier otra disputa, o proceso legal de cualquier tipo que lo involucra con respecto a la App, su información podrá ser compartida con las autoridades competentes y con cualquier tercero, según sea necesario.
Podemos compartir la información que recopilamos u obtenemos por medio de la App con las autoridades, entidades o personas relevantes, si estamos obligados por la ley a compartir o divulgar su información.
La información que lo identifica personalmente puede ser compartida o transferida a las entidades de nuestro grupo del afiliadas corporativas (entidades controladas, bajo control común o que nos controlan, directa o indirectamente, las “
Afiliadas
“), pero su uso de la información debe cumplir con esta Política.
En caso de quiebra, disolución y otros eventos de liquidación o insolvencia, o en caso de fusión, venta o transferencia de todos o una porción de nuestros activos o acciones, y otras reorganizaciones o reconstrucciones de nuestra empresa actual, la información que recibimos, recopilamos u obtenemos, como se describe en las anteriores secciones, puede ser compartida o transferida a la entidad respectiva hasta el alcance necesario para la prestación de los servicios, siempre y cuando acepte estar regida por las disposiciones de esta Política, con los cambios razonablemente necesarios tomados en consideración. Al momento de dicha transferencia o al compartir la información, la entidad asumirá la responsabilidad completa y exclusiva del uso y procesamiento subsecuente que haga de la información, y nosotros estaremos exonerados de cualquier responsabilidad hacia usted, con relación al posterior
uso y procesamiento de la información por parte de esta.
En cualquier otro caso diferente al anteriormente mencionado en esta Política, la información que lo identifica personalmente únicamente será compartida con terceros si usted nos otorga su consentimiento, como se describe en la anterior Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
).
En aquellas jurisdicciones que requieran una base legal para el procesamiento de información personal, compartir sus datos de conformidad con la subsección (a) se basa en su consentimiento, como se describe en la Sección 7 (
Uso de su información personal
), y para otras subsecciones se basa en nuestros legítimos intereses.
Cookies y recopilación de datos por parte de terceros
Si abre una página web móvil desde una App que tenga instalado o incorporado nuestro SDK, podremos colocar una cookie en el navegador de su dispositivo móvil con nuestro ID de publicidad, que será utilizada por nosotros para el Propósito (entregarle anuncios dirigidos y personalizados en dicho navegador móvil) (la “
Cookie
“). Al realizar campañas de publicidad, proporcionadas, facilitadas o apoyadas por nosotros, en su navegador móvil, la Cookie nos permite identificarlo como usuario del navegador móvil y personalizarlo de acuerdo.
La mayoría de los navegadores permiten que borre las cookies del dispositivo, bloquee la aceptación de cookies o reciba una advertencia antes de almacenarlas. Sin embargo, si bloquea o elimina las cookies, su experiencia puede ser limitada. Para obtener más información sobre las cookies y los controles que tiene para estas, puede visitar los siguientes enlaces:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Datos no personales y/o anonimizados
Podemos recopilar, procesar y utilizar datos no personales y/o anonimizados, que no lo identifican personalmente (lo que incluye datos personales que han sido posteriormente anonimizados). Dichos datos no personales y/o anonimizados pueden ser recopilados, procesados y usados por nosotros de cualquier forma, incluyendo la publicación, diseminación, transmisión o de cualquier forma compartirlos o comunicarlos, o ponerlos a disposición de terceros.
Por ejemplo: (i) podemos usar sus datos, luego de eliminar su identificador de publicidad (ADID), para fines de investigación de mercados; y (ii) el SDK de Start.io incluye el Open Measurement Software Development Kit de IAB TECH LAB (” SDK OM”) para fines de verificar que los anuncios efectivamente fueron visualizados. Nosotros no compartimos ningún dato personal con IAB ni mediante el SDK OM.
Derechos de exclusión
Puede excluirse fácilmente de cierta recopilación de datos, del proceso de compartirlos y de la publicidad dirigida relacionada con la Red Start.io enviándonos un correo electrónico a
privacy@start.io
, y describiendo el servicio del cual se desea excluir.
Tenga en cuenta que puede que tengamos que contactarlo si tenemos que verificar su identidad, a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su solicitud. Por la presente usted acepta que utilicemos su correo electrónico para ese fin.
Cumpliremos con su solicitud a más tardar treinta (30) días después de recibirla, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
Excluirse le ofrece la opción de recibir anuncios que no están dirigidos a usted y a controlar los datos que de usted recopilamos para el propósito de mostrar Anuncios. Tenga en cuenta que incluso si se excluye, aún puede recibir Anuncios de la Red Start.io, pero de conformidad con su elección de exoneración, dichos Anuncios no serán personalizados o dirigidos por nosotros.
Su elección
Efecto de excluirse
Excluirse de la Red Start.io.
(i) Nosotros (a) anonimizaremos todos sus datos, eliminando su ADID (lo que garantiza que no podrá ser identificado personalmente); y/o (b) eliminaremos sus datos personales como se describe en la Sección 15 (
Retención de datos
);
(ii) Los anuncios proporcionados o basados en la solución Start.io no estarán personalizados para usted, y puede que no le sean relevantes, lo cual limitará su experiencia con la solución Start.io;
(iii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos personales, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
“No vender mi información personal”, para usuarios finales regidos por la CCPA
No compartiremos su información personal con nuestros clientes, como anunciantes, plataformas DSP y socios de datos. Tenga en cuenta que podemos continuar permitiendo o activando la entrega de anuncios que no utilicen sus datos personales (es decir, que no están dirigidos ni personalizados de acuerdo con su perfil o información personal).
Dejar de compartir su ubicación con nosotros y con nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos
(i) Dejaremos de compartir su ubicación en todas las formas descritas en la Sección 3 de esta póliza;
(ii) Anonimizaremos sus datos de Ubicación;
(iii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos de ubicación, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
Dejar de compartir sus datos con nuestros Socios de datos; y/o
Excluirse de los Socios de datos
(i) No compartiremos su ADID con nuestros Socios de datos;
(ii) Comunicaremos su elección a nuestros Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que eliminen sus datos personales, o que los anonimicen para hacerlos inidentificables.
Sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que nosotros no somos responsables por las prácticas de seguridad de nuestros Socios de datos ni de otros terceros. Le animamos a que revise las políticas de privacidad de nuestros Socios de datos, que están disponibles en:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Excluirse de compartir los datos con nuestros Socios de datos no constituye una exclusión de toda la Red Start.io. Por lo tanto, sus datos aún podrán ser procesados por Start.io y sus Anunciantes y Socios comerciales. Puede elegir excluirse de toda la Red Start.io, como se describe anteriormente.
Excluirse de guardar una cookie en su navegador móvil
No podremos hacer posible, habilitar o colocar Anuncios personalizados para usted en su navegador móvil.
Además, usted puede controlar cómo responde su navegador a las cookies, ajustando la configuración de privacidad y seguridad de su navegador web (como se describe en la anterior sección Cookies).
No respondemos a señales de No rastrear. Para obtener más información sobre las señales No rastrear, consulte:
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Además de lo anterior, usted puede limitar que su dispositivo móvil divulgue ciertos datos a nosotros, nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, ajustando la configuración de su dispositivo móvil.
Para dispositivos móviles iOS
, vaya a “Configuración” desde la pantalla de inicio del dispositivo; desplácese bajando hasta “Privacidad”; seleccione “Publicidad”; y active “Limitar rastreo de anuncios.”;
Para dispositivos móviles Android
, vaya a “Ajustes de Google” en el dispositivo; seleccione “Anuncios”; y marque la casilla “Excluirse de anuncios basados en Internet.”
Lea la información específica del dispositivo para conocer más sobre sus preferencias personales de publicidad:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
También puede
contactarnos
y estaremos encantados de ayudarle.
Sus derechos y controles
Además de sus Derechos de exclusión (la anterior Sección 12), usted tiene derecho a ejercer cualquiera de los siguientes derechos (o sus equivalentes), al igual que otros derechos que se le otorgan, sujetos y de conformidad con las leyes que le aplican, que le otorgan dichos derechos (si los tiene) (sus (“
Derecho
(s)”). Puede ejercer sus Derechos enviándonos un correo electrónico a
dpo@start.io
, en el cual describa los derechos que desea ejercer (tales como: “
Revocación de consentimiento
“) (la “
Solicitud
“). Puede que tengamos que comunicarnos con usted para procesar su Solicitud, incluso para verificar su identidad. Al enviarnos una Solicitud, por la presente acepta que nos comunicaremos con usted para dicho fin.
Su derecho
Acción de Start.io
A1. Revocación del consentimiento
Si la base legal para la recopilación y procesamiento de su información personal es su consentimiento, usted puede revocar el consentimiento que nos ha otorgado (directa o indirectamente)
(i) Nosotros (a) anonimizaremos todos sus datos, eliminando su ADID; o (b) eliminaremos sus datos personales como se describe en la Sección 15 (
Retención de datos
);
(iii) Comunicaremos su solicitud a nuestros Anunciantes, Socios comerciales y Socios de datos, y les solicitaremos que anonimicen sus datos
Podemos contactarlo si tenemos que verificar su identidad, a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su Solicitud.
Cumpliremos con su Derecho a más tardar treinta (30) días después de recibir su Solicitud, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
A2. Derecho a objetar
Puede objetar el procesamiento que nosotros hacemos de sus datos personales
A3. Derecho a borrado
(ser olvidado)
Tiene derecho a solicitarnos que eliminemos o quitemos los datos personales recopilados o compartidos por nosotros en toda la Red Start.io
B1. Derecho de acceso/
B2. Portabilidad de datos
Tiene derecho a recibir una copia de los datos que nosotros hemos recopilado o compartido en toda la Red Start.io y/o a que los transfiramos a un tercero
Le enviaremos a su dirección de correo electrónico una copia de los datos que hemos recopilado de usted en el curso del uso de la solución Start.io. Por la presente usted acepta y nos autoriza a enviarle dicho correo electrónico y para comunicarnos con usted para procesar su Solicitud, incluido para verificar su identidad, si es necesario.
Cumpliremos con su Derecho a más tardar catorce (14) días después de recibir su Solicitud, o verificar su identidad (como corresponda).
Luego de recibir una copia de sus datos, puede pedirnos que rectifiquemos o eliminemos dichos datos (por ejemplo, anonimizándolos).
El ejercicio de los anteriores Derechos no afectará la legalidad del procesamiento basado en consentimiento antes de que fueran ejercidos. Podemos continuar procesando la información para la cual no se requiere su consentimiento, de conformidad con todas las leyes correspondientes. Tenga en cuenta que las leyes de privacidad de datos y relacionadas de su jurisdicción pueden proporcionarle derechos diferentes o adicionales con relación a sus datos, que también pueden aplicar.
Cuando no podamos suministrar los datos que ha solicitado, haremos todos los esfuerzos necesarios para explicar las razones de esto, e informarle de sus derechos, incluido el derecho a quejarse ante la autoridad supervisora.
Cuando nosotros estemos en posición de procesador de sus datos, ejerceremos los anteriores derechos si recibimos una solicitud del controlador de datos sin validar su identidad. En otras circunstancias, dichas validaciones pueden ser una condición para que nosotros ejerzamos sus Derechos.
Luego de excluirse de la Red Start.io y/o ejercer cualquier otro derecho de conformidad con las anteriores categorías A1-3 (i) podemos continuar recibiendo datos suyos de otras entidades que utilizan la solución Start.io o mediante la Red Start.io. Sin embargo, siempre que procesemos sus datos personales para el propósito de entregar anuncios con base en los datos compartidos con nosotros (por ejemplo: en nuestra capacidad únicamente como procesador de datos); (ii) podremos entregarle Anuncios que no están basados en su perfil ni dirigidos a usted; (iii) continuaremos procesando los datos que no requieren su consentimiento; y (iv) si nos otorga de nuevo su consentimiento (directa o indirectamente como se establece anteriormente), procesaremos los datos de conformidad con esta Política, siempre que únicamente los datos recopilados o compartidos con nosotros luego de su nuevo consentimiento sean usados por nosotros para el Propósito.
Seguridad de los datos
Su privacidad es muy importante para Start.io y estamos comprometidos con proteger sus Datos personales de acceso, uso o divulgación no autorizada. Hemos implementado medidas de seguridad físicas, técnicas y administrativas para los Servicios que cumplen con las leyes aplicables y los estándares del sector. Para obtener más información sobre nuestras medidas de seguridad, haga clic
aquí
.
Aunque tomamos los pasos razonables para salvaguardar la información, a menos que se establezca lo contrario en las leyes correspondientes, no podemos ser responsables por los actos de quienes logran acceso no autorizado o abusan de nuestros Servicios, y no garantizamos, expresa, implícitamente, ni de cualquier otra manera, que tendremos la capacidad de prevenir dicho acceso.
Retención de datos
Retenemos los datos personales que recopilamos, de conformidad y en cumplimiento con las leyes correspondientes, y de acuerdo con lo siguiente:
En cualquiera de los eventos descritos en las Secciones 12 (
Derechos de exclusión
) o 13 (
Sus elecciones y controles, categorías A1-3
) nosotros (i) anonimizaremos sus datos eliminando el ADID almacenado en nuestra base de datos operacional; y/o (ii) eliminaremos los datos personales realmente recopilados de usted, cuya recopilación y procesamiento necesitó de su consentimiento;
No utilizaremos su información personal para el Propósito durante más de 12 meses. Eliminaremos de nuestra base de datos operacional los datos con antigüedad mayor a 12 meses
o
anonimizaremos sus datos eliminando el ADID de nuestra base de datos operacional (y subsecuentemente no podremos utilizar los datos personales recopilados y procesados sobre usted para el Propósito).
Sin embargo
, cuando eliminemos o anonimicemos su ADID y/o sus datos de nuestras
bases de datos operaciones
, estos no serán eliminados de nuestro
archivo
, debido a la limitación técnica del diseño de la plataforma, que hace imposible reescribir todo el código en que consiste su ADID. Hemos rediseñado nuestra plataforma de una manera que sus datos personales, que quedan en nuestro archivo luego de su solicitud de exclusión de la Red Start.io (o solicitud equivalente), no sean procesados, usados o compartidos con ningún tercero luego de dicha solicitud.
Transferencia de datos por fuera de su territorio
Podemos almacenar o procesar sus datos personales en Estados Unidos o en otros territorios. Podemos transferir, almacenar o tratar sus datos personales mediante proveedores externos y procesadores de datos ubicados en Estados Unidos y otros territorios.
Si usted es residente de una jurisdicción donde la transferencia de sus Datos personales requiere su consentimiento, entonces su consentimiento a esta Política de privacidad incluye su consentimiento expreso para dicha transferencia de sus datos.
Si usted es residente del Espacio Económico Europeo (“
EEE
“), tomaremos las medidas apropiadas para asegurarnos que sus datos personales reciban un nivel adecuado de protección de datos cuando sean transferidos por fuera del EEE.
Todas las transferencias, ya sea a terceros o internas, de la información personal desde el Espacio Económico Europeo hacia países que no se considere que ofrecen un nivel adecuado de protección para los datos estarán regidas por las Cláusulas Contractuales Estándar de la Unión Europea (UE) o reglamentaciones de transferencia de datos equivalentes, para proteger la seguridad y confidencialidad de la información personal.
Usuarios finales de California – CCPA
Sin perjuicio de las disposiciones de esta Política, tenga en cuenta que:
Las categorías de datos personales recopiladas por Start.io se detallan en las secciones 2, 3 y 4
El uso que hacemos de los datos (incluido compartir los datos) se detalla en las secciones 7,8 y 9
Sus derechos, de exclusión y otros, se detallan en las secciones 12 y 13
Cambios a la Política
Podemos actualizar esta Política de vez en cuando. Los cambios sustanciales tomarán efecto 30 días después de la actualización. Los demás cambios tomarán efecto 7 días luego de la actualización. Si esta Política se enmienda para cumplir con requerimientos legales, las enmiendas entrarán en vigencia inmediatamente. La Política más actualizada, al igual que cualquier actualización de esta Política serán publicada y estará disponible en el siguiente enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
. Lo animamos para que revise la Política periódicamente para asegurarse de comprender cómo recopilamos, procesamos, usamos y compartimos su información en toda la Red Start.io.
Contáctenos
Si tiene cualquier pregunta sobre esta Política, por favor, comuníquese con nosotros a:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206, Nueva York, NY, 10012
.
También puede contactarnos por medio de correo electrónico a:
privacy@start.io
.
Funcionario de Protección de datos
Si tiene cualquier solicitud relacionada con la recopilación de datos de conformidad con esta Política, incluidas, sin limitación, solicitudes para eliminar, quitar, enmendar, modificar o transferir los datos, comuníquese con nuestro Funcionario de Protección de datos a
dpo@start.io
.
Asegúrese de incluir su nombre, dirección y dirección de correo electrónico en toda la correspondencia con nosotros, para que podamos responder su solicitud de manera oportuna.
Para su comodidad, esta Política ha sido traducida del inglés a varios otros idiomas. Por favor tenga en cuenta que si hay alguna discrepancia o inconsistencia entre la traducción disponible para usted (si la hay) y la versión en inglés, la versión en inglés (disponible en: enlace:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) prevalecerá.
Última actualización: 14.2.2021
Start.io-Datenschutzrichtlinie für Endbenutzer
Start.io Inc. und seine verbundenen Unternehmen (früher: StartApp Inc.: „
wir
“, „
uns
,“ „
unser
“ oder „
Start.io
“) achtet auf Ihren Datenschutz.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie „
Richtlinie
“) erläutert Start.io Datenschutzpraktiken hinsichtlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen über das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk hinweg, wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen sammeln, verwenden und teilen, sowie Ihre Rechte und Optionen hinsichtlich Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten.
Wer sind wir?
Start.io ist ein Unternehmen für mobile Werbung und Datenverarbeitung, das eine Werbeplattform samt zugehöriger Softwarelösung und Netzwerk (die „
Start.io-Lösung
“) unterhält. Ziel ist es, Personen (die „
Benutzer
“) auf der Grundlage ihres Profils personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen.
Nähere Informationen über Start.io finden Sie auf unserer Website:
www.start.io
Sie können uns auch kontaktieren unter
support@start.io
.
Einführung zum Start.io-Netzwerk.
Die Start.io-Lösung sammelt und verarbeitet Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, Ihren Standort und weitere Daten, die aus verschiedenen Quellen (etwa unserem Softwareentwicklungssystem oder Software Development Kit Start.io SDK) stammen, welche integriert sind in eine Vielzahl mobiler Anwendungen, in die Plattform Start.io RTB (für Real Time Bidding oder Echtzeitauktionen) für das Schalten von Anzeigen in Echtzeit sowie in Plattformen unserer Partner, Anzeigenkunden und sonstigen Datenanbietern auf der Zuliefererseite. „
Datenquellen
“).
Start.io teilt die besagten Daten (ganz oder teilweise) mit – oder macht sie den folgenden externen Parteien verfügbar: (i) Werbetreibenden, welche ihre Kampagnen über das Inventar von Start.io schalten (mobile Anwendungen, die direkt an Start.io oder indirekt über andere Werbenetzwerke oder -pattformen angebunden sind; die „
Werbetreibenden
“); (ii) Werbeagenturen und anderen Geschäftspartnern, die ihre Kampagnen über das Inventar von Start.io oder über ihr unabhängiges Inventar schalten und bei denen es sich bezüglich der betreffenden Daten um „Datenverarbeiter“ oder „Datenverantwortliche“ handeln kann (zusammengefasst: „
Geschäftspartner
“); und (ii) Dritten, welche ihre eigenen Datenbanken, Lösungen oder Plattformen betreiben, wobei sie als „Datenverantwortliche“ der Daten fungieren und Ihre Daten zusammen mit anderen von ihnen über Sie verarbeiteten Daten verwenden können („
Datenpartner
“).
„
Start.io Netzwerk
“ steht für das Werbenetzwerk von Start.io, welches einerseits Datenquellen und andererseits Werbetreibende, Geschäftspartner und Datenpartner umfasst, wobei Ihre Daten zum unten genannten Zweck gesammelt, verarbeitet, verwendet, verfügbar gemacht und geteilt werden.
Zweck der Datenverarbeitung.
Ihre Daten werden von Start.io zu dem
Zweck über das Start.io-Netzwerk
gesammelt, verarbeitet, verwendet und geteilt,
Ihnen auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzuzeigen
(der „
Zweck
“) unter der Voraussetzung, dass wir Ihre
Daten, wenn wir sie anonymisieren, auch für andere Zwecke verwenden können (
zusammen
: der “Zweck”).
Nicht-personenbezogene und/oder anonymisierte Daten, sind Daten, die Sie weder persönlich identifizieren noch identifizierbar sind. Die Anonymisierung kann durch Löschen, Hashing oder Verschlüsselung Ihrer Werbe-ID (oder MAID) erfolgen, die Ihre eindeutige Kennung ist, die von uns verwendet wird, um Ihre Daten von den Daten anderer Nutzer zu unterscheiden und sie damit identifizierbar zu machen.
Wenn wir Ihre Daten mit Dritten (Werbetreibenden, Geschäftspartnern oder Datenpartnern) teilen, verpflichten wir diese vertraglich dazu, die Daten zur zum genannten Zweck zu verwenden, es sei denn, sie erklären, die betreffenden Daten auf der Grundlage einer von Ihnen erteilten Zustimmung oder einer anderen Rechtsgrundlage für andere Zwecke verwenden zu können.
Erhalt von Werbung einstellen; kontaktieren Sie unseren Kundendienst unter
support@start.io
.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass es nicht im Ermessen von Start.io liegt, ob Sie in einer von Ihnen benutzten Mobilanwendung Werbung angezeigt bekommen, sondern dass der Entwickler oder Anbieter der betreffenden App derjenige ist, der unsere Leistungen (direkt oder indirekt) in Anspruch nimmt. Wir sind jedoch der Ansicht, dass Ihnen diese Werbung zugute kommt, da das Anzeigen von Werbung in den meisten Fällen von entscheidender Bedeutung dafür ist, dass der Anbieter seine Apps und Leistungen kostenlos anbieten kann. Darüber hinaus gilt, dass wenn der Entwickler oder Anbieter einer App unsere Dienste (direkt oder indirekt) nutzt,
die Ihnen angezeigte Werbung optimiert und auf Sie abgestimmt werden kann, was Ihr Benutzererlebnis mit der App verbessert
.
Wenn Sie keine Werbung mehr erhalten möchten, müssen Sie Ihre entsprechende Anfrage an den
Entwickler
oder Anbieter der App richten, wobei Sie die näheren Angaben zu diesen in
Google Play
oder dem
Apple App Store
finden. Alternativ können Sie auch die Einstellungen Ihres Mobiltelefons ändern (
IOS
/
Android
).
Sie können uns gerne unter
support@start.io
kontaktieren und wir tun dann unserer Bestes, um Ihnen zu helfen.
Abmelden.
Sie können sich generell von der Nutzung des Start.io-Netzwerks oder davon abmelden, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern geteilt werden.
Klicken Sie dazu unten in Abschnitt 12 (
Opt-out-Rechte
) die gewünschte Option an
.
Wenn Sie sich abmelden,
wird Ihr Benutzererlebnis hinsichtlich der Ihnen im Start.io-Netzwerk angezeigten Werbung nicht für Sie optimiert oder individuell angepasst.
Start.io kann Datenverantwortlicher oder Datenverarbeiter Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten sein, was die Art und Weise der Datenerhebung durch die jeweilige Datenquelle und die Verwendung der Daten durch uns oder die jeweiligen Werbetreibenden, Geschäftspartner oder Datenpartner angeht.
Sie stimmen hiermit Folgendem zu: (a) der Nutzung elektronischer Mittel zum Erteilen der Zustimmung zu dieser Richtlinie und zur Zusendung von Mitteilungen im Zusammenhang mit der Erfüllung vorliegender Richtlinie; und (b) der Verwaltung elektronischer Aufzeichnungen zur Speicherung von Daten im Zusammenhang mit dieser Richtlinie.
Unsere Datenschutzrichtlinie im Überblick
Abschnitt
Zusammenfassung
2
Informationen, die wir direkt oder indirekt bei Ihnen einholen:
Wir erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und teilen (gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie) die folgenden Ihrer Daten, wenn sie uns zur Verfügung stehen: Werbe-ID, Internetprotokolladresse, Standort, Name der App (wo Ihr SDK installiert ist), Geschlecht und Alter (falls uns mitgeteilt oder von uns geschätzt), Daten aus Anfragen installierter Apps, Geräteeigenschaften, per Bluetooth angekoppelte Geräte, Gerätesensoren, Netzbetreiber, ISP, Informationen zu Netzwerkverbindung, WLAN und Roaming, lolake Zeitzone, Spracheinstellungen sowie Daten zu Ihren Interessen und Ihrem Navigationsverhalten auf der Grundlage von Schlüsselwörtern, die Sie mit uns teilen.
3
Erfassung Ihres Standorts
Wir erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und teilen (gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie) die folgenden Daten, falls sie uns zur Verfügung stehen: genauer Standort (falls Sie dies der App gestatten, in der Ihr SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist).
Wir schließen auf Ihren Standort, wenn Sie per WLAN oder über eine Mobilfunkzelle verbunden sind, deren angenommener Standort uns bekannt ist.
Ihr Land, Ihre Stadt und Region können uns anhand Ihrer IP-Adresse oder anderer Datenquellen zur Verfügung stehen.
4
Informationen, die wir anhand Ihrer Interaktion mit Werbung unserer Werbetreibenden erheben.
Wenn Sie mit einer Werbung interagieren, werden Anzeigen-Attribution und Werbewirkungsmessungen mit uns geteilt. Wir können Nutzungs- und Aktivitätsdaten aus dem Post-Click-Tracking mobiler Apps oder Appdienste erhalten, zu denen die Werbeanzeigen führen.
5
Sammeln sensibler Informationen
Start.io verlangt keine sensiblen Informationen von Endnutzern und sammelt diese auch nicht wissentlich oder absichtlich.
6
Datenschutz bei Kindern
Start.io erhebt wissent- oder willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen zu Kindern (gemäß Definition unter anwendbarem Recht) und fordert solche auch nicht an.
7
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen zur Auslieferung personalisierter, gezielter Werbung
Wir verwenden (inklusive verkaufen, lizenzieren oder teilen) die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen unter anderem zu folgenden Zwecken: Auslieferung gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Sie auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils und Ihrer Aktivität.
8
Verwendung Ihrer Informationen zu anderen Zwecken
Wir verwenden die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen darüber hinaus zu weiteren Zwecken, darunter die folgenden: Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung, Entwicklung neuer Dienste oder Aktualisierung der bestehenden; Betrieb, Instandhaltung, Schutz und Verwaltung der Start.io-Lösung; Prüfung und Nachverfolgung von Benutzerstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss; Erkennung von betrügerischem Verhalten im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung; Durchsetzung dieser Richtlinie und Verhinderung ungesetzlicher Aktivitäten; Erfüllung jeglicher anwendbarer Gesetze.
9
Teilen von Daten mit Dritten
Wir teilen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) mit
Werbetreibenden, Werbenetzwerken, Geschäftspartnern oder Datenpartnern, Attribution-Partnern; zuständigen Behörden, den verbundenen Unternehmen unserer Gruppe sowie im Fall einer Fusion, eines Unterrnehmensverkaufs bzw. einer vollständigen oder teilweisen Übertragung von Aktiva oder Geschäftsanteilen sowie weiterhin bei jeglicher sonstigen Umstrukturierung unseres Geschäfts.
10
Cookies und Datenerhebung durch Dritte
Wenn Sie eine mobile Webseite von einer App aus öffnen, in der/die unser SDK installiert oder eingebettet ist, können wir einen Cookie mit Ihrer Werbe-ID im Browser Ihres Mobilgeräts setzen, welchen wir zum genannten Zweck verwenden.
11
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten können von uns in jeglicher Form erhoben, verarbeitet und verwendet werden.
12
Opt-out-Rechte
(und “Verkaufen Sie meine persönlichen Daten nicht” für kalifornische Endbenutzer)
Sie können sich von bestimmten Formen des Erhebens und Teilens von Daten sowie der Auslieferung gezielter Werbung im Zusammenhang mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk abmelden. Senden Sie uns dazu eine E-Mail an
privacy@start.io
oder
privacy@start.io
. Geben Sie bitte an, auf welchen Dienst sich Ihre Abmeldung bezieht.
Darüber hinaus können kalifornische Endbenutzer die Nummer 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688) anrufen (Servicecode: 234), um sich abzumelden.
13
Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle
Sie können gemäß den für Sie geltenden Gesetzen jederzeit jegliches der nachfolgend genannten Rechte ausüben; senden Sie uns dazu bitte eine E-Mail an
dpo@start.io
und geben Sie darin das/die Recht(e) an, das oder die Sie ausüben möchten: Zustimmung zurückziehen, Widerspruch gegen Daten, Löschung (Recht auf Vergessenwerden), Zugriff auf Ihre Daten, Datenportabilität.
14
Datensicherheit
Wir haben physische, technische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen für die Dienste implementiert, die den anwendbaren Gesetzen und Branchenstandards entsprechen.
15
Datenspeicherung
Wir bewahren die von uns erhobenen, personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen auf, doch unter keinen Umständen verwenden wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu den genannten Zwecken über einen Zeitraum von mehr als 12 Monaten hinweg.
16
Übertragung von Daten aus Ihrem Gebiet in andere Gebiete
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten oder anderen Gebieten speichern oder verarbeiten. Unter Beachtung der für Sie geltenden Datenschutzgesetze gilt, dass Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie die ausdrückliche Zustimmung zu einem solchen Datentransfer umfasst.
17
Kalifornische Endanwender – CCPA
Allgemeine Informationen für Endanwender, die dem CCPA unterliegen.
18
Änderungen an der Richtlinie
Diese Richtlinie kann von uns gelegentlich aktualisiert werden. Die jeweils aktuellste Fassung der Richtlinie sowie jegliche Aktualisierung dieser Richtlinie werden veröffentlicht und sind unter folgendem Link verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-de/
.
19
Kontakt
Sie erreichen uns auch per E-Mail unter:
support@start.io
.
20
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten erreichen Sie unter:
dpo@start.io
.
Informationen, die wir über unsere Datenquellen direkt oder indirekt bei Ihnen einholen
Wir erheben und verarbeiten die folgenden Daten (oder Teile davon, je nach verwendeter Technologie oder Integration, den uns verfügbaren Daten und sonstigen Voraussetzungen), wenn Sie eine App herunterladen, in der unsere Start.io-SDK installiert oder eingebunden ist, wenn Ihre Daten mit uns geteilt werden sowie dann, wenn wir in andere Werbenetzwerke, Agenturen oder Plattformen (wie etwa RTB) integriert oder mit ihnen verbunden sind:
Online-Kennungen Werbe-ID (Advertising AD, „
ADID
“); IDFA bei iOS-Geräten und AAID bei Android.
Interneprotokoll-Adressen („
IP“
).
Bitte beachten Sie: Zwar gelten ADID und IP-Adressen in manchen Jurisdiktionen als personenbezogene Daten (etwa im EWR), doch in anderen Jurisdiktionen hingegen gelten sie nicht als personenbezogene Daten.
Standort – wie unten in Abschnitt 3 dargelegt
Name der App (in welcher das SDK installiert ist) und ihre Kategorie; falls ohne SDK: Name der Mobilanwendung, über welche Sie mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk interagieren.
Geschlecht und Alter (entweder in Form einer Schlussfolgerung unsererseits oder uns unter Beachtung aller Vorschriften von einer anderen Datenquelle mitgeteilt)
Daten aus Anfragen, anhand derer wir ermitteln, ob auf Ihrem Mobilgerät bereits bestimmte Apps installiert sind (Einweg-Hashfunktionen).
Sonstige allgemeine Daten: Geräteeigenschaften (Betriebssystem, Version des Betriebssystems und Gerätetyp), per Bluetooth gekoppelte Geräte, Gerätesensoren (etwa Beschleunigungssensoren), Ihr Netzbetreiber, ISP, Informationen zu Netzverbindung und WLAN-Daten, Roaming, lokaler Zeitzone und Spracheinstellungen.
Start.io-SDK
ist ein Programm, welches in Mobilapps integriert oder in sie eingebettet ist und die App-Entwickler, Eigentümer oder Betreiber in die Lage versetzt Sie und andere Endbenutzer mit personalisierter Werbung zu bedienen.
„
Werbung
“ oder „
Anzeige
“ steht für jede Art von Werbematerial einschließlich Text, Bildern, Video, Anzeigen, Fotos, Ton, Grafiken , Musik, Logos und jeglichen
sonstigen
Materialien oder Inhalten, mit welchen für Güter und Leistungen oder Mobilanwendungen, Software usw. geworben wird, die vom Start.io-Netzwerk betrieben, freigegeben, unterstützt oder zur Verfügung gestellt werden.
„
RTB
“ steht für „Real Time Bidding-Plattform“ oder „-Lösung“, anhand derer auf der Grundlage von Impressions über programmgesteuerte Auktionen in Echtzeit Werbeinventar gekauft und verkauft wird, wozu in der Regel Benutzerdaten mit dem Bieter (Werbetreibende oder Werbenetzwerke wie Start.io) geteilt werden. Werbetreibende, die eine Auktion gewinnen, zeigen ihre Werbung dem betreffenden Benutzer über das versteigerte Inventar an.
Erfassung Ihres Standorts
Ihr Standort kann für uns über jede der nachfolgend genannten Instanzen verfügbar sein (zusammengefasst: Ihr „
Standort
“).
Wir können über Ihr Mobiltelefon Ihren genauen Standort einholen, wenn Sie die entsprechende Genehmigung geben und zustimmen, Ihren Standort mit einer App zu teilen (in der das Start.io-SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist). Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Standorte nicht in Echtzeit ermitteln, sondern auf der Grundlage Ihres letzten Standorts, der dem SDK bekannt ist.
Wir können auf Ihren Standort schließen, wenn Sie per WLAN oder über eine Mobilfunkzelle verbunden sind, deren angenommener Standort uns bekannt ist.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Ihren Standort nicht gemäß obigen Unterabschnitten (a) und (b) erfassen können, wenn Sie die Zustimmung zur Erfassung Ihres Standorts zurückziehen, die Sie der/den App(s) gewährt haben, in der das Start.io-SDK installiert oder in die es eingebettet ist.
Wir können auf Ihren Standort schließen, indem wir die Daten zur Mobilfunkzelle erheben, mit der Sie verbunden sind, sofern wir den Standort der betreffenden Mobilfunkzelle kennen.
Ihr Land, Ihre Stadt und Region können uns anhand Ihrer vom SDK eingeholten IP-Adresse oder anderer Datenquellen bzw. dank solcher Daten zur Verfügung stehen, die Dritte mit uns teilen (etwa über eine RTB-Integration).
Beachten Sie bitte: Wenn Sie die Genehmigung für die Geolokalisierung einer App deaktivieren (über das Betriebssystem des Mobilgeräts), kann Ihr Standort von uns nach wie vor anhand von Annahmen ermittelt und eingeholt werden, indem wir dazu andere verfügbare Quellen nutzen, wie sie in den Unterabschnitten (b), (c) und (d) erläutert werden.
Sie können sich über die Einstellungen Ihres Geräts jederzeit von standortbasierten Diensten abmelden. Darüber hinaus können Sie die Option wählen, das Teilen Ihres Standorts mit uns grundsätzlich und unabhängig von der
Quelle
zu sperren, so wie unten in Abschnitt 12
(
Opt-out-Rechte
) ausgeführt
.
Informationen, die wir anhand Ihrer Interaktion mit Werbung unserer Werbetreibenden erheben
Wenn Sie mit einer Werbung interagieren, die wir zur Verfügung stellen, unterstützen oder schalten, werden Anzeigen-Zuweisung und Werbewirkungsmessungen von Diensten externer Anbieter (bekannt als Attribution-Partner) mit uns geteilt. Wir verwenden diese Daten für Frequenzdeckelung (Frequency-Capping: ob und wann Ihnen eine vergleichbare Werbung angezeigt wird), Anzeigen-Zuweisung und Messzwecke.
Darüber hinaus können solche Anbieter, Entwickler oder Eigentümer, zu deren Apps oder Diensten die Werbung weiterleitet (einschließlich zur Förderung der App-Installation), mit uns per Post-Click-Tracking Ihre Nutzung bzw. Ihre Aktivität in deren mobilen Apps und Diensten teilen, die nach Ihrer Interaktion mit der Werbung erfolgen. Solcherlei Nutzung oder Aktivität kann von Ihnen getätigte Käufe (samt Beträgen) und Subskriptionen sowie und Ihren Levelprogress (in Spielen) umfassen. Diese Informationen werden von uns zur Optimierung zukünftiger Werbekampagnen der betreffenden Anbieter, Entwickler oder Eigentümer der mobilen Apps über das Start.io-Netzwerk verwendet, sowie zudem für die unten in Abschnitt 8 dargelegten Zwecke.
Sammeln sensibler Informationen
Start.io verlangt keine sensiblen Informationen von Endnutzern und sammelt diese auch nicht wissentlich oder absichtlich.
Der Begriff “Sensible Informationen” kann die Bedeutung haben, die in der Gerichtsbarkeit definiert ist, deren Datenschutzgesetze für Sie gelten. Bitte beachten Sie, dass die Definition des Begriffs “Sensible Informationen” in verschiedenen Gerichtsbarkeiten eine deutlich unterschiedliche Bedeutung haben kann und. In einigen Gerichtsbarkeiten können sensible Informationen Folgendes umfassen: rassische, ethnische oder kommunale Herkunft, politische Zugehörigkeit oder Meinungen; zu religiösen oder weltanschaulichen Einstellungen oder vergleichbaren Glaubenseinstellungen, zu intimen Angelegenheiten oder dem Sexualleben, zu Finanzen, Kreditwürdigkeit, Bankkonten oder Bankkarten, zu Vorstrafen, zur Mitgliedschaft in politischen Parteien oder Gewerkschaften, zur geistigen oder körperlichen Gesundheit oder zu entsprechenden Erkrankungen, zur Krankenversicherung oder zu medizinischen bzw. biometrischen Daten.
Wenn Ihnen bekannt wird oder Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass Sie um die Angabe Ihrer sensiblen Informationen gebeten wurden oder dass das Start.io-Netzwerk Ihre Informationen verarbeitet hat, die als sensible Informationen erachtet werden, gemäß den Datenschutzgesetzen auf Sie zutreffen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@start.io
und wir unternehmen alle erforderlichen Schritte, um zu gewährleisten, dass die betreffenden, sensiblen Informationen unverzüglich aus unseren Dateien gelöscht werden.
Datenschutz bei Kindern
Start.io erfüllt alle anwendbaren Gesetze zum Datenschutz für Kinder, einschließlich dem US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act („
COPPA
“). Dementsprechend erhebt Start.io wissent- oder willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen – und fordert solche nicht an – zu Kindern gemäß Definition unter anwendbarem Recht, insbesondere wenn sie jünger als 13 Jahre sind und in den USA leben, bzw. wenn sie unter 16 sind und in der EU leben (zusammengefasst: „
Kind
“ oder „
Kinder
“), ausgenommen wie gemäß anwendbarer Gesetzgebung zulässig.
Wenn uns bekannt wird, dass ein Endnutzer gemäß anwendbarem Recht als Kind gilt und wir personenbezogene Informationen zu diesem Endnutzer verarbeitet haben (ausgenommen gesetzlich zulässige Informationen), unternehmen wir unverzüglich die erforderlichen Schritte zur Löschung der personenbezogenen Informationen zu diesem Kind. Darüber hinaus fordern wir Kinder auf, uns über das Start.io-Netzwerk willentlich keine personenbezogenen Informationen zur Verfügung zu stellen.
Wenn Ihnen bekannt wird oder Sie Grund zu der Annahme haben, dass ein Kind personenbezogene Informationen mit uns geteilt hat, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte unter
privacy@start.io
und wir unternehmen alle erforderlichen Schritte, um zu gewährleisten, dass die betreffenden, personenbezogenen Informationen im gesetzlich vorgeschriebenen Umfang unverzüglich aus unseren Speichern gelöscht werden.
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen zur Auslieferung personalisierter, gezielter Werbung
Wir verwenden (inklusive verkaufen, lizenzieren oder teilen) die von uns erhobenen oder uns überlassenen Informationen unter anderem zu folgenden Zwecken: Auslieferung gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Sie auf der Grundlage Ihres Profils und Ihrer Aktivität.
Ihr Profil ist eine probabilistische Projektion auf der Grundlage unserer Analysen, Annahmen und Schlussfolgerungen hinsichtlich Ihres Verhaltens sowie Ihrer Interessen und Absichten. Grundlage sind die Informationen, die wir über sämtliche oben angegebenen Datenquellen eingeholt haben oder die diese mit uns geteilt haben. Sämtliche Daten wurden von uns in einer individuellen Datenbank mit Ihren Daten zusammengefasst.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir über unser Inventar oder die Geschäfts- und Datenpartner, mit denen wir Ihre Daten teilen, Ihnen gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzeigen können.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass Ihre Daten den Datenschutzpraktiken der Datenschutzrichtlinien Dritter unterliegen, sobald wir Ihre Daten mit solchen externen Parteien teilen.
Die Liste der Geschäfts- und Datenpartner, die uns darum gebeten haben, Ihnen ihre Datenschutzrichtlinien zur Verfügung zu stellen, finden Sie auf:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
In solchen Jurisdiktionen, in denen eine gesetzliche Grundlage zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen besteht, gilt: Die rechtliche Grundlage für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen für die genannten Zwecke ist Ihre Zustimmung, welche uns direkt von Ihnen oder indirekt über Dritte erteilt werden kann
(etwa RTB-Signale). Ihre Zustimmung uns gegenüber kann generell (für alle von uns erhobenen, verarbeiteten oder geteilten) Daten gelten, oder für spezifische, in bestimmten Momenten mit uns geteilte Daten (etwa Daten, die im Zusammenhang mit RTB-Signalen geteilt werden). Wir berücksichtigen jeweils den Umfang der uns konkret von Ihnen erteilten Zustimmung.
Bitte beachten Sie: Wenn Dritte mit uns Daten mit einem „No Consent“-Signal („Keine Zustimmung“; oder vergleichbares Signal) teilen, wirkt sich das nicht auf die generelle Zustimmung aus, die Sie uns direkt oder auf anderem Weg erteilt haben (Zustimmung mit „Consent“-Signal), und wir erachten dies auch nicht als eine Wahrnehmung Ihrer Rechte gemäß Abschnitt 12 (Opt-out-Rechte) oder Abschnitt 13 (Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle), da die Wahrnehmung dieser Rechte wie hier dargelegt zu erfolgen hat.
Bitte befolgen Sie die Regelungen aus Abschnitt 12 (Opt-out-Rechte) oder Abschnitt 13 (Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle), wenn Sie das Start.io-Netzwerk für sich deaktivieren oder von anderen Rechten Gebrauch machen möchten, die Ihnen gemäß anwendbaren Gesetzen zustehen.
Verwendung Ihrer Informationen zu anderen Zwecken
Die von uns erhobenen und die mit uns geteilten Informationen werden zusätzlich zu nachfolgend genannten Zwecken verwendet:
Zur Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung und zur Entwicklung neuer bzw. zur Aktualisierung bestehender Dienste und Leistungen, und darüber hinaus zur Verbesserung Ihres Benutzererlebnisses mit der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Betreiben, Instandhalten, Schützen und Verwalten der Start.io-Lösung und zur Verwaltung sonstiger administrativer und betrieblicher Aspekte der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Überprüfen und Nachverfolgen von Nutzungsstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss sowie zur Erkennung von betrügerischen Aktivitäten im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung.
Zum Schutz der Rechte und des Eigentums von Start.io und Dritter.
Zur Durchsetzung dieser Richtlinie und zur Verhinderung ungesetzlicher oder missbräuchlicher Verwendungen der Start.io-Lösung.
Um bei der Abwehr gesetzlicher Forderungen unsere Rechte zu begründen oder durchzusetzen.
Zur Verhinderung von Verletzungen unserer oder Ihrer Rechte, Eigentumsrechte oder Sicherheit bzw. derer unserer Benutzer oder Dritter sowie zum Zweck der Kooperation mit Gesetzesvollzugsbehörden sowie dann, wenn wir dies zur Durchsetzung von Rechten an geistigem Eigentum oder anderer gesetzlich verbriefter Rechte für erforderlich halten.
Zur Erfüllung aller anwendbaren Gesetze und zur Unterstützung der Gesetzesvollzuzgsbehörden dann, wenn wir in Treu und Glauben davon ausgehen, dass eine solche Kooperation alle anwendbaren gesetzlichen Anforderungen erfüllt.
Zum Ergreifen rechtlicher Schritte bei Streitfällen, in die Sie hinsichtlich der Start.io-Lösung involviert sind.
In denjenigen Jurisdiktionen, in denen zur Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen eine Rechtsgrundlage zu beachten ist, basiert die Verwendung Ihrer Daten zu den oben angegebenen Zwecken auf unseren nachfolgend genannten, legitimen Interessen: (i) Betrieb, Verfügbarmachen, Instandhaltung, Schutz, Verwaltung, Anpassung an die Kundenwünsche und kontinuierliche Verbesserung der Start.io-Lösung (Ihre ADID ist für diese Handlungen nicht erforderlich); (ii) Überprüfen und Tracking von Nutzungsstatistiken und Traffic-Fluss, Erkennen von Betrug im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung und Berechnung zahlbarer Beträge (Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen sind für die Durchführung dieser Handlungen nicht erforderlich); und (iii) Schutz der Rechte oder des Eigentums Start.ios oder Dritter.
Teilen von Daten mit Dritten
Wir teilen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) gemäß nachfolgenden Regelungen:
Wir teilen, lizenzieren, verkaufen oder übertragen Ihre Daten (ganz oder teilweise) an Werbetreibende und Werbenetzwerke sowie Geschäfts- oder Datenpartner oder machen sie diesen verfügbar, wobei die genannten Parteien besagte Daten verwenden können, wenn sie Ihnen gezielte und personalisierte Werbung anzeigen, so wie oben in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) dargelegt und unter Voraussetzung Ihrer gemäß den hier dargelegten Regelungen erteilten Zustimmung.
Wir teilen die von uns erhobenen ADIDs mit Attribution-Partnern zur Messung und Attribution von Werbung, um auf dieser Grundlage zahlbare Beträge zu berechnen, ungültigen Traffic (Betrug) zu erkennen sowie sicherheitsrelevante oder technische Probleme im Zusammenhang mit der Start.io-Lösung zu identifizieren.
Wenn Sie gegen die Regelungen dieser Richtlinie verstoßen, Ihre Rechte missbraucht oder gegen ein anwendbares Gesetz verstoßen haben, sowie weiterhin bei Rechtsstreitigkeiten oder gerichtlichen Verfahren in egal welcher Form, in welche Sie im Zusammenhang mit der App involviert sind, können die Informationen zu Ihnen mit zuständigen Behörden und jedweder externen Partei geteilt werden, sofern dies notwendig ist.
Wir können die von uns über die App erhobenen oder erhaltenen Informationen mit zuständigen Behörden, Einrichtungen oder Personen teilen, wenn wir gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet sind, Informationen zu Ihnen offenzulegen oder zu teilen.
Personenbezogene Informationen können an die verbundenen Unternehmen unserer Gruppe (Körperschaften, die von uns kontrolliert werden, die unter anderem unter unserer Kontrolle stehen oder die uns kontrollieren, egal ob direkt oder indirekt: „
verbundene Unternehmen
“) übermittelt oder mit diesen geteilt werden, doch muss die Verwendung solcher Informationen den Regelungen vorliegender Richtlinie entsprechen.
Bei Bankrott, Firmenauflösung oder sonstigen Formen der Liquidation oder Insolvenz sowie bei Fusion, Verkauf oder Übertragung aller unserer Aktiva bzw. Anteile oder eines Teils von ihnen, sowie weiterhin im Fall einer sonstigen Neu- oder Umstrukturierung unseres fortlaufenden Geschäfts können die Informationen, die wir gemäß den obigen Ausführungen erhalten, erheben oder gewinnen, der entsprechenden Körperschaft in dem Umfang übermittelt werden, wie dies zur weiteren Erbringung unserer Leistungen unbedingt erforderlich ist, sofern dafür gesorgt ist, dass der Empfänger der betreffenden Informationen an die Regelungen vorliegender Richtlinie gebunden ist, wobei allerdings in angemessenem Umfang erforderliche Änderungen an der Richtlinie zulässig sind. Bei einer solchen Übermittlung oder einem solchen Teilen von Informationen muss die betreffende Körperschaft die uneingeschränkte und exklusive Haftung für jegliche nachfolgende Nutzung und Verarbeitung besagter Informationen übernehmen und wir sind diesbezüglich von jeglicher Haftung Ihnen gegenüber freigestellt, was die
Verwendung und Verarbeitung der besagten Informationen durch die Nachfolgekörperschaft anbetrifft.
In jeglichem sonstigem, oben in dieser Richtlinie nicht genannten Fall werden Ihre personenbezogenen Informationen nur dann mit Dritten geteilt, wenn Sie dazu Ihre Zustimmung geben, so wie in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) dargelegt.
In solchen Jurisdiktionen, in denen für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Informationen eine gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Grundlage zu schaffen ist, ist für das Teilen Ihrer Daten im Sinne von Unterabschnitt (a) Ihre Zustimmung erforderlich, so wie in Abschnitt 7 (
Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Informationen
) beschrieben, und bezüglich weiterer Unterabschnitte beruht die Legitimität des Teilens Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten auf unseren legitimen Interessen.
Cookies und Datenerhebung durch Dritte
Wenn Sie eine mobile Webseite von einer App aus öffnen, in der/die unser SDK installiert oder eingebettet ist, können wir einen Cookie mit Ihrer Werbe-ID im Browser Ihres Mobilgeräts setzen, welchen wir zum genannten Zweck (Ausliefern gezielter und personalisierter Werbung an Ihren mobilen Browser) verwenden (der „
Cookie
“). Bei Werbekampagnen, die wir für Ihren mobilen Browser zur Verfügung stellen, schalten oder unterstützen, versetzt uns der Cookie in die Lage, Sie als Benutzer des mobilen Browsers zu identifizieren und die entsprechende Personalisierung vorzunehmen.
Die meisten Browser geben Ihnen die Möglichkeit, Cookies von Ihrem Gerät zu löschen, die Annahme von Cookies zu verweigern oder vor dem Setzen eines Cookies einen Warnhinweis zu erhalten. Wenn Sie Cookies jedoch blockieren oder entfernten, kann dies Ihr Benutzererlebnis beeinträchtigen. Nähere Informationen zu Cookies und wie Sie diese kontrollieren können, finden Sie unter folgenden Links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox)
;
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera)
;
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari)
; und
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge)
Nicht-persönliche oder anonymisierte Daten
Wir können nicht-personenbezogene oder anonymisierte Daten, die Sie nicht persönlich identifizieren, sammeln, verarbeiten und verwenden (dazu gehören auch personenbezogene Daten, die nachfolgend anonymisiert wurden). Solche nicht-persönlichen oder anonymisierten Daten können von uns in jeglicher Form erhoben, verarbeitet und verwendet werden, also etwa durch Posten, Disseminierung, Übermittlung, Teilen oder sonstige Formen der Weitergabe an Dritte oder Kommunikation von Daten.
Zum Beispiel: (i) wir können Ihre Daten nach dem Löschen Ihrer ADID für Marktforschungszwecke verwenden; und (ii) das SDK von Start.io enthält Open Measurement Software Development Kit von IAB TECH LAB („OM-SDK“), das der Verifizierung dient, ob Anzeigen auch tatsächlich angesehen wurden. Wir teilen personenbezogene Informationen nicht mit IAB oder über das OM-SDK.
Opt-out-Rechte
Sie können sich von bestimmten Formen des Erhebens und Teilens von Daten sowie der Auslieferung gezielter Werbung im Zusammenhang mit dem Start.io-Netzwerk abmelden. Senden Sie uns dazu eine E-Mail an
privacy@start.io
. Geben Sie bitte an, auf welchen Dienst sich Ihre Abmeldung bezieht.
Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir Sie kontaktieren müssen, wenn wir Ihre Identität verifizieren müssen, was innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingang Ihres Antrags bei uns erfolgt. Sie stimmen hiermit zu, dass wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zu diesem Zweck benutzen.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung innerhalb von dreißíg (30) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
Opting-out gibt Ihnen die Möglichkeit, sich für den Erhalt von Werbung zu entscheiden, die nicht auf Sie zugeschnitten ist, und die Daten zu kontrollieren, die zu Ihnen zum Zweck des Anzeigens zielgerichteter Werbung erhoben werden. Bitte beachten Sie, dass Sie auch nach dem Opt-out weiterhin Werbung vom Start.io-Netzwerk erhalten, doch aufgrund der von Ihnen gewünschten Abmeldung wird die angezeigte Werbung von uns nicht personalisiert oder auf Sie zugeschnitten.
Ihre Wahl
Was Opting-out bewirkt
Opt-out beim Start.io-Netzwerk.
(i) Wir werden (a) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir Ihre ADID entfernen (gewährleistet, dass Sie nicht persönlich identifizierbar sind), und/oder (b) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen, so wie in Abschnitt 15 (
Datenspeicherung
) näher erläutert;
(ii) Die von der Start.io-Lösung zur Verfügung gestellte oder unterstützte Werbung wird nicht individuell auf Sie abgestimmt und es kann daher sein, dass sie für Sie uninteressant ist, was Ihr Benutzererlebnis mit der Start.io-Lösung verschlechtert;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
“Verkaufen Sie meine persönlichen Daten nicht” – für Endanwender, die dem CCPA unterliegen
wir geben Ihre persönlichen Daten nicht an unsere Kunden weiter, wie z. B.: Werbetreibende, DSPs und Datenpartner. Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir weiterhin die Zustellung von Werbung an Sie unterstützen oder ermöglichen können, die nicht Ihre persönlichen Daten verwendet (d. h.: nicht gezielt oder individuell auf Sie zugeschnitten ist, basierend auf Ihrem Profil oder Ihren persönlichen Daten).
Beenden des Teilens Ihres Standorts mit uns sowie unseren Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartnern
(i) Wir stellen das Einholen Ihres Standorts mit sämtlichen der in Abschnitt 3 vorliegender Richtlinie genannten Mitteln ein;
(ii) Wir anonymisieren Ihre Standortdaten;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre Standortdaten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren der Standortdaten Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
Beenden des Teilens Ihrer Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern und/oder
Opting-out für Datenpartner
(i) Wir teilen Ihre ADID nicht länger mit unseren Datenpartnern;
(iii) Wir leiten die von Ihnen gewählte Option an unsere Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder durch Anonymisieren Ihre Identifizierung zu verhindern.
Beachten Sie jedoch bitte, dass wir nicht für die Datenschutzpraktiken unserer Datenpartner oder anderer externer Parteien haftbar sind. Wir fordern Sie auf, die Datenschutzrichtlinien unserer Datenpartner zur Kenntnis zu nehmen. Unter folgendem Link sind sie verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Das Beenden des Teilens Ihrer Daten mit unseren Datenpartnern kommt keinem Opt-out für das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk gleich. Daher können Ihre Daten auch weiterhin von Start.io, den Werbetreibenden und den Geschäftspartnern von Start.io verarbeitet werden. Sie haben die Möglichkeit eines Opt-outs für das gesamte Start.io-Netzwerk, so wie oben beschrieben.
Opt-out zum Verhindern des Setzens unseres Cookies in Ihrem mobilen Browser
Wir können dann kein auf Sie abgestimmte Werbung für Ihren Browser unterstützen, solche Werbung aktivieren oder platzieren.
Darüber hinaus können Sie den Umgang Ihres Browsers mit Cookies einstellen. Dies erfolgt über die Datenschutz- und Sicherheitseinstellungen Ihres Internet-Browsers (wie in obigem Abschnitt beschrieben).
Wir reagieren nicht auf Do-not-track-Signale. Nähere Informationen zu Do-not-track-Signalen finden Sie auf
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Über Obenerwähntes hinaus können Sie die Offenlegung gewisser Daten durch Ihr Mobilgerät uns und unseren Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartnern gegenüber einschränken, indem Sie die entsprechenden Einstellungen Ihres Mobilgeräts ändern.
Gehen Sie bei iOS-Mobilgeräten
auf dem Hauptbildschirm Ihres Mobilgeräts zu den „Einstellungen“. Scrollen Sie nun hinab zu *Datenschutz“, wählen Sie Werbung und aktivieren Sie „Ad-Tracking beschränken“.
Gehen Sie bei Android-Mobilgeräten
auf Ihrem Gerät auf „Einstellungen Google“. Wählen Sie „Anzeigen“ (Ads) und wählen Sie das Kästchen mit der Beschriftung „Opt-out interessenbasierte Werbung“.
Bitte lesen Sie die spezifischen Anleitungen Ihres Geräts, um mehr zu Ihren Optionen hinsichtlich Ihrer persönlichen Anzeigenpräferenzen zu erfahren.
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS
:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
;
Sie
erreichen uns auch hier
und wir helfen Ihnen gerne weiter.
Ihre Auswahl und Kontrolle
Über Ihre Opt-out-Rechte (Abschnitt 12) hinaus können Sie jederzeit jegliches der nachfolgend genannten Rechte (oder deren Äquivalent) und jedes sonstige, Ihnen gemäß der für Sie geltenden Gesetzgebung zustehende Recht ausüben („
Ihre Rechte
“). Sie können Ihre Rechte jederzeit ausüben; senden Sie uns dazu bitte eine E-Mail an
dpo@start.io
. Diese Abteilung ist dafür zuständig, Ihre Wahrnehmung der Ihnen zustehenden Rechte abzuwickeln (etwa „
Zustimmung zurückziehen
“) (eine „
Anfrage
“). Wir müssen gegebenenfalls mit Ihnen kommunizieren, um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten, unter anderem auch zum Verifizieren Ihrer Identität. Indem Sie uns eine Anfrag senden, stimmen Sie zu, dass wir Ihre E-Mail-Adresse zu diesem Zweck benutzen.
Ihr Recht
Aktion Start.io
A1. Zustimmung zurückziehen
Wenn Ihre Zustimmung die Rechtsgrundlage für das Erheben und Verarbeiten Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ist, können Sie die Zustimmung zurückziehen, die Sie uns erteilt haben.
(i) Wir werden (a) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir Ihre ADID entfernen, oder (b) Ihre personenbezogenen Daten löschen, so wie in Abschnitt 15 (
Datenspeicherung
) näher erläutert;
(iii) Wir leiten Ihre Anfrage an unsere Werbetreibenden, Geschäfts- und Datenpartner weiter und werden sie auffordern, Ihre Daten zu anonymisieren.
Wir können Sie kontaktieren, wenn wir Ihre Identität verifizieren müssen, was innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingang Ihres Antrags bei uns erfolgt.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung zur Wahrnehmung Ihres Rechts innerhalb von dreißíg (30) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
A2. Widerspruchsrecht
Sie können der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch uns widersprechen.
A3. Recht auf Datenlöschung (Recht auf Vergessenwerden)
Sie haben das Recht, uns aufzufordern, die von uns erhobenen oder über das Start.io-Netzwerk geteilten, personenbezogenen Informationen zu löschen
B1. Zugangsrecht
B2. Datenportabilität
Sie haben das Recht, bei uns eine Kopie der von uns erhobenen, über das Start.io-Netzwerk geteilten oder an Dritte übermittelten Daten anzufordern.
Wir senden Ihnen an Ihre E-Mail-Adresse eine Kopie der im Laufe Ihrer Nutzung der Start.io-Lösung zu Ihnen erhobenen Daten. Hiermit stimmen Sie zu, dass wir gegebenenfalls mit Ihnen kommunizieren müssen, um Ihnen besagte E-Mail zu senden und um Ihre Anfrage zu bearbeiten, unter anderem auch zum Verifizieren Ihrer Identität, falls erforderlich.
Wir kommen Ihrer Aufforderung zur Wahrnehmung Ihres Rechts innerhalb von vierzehn (14) Tagen ab Eingangsdatum bzw. Verifizierung Ihrer Identität (wie zutreffend) nach.
Im Anschluss an den Erhalt einer Kopie Ihrer Daten können Sie uns auffordern, diese Daten zu berichtigen oder zu löschen (etwa durch Anonymisierung).
Die Wahrnehmung obengenannter Rechte wirkt sich nicht auf die Gesetzmäßigkeit unserer zustimmungsbasierten Verarbeitung der betreffenden Daten vor der Ausübung Ihrer Rechte aus. Wir können unter Beachtung aller anwendbaren Gesetze auch weiterhin solche Daten verarbeiten, bei denen Ihre Zustimmung nicht erforderlich ist. Beachten Sie bitte, dass die in Ihrer Jurisdiktion geltenden Datenschutzgesetze und damit zusammenhängenden Gesetze Ihnen unter Umständen andere oder zusätzliche Rechte im Zusammenhang mit Ihren Daten einräumen, und dass diese Gesetze dann ebenfalls gelten.
Wenn wir Ihnen die angeforderten Daten nicht zur Verfügung stellen können, werden wir bestrebt sein, die dafür erforderlichen Ressourcen zur Verfügung zu stellen. Wir informieren Sie dann über Ihre Rechte, darunter auch das Recht, bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde Beschwerde einzulegen.
Wenn wir die Funktion des Datenverarbeiters Ihrer Daten wahrnehmen, erfüllen wir die oben genannten Rechte dann, wenn wir dazu die entsprechende Aufforderung des Datenverantwortlichen erhalten, und dazu verifizieren wir nicht Ihre Identität. In anderem Zusammenhang kann eine solche Validierung für uns verpflichtend sein, wenn Sie uns gegenüber Ihre Rechte geltend machen.
Wenn Sie von Ihrem Opt-out-Recht für das Start.io-Netzwerk und von jeglichem der oben unter A1–3 erwähnten Rechte Gebrauch gemacht haben, kann es sein, dass wir weiterhin Daten von anderen Körperschaften erhalten, welche die Start.io-Lösung nutzen, oder auch über das Start.io-Netzwerk. Unter der Voraussetzung, dass wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu dem Zweck verarbeiten, Ihnen auf der Grundlage der mit uns geteilten Daten Anzeigen anzuzeigen (etwa rein in unserer Eigenschaft als Datenverarbeiter), gilt Folgendes: (i) Wir können Ihnen Anzeigen ausliefern, die nicht auf Ihrem Profil beruhen und die nicht auf Sie abgestimmt sind; (ii) wir verarbeiten auch weiterhin solcherlei Daten zu Ihnen, für die wir dazu nicht Ihre Zustimmung brauchen; und (iii) wenn Sie uns Ihre Zustimmung geben (direkt oder indirekt, so wie oben erläutert), verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie, wobei jedoch für den besagten Zweck nur solche Daten verwendet werden, die nach Ihrer erneuten Zustimmung von uns erhoben oder mit uns geteilt werden.
Datensicherheit
Der Schutz Ihrer Daten ist für Start.io wichtig und wir setzen uns mit Nachdruck für den Schutz Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten vor unbefugten Zugriffen, Nutzungen oder Offenlegungen ein. Wir haben physische, technische und administrative Sicherheitsmaßnahmen für die Dienste implementiert, die den anwendbaren Gesetzen und Branchenstandards entsprechen. Für nähere Informationen zu unseren Datensicherheitsmaßnahmen klicken Sie bitte hier:
https://www.start.io/start-io-computer-policy/
.
Wir treffen zwar angemessene Vorkehrungen zum Schutz unserer Daten, doch sofern die anwendbaren Gesetze nichts Abweichendes vorschreiben, können wir nicht haftbar gemacht werden für Handlungen von Personen, die sich unbefugten Zugang zu den Diensten verschaffen oder diese missbrauchen. Wir geben dementsprechend keine ausdrückliche, implizite oder sonstige Gewähr, dass wir solcherlei Vorfälle werden verhindern können.
Datenspeicherung
Wir bewahren die von uns erhobenen, personenbezogenen Daten gemäß den anwendbaren Gesetzen auf, und weiterhin unter Beachtung folgender Regelungen:
In jeglichem der Fälle, die in den Abschnitten 12 () und 13 () geschildert werden, werden wir (i) Ihre Daten anonymisieren, indem wir die ADID löschen, die in unserer Betriebsdatenbank gespeichert ist; und wir (ii) löschen diejenigen der gegenwärtig zu Ihnen gespeicherten, personenbezogenen Daten, für deren Erhebung und Verarbeitung Ihre Zustimmung erforderlich ist.
Wir verwenden Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu den genannten Zwecken über einen Zeitraum von maximal 12 Monaten hinweg. Wir löschen aus unserer Betriebsdatenbank solche Daten, die älter als 12 Monate sind,
oder
wir anonymisieren Ihre Daten, indem wir Ihre ADID aus unserer Betriebsdatenbank löschen (und anschließend können wir die zu Ihnen erhobenen und verarbeiteten, personenbezogenen Informationen nicht länger für den besagten Zweck benutzen.
Das gilt jedoch unter folgender Voraussetzung:
Wenn wir Ihre ADID löschen, Ihre Daten anonymisieren und aus unserer
Betriebsdatenbank
entfernen, werden sie dadurch nicht aus unserem
Archiv
gelöscht, was an den Beschränkungen der Systemarchitektur liegt, welche es nicht zulässt, die gesamten Aufzeichnungen neu abzulegen, die mit Ihrer ADID verbunden sind. Wir haben unsere Plattform so designt, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten, die nach Ihrer Opt-out-Anfrage für das Start.io-Netzwerk (oder einer vergleichbaren Anfrage) noch in unserem Archiv gespeichert sind, nicht verarbeitet, verwendet oder mit Dritten geteilt werden, wenn eine solche Anfrage eingegangen ist.
Übertragung von Daten aus Ihrem Gebiet in andere Gebiete
Wir können Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in den Vereinigten Staaten oder anderen Gebieten speichern oder verarbeiten. Wir können die Speicherung oder Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten durch Drittanbieter und Datenverarbeiter, die sich in den Vereinigten Staaten oder in anderen Gebieten befinden, übertragen.
Wenn Sie in einer Jurisdiktion wohnhaft sind, in welcher die Übertragung ihrer personenbezogenen Daten nur unter der Voraussetzung Ihrer Zustimmung möglich ist, dann umfasst Ihre Zustimmung zu dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie ausdrücklich auch Ihre Zustimmung zu einem solchen Transfer Ihrer Daten.
Wenn Sie im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum („
EWR
“) ansässig sind, ergreifen wir angemessene Maßnahmen, um zu gewährleisten, dass Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in angemessenem Maß geschützt werden, sobald sie in ein Gebiet außerhalb des EWR überführt werden.
Jegliche Übertragungen, ob an Dritte oder intern, von personenbezogenen Daten aus dem EWR in Länder, von denen nicht angenommen wird, dass sie ein angemessenes Datenschutzniveau bieten, unterliegen den Standardvertragsklauseln der Europäischen Union (EU) und/oder gleichwertigen Datenübertragungsvorschriften zum Schutz der Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit von personenbezogenen Daten.
Kalifornische Endbenutzer – CCPA
Ohne von den Bestimmungen dieser Richtlinie abzuweichen, beachten Sie bitte Folgendes:
– Die Kategorien der von Start.io erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten werden in den Abschnitten 2, 3 und 4 näher erläutert;
– Unsere Verwendung der Daten (einschließlich der Weitergabe von Daten) wird in den Abschnitten 7, 8 und 9 erläutert;
– Ihr Widerspruchsrecht und andere Rechte werden in den Abschnitten 12 und 13 erläutert.
Änderungen an der Richtlinie
Diese Richtlinie kann von uns gelegentlich aktualisiert werden. Substantielle Änderungen werden 30 Tage nach dem Veröffentlichungsdatum wirksam. Sonstige Änderungen werden 7 Tage nach dem Aktualisierungsdatum wirksam. Wenn vorliegende Richtlinie geändert wird, damit sie weiterhin alle gesetzlichen Anforderungen erfüllt, werden die Änderungen umgehend wirksam. Die jeweils aktuellste Fassung der Richtlinie sowie jegliche Aktualisierung dieser Richtlinie werden veröffentlicht und sind unter folgendem Link verfügbar:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy-site/
. Wir halten Sie dazu an, die Richtlinie regelmäßig zur Kenntnis zu nehmen und sicherzustellen, dass Sie verstehen, wie wir Ihre Daten über das Start.io-Netzwerk erheben, verarbeiten, verwenden und Teilen.
Kontakt
Wenn Sie Fragen haben oder diese Richtlinie kommentieren möchten, schreiben Sie uns bitte an:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Sie erreichen uns auch per E-Mail unter:
privacy@start.io
.
Datenschutzbeauftragter
Mit Fragen zu den gemäß vorliegender Richtlinie kontrollierten Daten – darunter etwa auch Anfragen zur Entfernung, Löschung, Änderung, Modifizierung und Übertragung von Daten – wenden Sie sich bitte direkt an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten unter:
dpo@start.io
.
Bitte geben Sie in jedem Schreiben an uns Ihren Namen, Ihre Adresse und die E-Mail-Adresse an, damit wir Ihre Anfragen zeitnah beantworten können.
Um Ihnen das Lesen angenehmer zu gestalten, kann es sein, dass wir diese Richtlinie aus dem Englischen in mehrere andere Sprachen übersetzen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass bei jeglicher Abweichungen oder Unstimmigkeiten zwischen den verfügbaren Übersetzungen und der englischen Fassung die englische Fassung Vorrang hat (verfügbar auf: Link:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
).
Jüngste Aktualisierung: 14.2.2021
Start.io अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता गोपनीयता नीति
Start.io Inc. और इसके सहयोगी (
पूर्व काल में: StartApp Inc.
; “
हम
,” “
हमें
,” “
हमारा
” या “
Start.io
“) आपकी गोपनीयता का सम्मान करते हैं।
यह गोपनीयता नीति (“
नीति
“) संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क में आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संबंध में Start.io की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं की व्याख्या करती है, जिस तरह से आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और डेटा एकत्र, उपयोग और साझा किया जाता है और आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संबंध में आपके लिए अधिकार और विकल्प उपलब्ध हैं।
हम कौन हैं?
Start.io एक गतिशील विज्ञापन और डेटा कंपनी है जो व्यक्तियों ( “
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता
”) को उनके प्रोफ़ाइल के आधार पर लक्षित और व्यक्तिगत विज्ञापन देने के उद्देश्य से एक विज्ञापन प्लेटफ़ॉर्म, समाधान और नेटवर्क (“
Start.io समाधान
“) का विकास, संचालन और समर्थन करती है।
Start.io के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, आप हमारी वेबसाइट देख सकते हैं:
www.start.io
।
Start.io नेटवर्क के साथ परिचय
।
Start.io समाधान आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा, स्थान और कई स्रोतों (जैसे कि विभिन्न प्रकार के मोबाइल ऐप्स में अंतर्निहित या एकीकृत Start.io SDK (सॉफ़्टवेयर डेवलपमेंट किट) के जरिए, रियल टाइम (RTB) पर विज्ञापनों के नियोजन के लिए उपयोग किया जाता Start.io RTB (रियल टाइम बिडिंग) प्लेटफ़ॉर्म, आपूर्ति पक्ष प्लेटफॉर्म या भागीदार, विज्ञापनदाताओं और अन्य डेटा प्रदाता; मिला कर:  “
डेटा स्रोत
“) से अन्य डेटा को एकत्र करता है और संसाधित करता है।
Start.io निम्नलिखित तृतीय पक्षों के साथ ऐसा डेटा (या उसका हिस्सा) साझा करता है या उपलब्ध कराता है (i) विज्ञापनदाता जो Start.io इन्वेंट्री पर अपने अभियान चलाते हैं (सीधे Start.io से या अन्य विज्ञापन नेटवर्क या प्लेटफॉर्म के जरिए अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से जुड़े मोबाइल ऐप्स; “
विज्ञापनदाता
“); (ii) विज्ञापन एजेंसियां और अन्य व्यावसायिक भागीदार, जो Start.io इन्वेंट्री या अपनी स्वतंत्र इन्वेंट्री पर अपने अभियान चलाते हैं, और डेटा के “प्रोसेसर्स” या “नियंत्रक” हो सकते हैं (मिला कर: “
व्यावसायिक भागीदार
“); और (iii) तीसरे पक्ष जो अपने स्वयं के डेटा बेसेज़, समाधानों या प्लेटफ़ॉर्म को चलाते हैं या संचालित करते हैं जो डेटा के “नियंत्रकों” के रूप में कार्य कर सकते हैं और आपके डेटा का उपयोग अन्य डेटा के साथ कर सकते हैं जिसे वे आपके बारे में संसाधित करते हैं (“
डेटा भागीदार
“)।
“
Start.io नेटवर्क
” का अर्थ Start.io का विज्ञापन नेटवर्क है जिसमें एक ओर डेटा स्रोत और दूसरी ओर विज्ञापनदाता, व्यवसाय भागीदार और डेटा भागीदार शामिल होते हैं, जहां आपका डेटा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग किया जाता है और उपलब्ध कराया जाता है और उद्देश्य (जैसा कि नीचे परिभाषित किया गया है) के लिए साझा किया गया है।
डाटा प्रोसेसिंग का उद्देश्य
।
आपका डेटा
आपके प्रोफ़ाइल के आधार पर लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापनों की सेवा के उद्देश्य
से
Start.io नेटवर्क पर
Start.io द्वारा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा किया जाता है; बशर्ते कि,
यदि हम आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करते हैं, तो हम इसका उपयोग अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए भी कर सकते हैं
(मिला कर: “
उद्देश्य
“)।
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा, एक ऐसा डेटा है जो न तो व्यक्तिगत रूप से आपकी पहचान करता है और न ही पहचानने योग्य है। आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी (या MAID) को हटाकर, हैशिंग करके या एन्क्रिप्ट करके अज्ञात किया जा सकता है, जो आपके डेटा को अन्य उपयोगकर्ताओं के डेटा से अलग करने के लिए हमारे द्वारा उपयोग किया गया आपका विशिष्ट पहचानकर्ता है, और इसे उसकी पहचान योग्य बनाते हैं।
जब हम आपके डेटा को तृतीय पक्षों (विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यावसायिक भागीदारों और/या डेटा भागीदारों) के साथ साझा करते हैं, तो हम उन्हें केवल उद्देश्य के लिए डेटा का उपयोग करने के लिए अनुबंधित रूप से बाध्य करेंगे, इसके अलावा यदि वे प्रतिनिधित्व करते हैं कि वे आपकी सहमति के अधीन या अन्य वैध आधार पर अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए इसका उपयोग कर सकते हैं।
विज्ञापन प्राप्त करना बंद करें; हमारी सहायता से यहां संपर्क करें
support@start.io
।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि आपके द्वारा उपयोग किए जाने वाले मोबाइल ऐप के अंदर विज्ञापन दिखाने का निर्णय Start.io का नहीं है, बल्कि ऐप के डेवलपर या प्रकाशक का है जो हमारी सेवाओं का उपयोग करता है (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)। हालांकि, हमारा मानना हैं कि आपको इन ऐप्स से लाभ होता है, क्योंकि अधिकांश मामलों में, प्रकाशकों के ऐप्स और सेवाओं को निःशुल्क रखने के लिए विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित करना आवश्यक है। इसके अलावा, जब ऐप का डेवलपर या प्रकाशक हमारी सेवाओं का उपयोग करता है (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)
तो आपको प्रदान किए गए विज्ञापनों को आपके लिए इष्टतम और/या अनुकूलित किया जा सकता है, जो ऐप के साथ आपके अनुभव को बेहतर बनाता है
।
यदि आप विज्ञापन प्राप्त करना बंद करना चाहते हैं, तो आपको ऐप के
डेवलपर
या प्रकाशक से संपर्क करना चाहिए, जिनके विवरण आप
Google Play
या
Apple App Store
पर देख सकते हैं, और इसके लिए अपना अनुरोध दर्ज़ कर सकते हैं। वैकल्पिक रूप से, आप अपनी मोबाइल फ़ोन सेटिंग्स को बदल सकते हैं (
IOS
/
Android
)।
आप हमसे
support@start.io
पर संपर्क कर सकते हैं और हम आपकी सहायता करने की पूरी कोशिश करेंगे।
बाहर निकलना
।
आपके पास नीचे दिए गए भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) के तहत अपनी पसंदीदा पसंद पर क्लिक करके,
संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क और/या हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा को साझा करने से बाहर निकलने का विकल्प होता है।
बाहर निकलने का चयन करने से,
Start.io नेटवर्क के अंदर आपको प्रदान किए गए विज्ञापनों के साथ आपका अनुभव आपके लिए इष्टतम या अनुकूलित नहीं किया जाएगा।
Start.io आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा का नियंत्रक या प्रोसेसर हो सकता है, उस तरीके पर विचार करते हुए जिस में डेटा प्रत्येक डेटा स्रोत द्वारा या उसके माध्यम से एकत्र किया जाता है और हमारे या हमारे प्रत्येक विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यापार भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों द्वारा इसका उपयोग किया जाता है।
आप इस तरह से निम्नलिखित के उपयोग के लिए सहमत होते हैं: (a) इस नीति को सहमति देने और पूरा करने के लिए इलेक्ट्रॉनिक साधन और आपको इस नीति के अनुसार दिए गए कोई भी नोटिस को देने के लिए; और (b) इस नीति से संबंधित जानकारी संग्रहीत करने के लिए इलेक्ट्रॉनिक रिकॉर्ड।
एक नज़र में हमारी गोपनीयता नीति
भाग
सारांश
2
जानकारी जो हम आपसे प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से एकत्र करते हैं
यदि हमारे पास उपलब्ध हो तो हम निम्नलिखित डेटा को एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा (इस नीति के अनुसार) करेंगे: आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी, इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल पते, स्थान, ऐप का नाम (जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल है), लिंग और आयु (यदि हमारे द्वारा साझा किया गया है या हमारे द्वारा ग्रहण किया गया है), इंस्टॉल किए गए ऐप्स, डिवाइस प्रॉपर्टीज़, ब्लूटूथ पेअर्ड डिवाइसेज़, डिवाइस सेंसर्स, कैरियर, ISP, नेटवर्क कनेक्शन्स विवरण और वाई-फाई डेटा, रोमिंग, स्थानीय समय क्षेत्र, भाषा सेटिंग्स, आपकी रुचियां और हमारे साथ साझा किए गए कीवर्ड्स से कल्पित व्यवहारिक डेटा।
3
आपके स्थान का संग्रह
हम आपके सटीक स्थान को एकत्रित, संसाधित और उपयोग करेंगे (केवल यदि आप उस ऐप को अनुमति देते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित है)। आपके सटीक स्थान को हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या इकट्ठा किया जाएगा और तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
यदि आप वाई-फाई और/या मोबाइल नेटवर्क सेल से जुड़े हुए हैं, जिसका अनुमानित स्थान हमें ज्ञात है, तो हम उसे आपका स्थान मान लेंगे।
आपका देश, शहर और क्षेत्र आपके आईपी या अन्य डेटा स्रोतों से हमारे लिए उपलब्ध हो सकता है।
4
जानकारी जो हम विज्ञापनों के साथ या विज्ञापनदाताओं से आपकी बातचीत से एकत्र करते हैं
जब आप एक विज्ञापन के साथ इंटरैक्ट करते हैं, तो विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप हमारे साथ साझा किए जाएंगे। हम मोबाइल ऐप्स के भीतर पोस्ट क्लिक उपयोग और/या गतिविधि प्राप्त कर सकते हैं जो विज्ञापन इन ऐप्स या ऐप सेवाओं की ओर ले जाता है।
5
संवेदनशील जानकारी का संग्रह
Start.io को एंड यूज़र से या की किसी संवेदनशील जानकारी को एकत्र करने या मांगने की आवश्यकता नहीं है और न ही यह जानबूझकर या इरादतन चाहता है।
6
बच्चों की गोपनीयता
Start.io जानबूझकर या इरादतन बच्चों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र या मांगता नहीं है (जैसा कि उन्हें लागू कानून के तहत परिभाषित किया गया है)।
7
वैयक्तिकृत, लक्षित विज्ञापनों के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
हम इस उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे (इसमें शामिल हैं: बेचना, लाइसेंस या साझा करना), यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल और गतिविधि के आधार पर आपको लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देना।
8
अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए आपकी जानकारी का उपयोग
हम अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए भी हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे, जैसे कि: Start.io समाधान को सुधारना, नई सेवाओं का अद्यतन विकसित करना या मौजूदा सेवाओं को अपग्रेड करना; Start.io समाधान का संचालन, रखरखाव, सुरक्षा और प्रबंधन; उपयोग संबंधी आँकड़े और यातायात प्रवाह का ऑडिट और ट्रैक करना; Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाना; इस नीति को लागू करना और गैरकानूनी गतिविधियों को रोकना; और किसी भी लागू कानूनों का पालन करना।
9
तृतीय पक्षों के साथ डेटा साझा करना
हम आपका डेटा (या उसके हिस्से) को विज्ञापनदाताओं, विज्ञापन नेटवर्क्स, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और/या डेटा भागीदारों; एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदारों; सक्षम प्राधिकरणों; हमारी संबद्ध कॉर्पोरेट समूह संस्थाओं के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं; और हमारे चल रहे व्यवसाय में हमारी सभी संपत्तियों या शेयरों या अन्य पुनर्गठन या पुनर्निर्माण के विलय, बिक्री या हस्तांतरण की स्थिति में साझा कर सकते हैं।
10
कुकीज़ और तृतीय पक्ष द्वारा डेटा संग्रह
यदि आप किसी ऐसे ऐप से मोबाइल वेबपेज खोलते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित किया गया है, तो हम आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी के साथ आपके डिवाइस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर कुकी को रख सकते हैं जिसका उपयोग हमारे द्वारा उद्देश्य के लिए किया जाएगा।
11
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा हमारे द्वारा किसी भी तरीके में एकत्र, संसाधित और उपयोग किया जा सकता है।
12
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार (और कैलिफ़ोर्निया के एंड यूज़र्स के लिए “मेरी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को न बेचें”)
आप हमें
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, और यह बताते हुए कि आप किस सेवा से बाहर निकलना चाहते हैं, Start.io नेटवर्क से संबंधित कुछ डेटा संग्रह, साझाकरण प्रक्रिया और लक्षित विज्ञापन से आसानी से बाहर निकल सकते हैं।
इसके अलावा, कैलिफ़ोर्निया के
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता बाहर निकलने के लिए 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (सेवा कोड: 234) पर कॉल कर सकते हैं।
13
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण
हमें
dpo@start.io
या
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन और उनके अनुसार, आपको निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी अधिकार का प्रयोग करने का अधिकार है, जो अधिकार(रों) का विस्तार करता है, जिन्हें आप व्यवहार में लाना चाहेंगे: सहमति वापस लेंगे; ऑब्जेक्ट, मिटाना (भूल जाना), अपने डेटा, डेटा पोर्टेबिलिटी तक पहुंच करना।
14
डेटा सुरक्षा
हमने लागू कानूनों और उद्योग मानकों का अनुपालन करने वाली सेवाओं के लिए भौतिक, तकनीकी और प्रशासनिक सुरक्षा उपायों को लागू किया है।
15
डेटा प्रतिधारण
हम लागू कानूनों के अनुसार और उनके अनुपालन में, एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को बनाए रखते हैं, लेकिन किसी भी मामले में, हम (a) EU या UK में एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 12 महीनों; या (b) अन्य सभी एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 36 महीनों से अधिक के दौरान उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे।
16
आपके क्षेत्र के बाहर डेटा का स्थानांतरण
हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संग्रहीत या संसाधित कर सकते हैं। आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन, इस गोपनीयता नीति के लिए आपकी सहमति में आपके डेटा के ऐसे हस्तांतरण के लिए आपकी स्पष्ट सहमति शामिल है।
17
कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता
– CCPA
अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता के लिए सामान्य जानकारी जो CCPA के अधीन हैं।
18
नीति में परिवर्तन
यह नीति समय-समय पर हमारे द्वारा अपडेट की जा सकती है। सबसे अद्यतित नीति और साथ ही इस नीति में कोई भी अद्यतन निम्नलिखित लिंक में प्रकाशित किया जाएगा और उपलब्ध होगा:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
।
19
हमारे साथ संपर्क करें
आप यहां ईमेल करके भी हमसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
support@start.io
।
20
डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी
आप यहां हमारे डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी से संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
dpo@start.io
।
जानकारी जो हम अपने डेटा स्त्रोतों के जरिए आपसे प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से एकत्र करते हैं
यदि आप कोई ऐप डाउनलोड करते हैं, जिसमें हमारा Start.io SDK इंस्टॉल है या अंतर्निहित किया गया है, और/या यदि आपका डेटा हमारे साथ साझा किया जाता है, जब हम अन्य विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, एजेंसियों या प्लेटफॉर्म (जैसे कि RTB) के साथ एकीकृत या जुड़े होते हैं, तो हम निम्नलिखित डेटा एकत्र और संसाधित करेंगे (या इसका हिस्सा – उपयोग की गई तकनीक या एकीकरण, हमारे पास उपलब्ध डेटा और अन्य अनुमतियों पर विचार करते हुए):
ऑनलाइन पहचानकर्ता: विज्ञापन आईडी (iOS उपकरणों के लिए IDFA और/या IDFV और एन्ड्रॉइड उपकरणों के लिए ADID) (“
ADID
“)।
इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल (“
IP
“) पते।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि, जबकि ADID ​​और IP पते को कई अधिकार क्षेत्रों (जैसे की EEA) में व्यक्तिगत रूप से पहचाने जाने योग्य डेटा माना जाता है, कुछ ऐसे क्षेत्राधिकार हैं जिनमें ऐसे डेटा को व्यक्तिगत डेटा नहीं माना जाता है।
स्थान – जैसा कि नीचे भाग 3 में विस्तृत है।
ऐप का नाम (जहां SDK इंस्टाल है) और उसकी श्रेणी; गैर SDK के लिए: उस मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन का नाम जिसके जरिए आप Start.io नेटवर्क से इंटरैक्ट करते हैं।
लिंग और उम्र (चाहे हमारे द्वारा किए गए निष्कर्ष के रूप में या अन्य डेटा स्रोत द्वारा हमारे साथ सख्ती से साझा किया गया हो)
किसी पूछताछ का डेटा जो पूछता है कि क्या आपकी मोबाइल डिवाइस में कुछ ऐप्स पहले से इंस्टॉल हैं (एक तरफा हैश प्रतिनिधित्व)।
अन्य सामान्य डेटा: डिवाइस प्रॉपर्टीज़ (ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम, ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम संस्करण और डिवाइस प्रकार), ब्लूटूथ पेअर्ड डिवाइस, डिवाइस सेंसर्स (जैसे एक्सेलेरोमीटर), आपका कैरियर, ISP, नेटवर्क कनेक्शन के विवरण और वाई-फाई डेटा, रोमिंग, स्थानीय समय क्षेत्र , भाषा सेटिंग्स।
Start.io SDK
सॉफ्टवेयर का एक ऐसा हिस्सा है जो मोबाइल ऐप्स में एकीकृत या अंतर्निहित किया गया है जो इन ऐप्स के डेवलपर्स, मालिकों या ऑपरेटरों को आपको और साथ ही अन्य एंड यूज़र्स को वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देने में सक्षम बनाता है।
“
विज्ञापन
” या “
Ad
” का अर्थ Start.io नेटवर्क द्वारा प्रदान, सक्षम, समर्थित या सुविधा दी गई, चीज़ों और सेवाओं या मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन, सॉफ़्टवेयर इत्यादि को बढ़ावा देने वाली लिखित, तस्वीरों, वीडियो, विज्ञापनों, सामग्री, फ़ोटो, आवाज़, ग्राफिक्स, संगीत, लोगोज़ और किसी भी
अन्य
तरह की सामग्री या निहित वस्तु है।
“
RTB
” का अर्थ “रियल टाइम बिडिंग” प्लेटफॉर्म या समाधान है, जिसके द्वारा विज्ञापन इन्वेंट्री को प्रोग्रामेटिक तात्कालिक नीलामी के जरिए प्रति-प्रभार के आधार पर खरीदा और बेचा जाता है, जो ज्यादातर मामलों में, यूज़र के डेटा पर आधारित होता है जिसे बोली लगाने वाले (विज्ञापनदाता या विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, जैसे कि Start.io) के साथ साझा किया जाता है। विज्ञापनदाता जो बोली जीतता है, उस यूज़र को बोली इन्वेंट्री पर अपना विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित करता है।
आपके स्थान का संग्रह
आपका स्थान निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी उदाहरण के जरिए हमे उपलब्ध हो सकता है (मिला कर: आपका “
स्थान
“):
हम आपके मोबाइल फोन के जरिए आपका सटीक स्थान तभी एकत्र कर सकते हैं, जब आप किसी ऐप के साथ अपना स्थान साझा करने की अनुमति और सहमति देते हैं, जिसमें Start.io SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित किया गया है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि हम कोई रियल टाइम स्थान एकत्र नहीं करते हैं लेकिन आपका अंतिम ज्ञात स्थान जो हमारे SDK के लिए उपलब्ध है। आपके सटीक स्थान को हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या इकट्ठा किया जाएगा और तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
हम आपके स्थान को समझ सकते हैं, यदि आप किसी ऐसे वाई-फाई से जुड़े हुए हैं, जिसका अनुमानित स्थान हमें ज्ञात है।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि यदि आप आपका स्थान पाने के लिए ऐप(ज़) को दी गई अनुमति को रद्द कर देते हैं (जो SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित है) तो हम उपरोक्त उपभागों (a) और (b) के अनुसार आपका स्थान पाने के योग्य नहीं होंगे।
हम उस मोबाइल नेटवर्क सेल के संबंध में डेटा एकत्र करके आपका स्थान समझ सकते हैं, जिससे आप जुड़े हुए हैं, यदि उस सेल का स्थान हमें ज्ञात है।
आपका देश, शहर और क्षेत्र SDK या अन्य डेटा स्रोतों द्वारा एकत्र किए गए आपके IP से या तीसरे पक्षों द्वारा हमारे साथ साझा किए गए अन्य डेटा से उपलब्ध हो सकता है (उदाहरण के लिए RTB एकीकरण के जरिए)।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि किसी ऐप (मोबाइल डिवाइस ऑपरेटिंग सिस्टम के जरिए) के लिए आपकी भू-स्थान अनुमति को अक्षम करके, आपके स्थान को अभी भी हमारे द्वारा उप-भागों (b), (c) और (d) में विस्तृत अन्य उपलब्ध स्रोतों से समझा और/या एकत्र किया जा सकता है।
आप अपने डिवाइस की सेटिंग को संपादित करके किसी भी समय स्थान-आधारित सेवाओं से बाहर निकल सकते हैं। इसके अतिरिक्त, आप
सभी स्रोतों
द्वारा हमारे साथ अपना स्थान साझा करने का चयन रद्द कर सकते हैं, जैसा कि नीचे भाग 12
(
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
) में वर्णित है
।
जानकारी जो हम विज्ञापनों के साथ या विज्ञापनदाताओं से आपकी बातचीत से एकत्र करते हैं
जब आप हमारे द्वारा प्रदान किए गए, समर्थित या सक्षम किए गए किसी विज्ञापन के साथ इंटरैक्ट करते हैं, तो विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप हमारे साथ तृतीय पक्ष सेवाओं (जिन्हें “एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदार” कहा जाता है) के द्वारा साझा किया जाएगा। हम इस डेटा का उपयोग फ़्रीक्वेंसी कैप (उदाहरण: यदि और कब आपको एक समान विज्ञापन प्रस्तुत करना है) और विज्ञापन एट्रिब्यूशन और माप के लिए करेंगे।
इसके अलावा, मोबाइल ऐप प्रकाशक, डेवलपर्स और/या मालिक, जिन्हें विज्ञापन उनके मोबाइल ऐप्स पर ले जाता है (मोबाइल ऐप की इन्सेन्टिवाइज़ इंस्टालेशन सहित) और/या सेवाएं हमारे साथ आपके पोस्ट क्लिक उपयोग और/या उनके मोबाइल ऐप्स के अंदर की गतिविधि को या विज्ञापन के साथ आपकी बातचीत के बाद की सेवाओं को साझा कर सकते हैं। इस तरह के उपयोग और/या गतिविधि में आपके द्वारा की जाने वाली खरीदारियां (राशि सहित), आपके द्वारा खरीदी गई सदस्यताएं और स्तर प्रगति (गेमों में) शामिल हो सकती हैं। इस जानकारी का उपयोग हमारे द्वारा इन मोबाइल ऐप्स के प्रकाशकों, डेवलपर्स और/या मालिकों के भविष्य के विज्ञापन अभियानों को Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए अनुकूलित करने के लिए, साथ ही नीचे भाग 8 में विस्तृत उद्देश्य के लिए भी किया जाएगा।
संवेदनशील जानकारी का संग्रह
Start.io को एंड यूज़र से या की किसी संवेदनशील जानकारी को एकत्र करने या मांगने की आवश्यकता नहीं है और न ही यह जानबूझकर या इरादतन चाहता है।
शब्द “संवेदनशील जानकारी” का अर्थ अधिकार क्षेत्र में परिभाषित के रूप में होगा, जिसके गोपनीयता कानून आप पर लागू होते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि, “संवेदनशील जानकारी” शब्द की परिभाषा अलग-अलग अधिकार क्षेत्रों में काफी भिन्न हो सकती है। कुछ अधिकार क्षेत्रों में, संवेदनशील जानकारी में निम्नलिखित शामिल हो सकते हैं: नस्लीय, जातीय या सांप्रदायिक मूल; राजनीतिक संबद्धता या राय; धार्मिक या दार्शनिक विश्वास या समान प्रकृति के अन्य विश्वास; अंतरंग संबंध या यौन जीवन; वित्तीय डेटा, क्रेडिट योग्यता डेटा, वित्तीय खाता, भुगतान कार्ड संख्या; आपराधिक रिकॉर्ड; राजनीतिक दल या ट्रेड-यूनियन सदस्यता; और शारीरिक या मानसिक स्वास्थ्य या स्थिति, स्वास्थ्य बीमा, चिकित्सा और/या बायोमेट्रिक डेटा।
यदि आप जागरूक हो जाते हैं या आपके पास यह मानने के लिए कोई कारण है कि आपसे आपकी संवेदनशील जानकारी प्रदान करने का अनुरोध किया गया था, या कि Start.io नेटवर्क ने आपकी जानकारी को संसाधित किया है, जिसे संवेदनशील जानकारी माना जाता है, आप पर लागू होने वाले गोपनीयता कानूनों के अनुसार, कृपया हमसे
privacy@start.io
पर संपर्क करें और हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए कदम उठाएंगे कि ऐसी संवेदनशील जानकारी हमारी फाइलों से तुरंत हटा दी जाएगी।
बच्चों की गोपनीयता
Start.io बच्चों की गोपनीयता सुरक्षा से संबंधित लागू कानून का अनुपालन करता है, जिसमें US के बच्चों का ऑनलाइन गोपनीयता सुरक्षा अधिनियम (“
COPPA
”) शामिल है। इस प्रकार, हम जानबूझकर या इरादतन बच्चों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र या इसकी मांग नहीं करते हैं, क्योंकि उन्हें लागू कानून के तहत परिभाषित किया गया है, और विशेष रूप से: 13 वर्ष से कम उम्र के, यदि वे कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अलावा US में स्थित हैं, या 16 वर्ष से कम उम्र के, यदि वे EU या कैलिफ़ोर्निया में स्थित हैं (सामूहिक रूप से: “
बच्चा
” या “
बच्चे
“), लागू कानून के तहत अनुमति के अलावा।
यदि हमें वास्तविक ज्ञान प्राप्त होता है कि एक एंड यूज़र को लागू कानून के तहत एक बच्चे के रूप में माना जाता है, और हमने उस एंड यूज़र (लागू कानून के तहत अनुमति के अलावा) के संबंध में व्यक्तिगत जानकारी संसाधित की है, तो हम उसकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हटाने के लिए तत्काल कदम उठाएंगे। इसके अलावा, हम अनुरोध करते हैं कि बच्चे स्वेच्छा से हमें Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए कोई भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी नहीं देंगे।
यदि आप जागरूक हो जाते हैं या आपके पास यह मानने का कोई कारण है कि किसी बच्चे ने हमारे साथ कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा की है, तो कृपया हमसे
privacy@start.io
पर संपर्क करें और हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए कदम उठाएंगे कि ऐसी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी लागू कानून के तहत आवश्यक सीमा तक, तुरंत हमारी फ़ाइलों से हटा दी गई है।
वैयक्तिकृत, लक्षित विज्ञापनों के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
हम इस उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या साझा की गई जानकारी का उपयोग करेंगे (इसमें शामिल हैं: बेचना, लाइसेंस या साझा करना), यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल और गतिविधि के आधार पर आपको लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन देना।
आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल उपरोक्त बताए अनुसार, सभी डेटा स्त्रोतों के जरिए हमारे द्वारा एकत्र की गई या हमारे साथ साझा, और हमारे द्वारा आपके बारे में एक एकल डेटाबेस में एकीकृत की गई जानकारी के आधार पर, आपके व्यवहार, हितों और इरादों के संबंध में हमारे व्यवहार, हितों और इरादों के संबंध में हमारे विश्लेषण, मान्यताओं और नतीजों के बारे में एक संभाव्य आउटपुट है।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन हमारी इन्वेंट्री पर हमारे द्वारा और/या हमारे व्यवसाय भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों के द्वारा आपको दिया जा सकता है, जिनसे हम आपके डेटा को साझा करते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि एक बार हमारे द्वारा आपके डेटा को किसी तृतीय पक्ष के साथ साझा करने के बाद, डेटा उस तृतीय-पक्ष की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के अधीन हो जाता है।
बशर्ते कि, किसी पूछताछ का आपका सटीक स्थान और डेटा जो पूछता है कि आपके मोबाइल डिवाइस में कुछ ऐप्स पहले ही इंस्टॉल किए गए हैं या नहीं तीसरे पक्षों के साथ “जैसा है” साझा नहीं किया जाएगा, लेकिन हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित किए अन्य डेटा के साथ जोड़ा या संयुक्त किया जा सकता है और आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल के हिस्से के रूप में साझा किया जा सकता है।
उन व्यापार भागीदारों या डेटा भागीदारों की सूची जो हमें उनकी गोपनीयता नीति आपको उपलब्ध कराने के लिए कहते हैं, यहाँ उपलब्ध है:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है: उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण के लिए कानूनी आधार आपकी सहमति है, जिसे आपके द्वारा सीधे या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से तीसरे पक्ष के जरिए प्रदान किया जा सकता है (जैसे कि RTB संकेत या संकेत)। हमारे लिए आपकी सहमति सामान्य हो सकती है (हमारे द्वारा एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और/या साझा किए जाते सभी डेटा के लिए) या किसी मामले(लों) में हमारे साथ साझा किए विशिष्ट डेटा के संबंध में (जैसे कि RTB संकेत या संकेत के साथ साझा किया गया डेटा)। हम दी गई या हमारे साथ साझा की गई आपकी सहमति के दायरे का पालन करेंगे।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि जब “बिना कोई सहमति” संकेत (या समान संकेत) के साथ किसी तीसरे पक्ष द्वारा हमारे साथ कुछ डेटा साझा किया जाता है, तो यह सामान्य रूप से या अन्य संकेतों के जरिए आपकी सहमति को प्रभावित नहीं करता है (“सहमति” संकेत के साथ), न ही यह हमारे द्वारा भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) या भाग 13 (आपके विकल्प और नियंत्रण) के तहत आपके अधिकारों का उपयोग करने के रूप में माना जाता है, जिसे यहां विस्तृत रूप में प्रयोग किया जाना चाहिए।
कृपया Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने या किसी भी लागू कानून के अनुसार आपको दिए गए अन्य अधिकारों का उपयोग करने के लिए नीचे भाग 12 (बाहर निकलने के अधिकार) और धारा 13 (आपके विकल्प और नियंत्रण) भाग देखें।
अन्य उद्देश्यों के लिए आपकी जानकारी का उपयोग
जानकारी जो हम एकत्र करते हैं, और जो हमारे साथ साझा की जाती है उसका उपयोग निम्नलिखित अतिरिक्त उद्देश्यों के लिए किया जाएगा:
Start.io समाधान को बेहतर बनाने के लिए, नई सेवाएं अपडेट तैयार करें या मौजूदा सेवाओं को अपग्रेड करें और Start.io समाधान के साथ अपने अनुभव को बढ़ाने के लिए।
Start.io समाधान को संचालित करने, बनाए रखने, संरक्षित करने और प्रबंधित करने के लिए, और हमारे Start.io समाधान के अन्य प्रशासनिक और परिचालन पहलुओं का प्रबंधन करने के लिए।
उपयोग आंकड़ों और यातायात प्रवाह का ऑडिट और ट्रैक करने के लिए, और Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाएं।
Start.io या तृतीय पक्षों के अधिकारों या संपत्ति की रक्षा के लिए।
इस नीति को लागू करने और गैरकानूनी गतिविधियों और Start.io समाधान के दुरुपयोग को रोकने के लिए।
कानूनी दावों के खिलाफ बचाव के लिए हमारे अधिकारों को निर्धारित या व्यवहार में लाने के लिए।
हमारे, हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं, स्वयं या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के अधिकारों, संपत्ति या सुरक्षा को नुकसान को बचाने के लिए या कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों के साथ सहयोग करने के उद्देश्य से या यदि हम बौद्धिक संपदा या अन्य कानूनी अधिकारों को लागू करना आवश्यक पाते हैं।
कोई भी लागू कानूनों का पालन करने और कानून प्रवर्तन एजेंसियों की सहायता करने के लिए जब हमें अच्छा विश्वास है कि उनके साथ हमारा सहयोग लागू कानूनी मानकों को पूरा करता है।
Start.io समाधान के संबंध में आपको शामिल करते विवाद के किसी भी मामले में कोई कार्रवाई करने के लिए।
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है, उपरोक्त उद्देश्य के लिए आपके डेटा का उपयोग हमारे निम्नलिखित के वैध हितों पर आधारित होता है: (i) Start.io समाधान का संचालन, प्रदान करना, बनाए रखने, संरक्षित करना, प्रबंधन, अनुकूलन और सुधार करना (इन कार्यों को करने के लिए आपके ADID की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है); (ii) लेखांकन और ट्रैकिंग उपयोग आंकड़े और यातायात प्रवाह, Start.io समाधान के संबंध में धोखाधड़ी का पता लगाना और भुगतानों की गणना करना (इन कार्यों को करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की आवश्यकता नहीं होती है); और (iii) Start.io या तृतीय पक्षों के अधिकारों या संपत्ति की रक्षा करना।
तीसरे पक्षों के साथ डेटा साझा करना
हम निम्नलिखित के अनुसार आपके डेटा (या इसके हिस्से को) साझा कर सकते हैं:
हम विज्ञापनदाताओं, विज्ञापन नेटवर्क, व्यापार भागीदारों और/या हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके डेटा (या इसके हिस्से) को साझा, लाइसेंस, बिक्री, स्थानांतरण या उपलब्ध कराएंगे जो उपरोक्त भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में बताए अनुसार, और वहां विस्तृत रूप से आपकी सहमति के अनुसार आपको लक्षित और/या वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापन पेश करते समय इसका उपयोग कर सकते हैं।
हम विज्ञापन के माप और एट्रिब्यूशन के उद्देश्य के लिए एट्रिब्यूशन भागीदारों के साथ, हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किए गए ADIDs को साझा करेंगे, जिसका उपयोग भुगतानों की गणना के लिए, Start.io समाधान के संबंध में अमान्य यातायात (धोखाधड़ी), सुरक्षा या तकनीकी समस्याओं का पता लगाने के लिए किया जाता है।
यदि आपने नियमों या इस नीति की उल्लंघना की है, ऐप का उपयोग करने के अपने अधिकारों का दुरुपयोग किया है, या किसी भी लागू कानून का उल्लंघन किया है, या विवाद के किसी अन्य मामले में, या ऐप के संबंध में आपको शामिल करती किसी भी प्रकार की कानूनी कार्यवाही में, आपकी जानकारी आवश्यक होने अनुसार सक्षम अधिकारियों के साथ और किसी भी तीसरे पक्ष के साथ साझा की जाएगी।
हम ऐसी जानकारी को संबंधित अधिकारियों, संस्थाओं या व्यक्तियों के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं जो हम ऐप के जरिए एकत्र या प्राप्त करते हैं यदि हमें कानून के अनुसार आपकी जानकारी को साझा करने या प्रकट करने की आवश्यकता है।
व्यक्तिगत पहचान योग्य जानकारी को हमारी संबद्ध कॉर्पोरेट समूह इकाइयों (“
सहयोगियों
” द्वारा, उनके साथ सामान्य नियंत्रण के अधीन, या नियंत्रित करती, प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से, इकाइयां) के साथ साझा किया जा सकता है या स्थानांतरित की जा सकती है, लेकिन इस तरह की जानकारी के उनके उपयोग को इस नीति का पालन करना होगा।
दिवालियापन, विघटन या अन्य परिसमापन या दिवाला घटनाओं पर या हमारे चलते व्यवसाय में हमारी संपत्तियों या शेयरों या अन्य पुनर्गठन या पुनर्निर्माण के सभी या किसी हिस्से के विलय, बिक्री या हस्तांतरण की स्थिति में, पिछले भागों में उल्लिखित अनुसार, हमारे द्वारा प्राप्त, एकत्र या हासिल की जाने वाली जानकारी सेवाओं के निरंतर प्रावधानों के लिए सख्ती से आवश्यक सीमा तक संबंधित इकाई के साथ साझा की जा सकती है या स्थानांतरित की जा सकती है, बशर्ते कि यह उचित रूप से आवश्यक परिवर्तनों को विचारे जाने के साथ, इस नीति के प्रावधानों से बाध्य होगा। जानकारी के इस तरह के हस्तांतरण या साझाकरण पर, वह इकाई सभी बाद के उपयोग और जानकारी बनाने के प्रसंस्करण के लिए पूर्ण और विशेष जिम्मेदारी मान लेगी और हमें इसके द्वारा अनुवर्ती
इकाई के उपयोग और जानकारी के प्रसंस्करण के संबंध में, आप पर किसी भी दायित्व से मुक्त किया जाएगा।
इस नीति में उपरोक्त उल्लिखित के अलावा किसी भी मामले में, आपकी व्यक्तिगत पहचान योग्य जानकारी दूसरों के साथ केवल तब ही साझा की जाएगी यदि आप अपनी सहमति देते हैं, जैसा कि उपरोक्त भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में वर्णित है।
उन अधिकार क्षेत्रों में जिनके लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की प्रक्रिया के लिए वैध आधार की आवश्यकता होती है, उपभाग (a) के अनुसार आपके डेटा को साझा करना आपकी सहमति पर आधारित होता है, जैसा कि भाग 7 (
आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग
) में वर्णित है, और अन्य उपभागों के लिए हमारे वैध हितों पर आधारित है।
कुकीज़ और तीसरे पक्ष द्वारा डेटा संग्रह
यदि आप किसी ऐसे ऐप से मोबाइल वेबपेज खोलते हैं जहां हमारा SDK इंस्टाल या अंतर्निहित होता है, तो हम आपकी विज्ञापन आईडी के साथ आपके डिवाइस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर एक कुकी रख सकते हैं जिसका उपयोग हमारे द्वारा उद्देश्य के लिए किया जाएगा (उस मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर आपके लिए लक्षित और वैयक्तिकृत विज्ञापनों की सेवा) (“
कुकी
“)। विज्ञापन अभियान चलाते समय, आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर हमारे द्वारा दिए गए, सक्षम या समर्थित, कुकी हमें मोबाइल ब्राउज़र के उपयोगकर्ता के रूप में आपको पहचानने और तदनुसार वैयक्तिकृत करने में सक्षम बनाएगी।
अधिकतर ब्राउज़र आपको अपने डिवाइस से कुकीज़ को मिटाने, कुकीज़ की स्वीकृति को अवरुद्ध करने या कुकी को संग्रहीत करने से पहले चेतावनी प्राप्त करने की अनुमति देंगे। हालांकि, यदि आप कुकीज़ को अवरुद्ध करते हैं या मिटाते हैं तो आपका अनुभव सीमित हो सकता है। इस संबंध में कुकीज़ और आपके नियंत्रणों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, आप निम्नलिखित लिंक्स की समीक्षा कर सकते हैं:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/welcome/web
(Safari); और
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा
हम गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा एकत्र, संसाधित और उपयोग कर सकते हैं, जो व्यक्तिगत रूप से आपकी पहचान नहीं करता हैं (जिसमें व्यक्तिगत डेटा शामिल है जिसे आगे अज्ञात किया गया है)। इस तरह के गैर-व्यक्तिगत और/या अज्ञात डेटा को किसी भी तरह से एकत्रित, संसाधित और उपयोग किया जा सकता है, जिसमें पोस्टिंग, प्रसार, प्रसारण, साझा करना या अन्यथा संचार या तीसरे पक्ष को उपलब्ध कराना शामिल है।
उदाहरण के लिए: (i) हम बाजार अनुसंधान उद्देश्य के लिए, आपके ADID को हटाने के बाद, आपके डेटा का उपयोग कर सकते हैं; और (ii) Start.io के SDK में यह पुष्टि करने के उद्देश्य से IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) द्वारा ओपन माप सॉफ्टवेयर डेवलपमेंट किट शामिल है कि विज्ञापनों को वास्तव में देखा गया था। हम किसी भी व्यक्तिगत डेटा को IAB के साथ या OM SDK के माध्यम से साझा नहीं करते हैं।
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
आप हमें
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर, और यह बताते हुए कि आप किस सेवा से बाहर निकलना चाहते हैं, Start.io नेटवर्क से संबंधित कुछ डेटा संग्रह, साझाकरण प्रक्रिया और लक्षित विज्ञापन से आसानी से बाहर निकल सकते हैं।
कृपया ध्यान दें कि हमें आपसे संपर्क करना पड़ सकता है, यदि हमे आपका आवेदन प्राप्त करने से चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपकी पहचान को सत्यापित करना है। आप इस बात से सहमत होते हैं कि हम उस उद्देश्य के लिए आपके ईमेल का उपयोग करेंगे।
हम इसे प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान (लागू होने पर) सत्यापित करने से तीस (30) दिनों के भीतर आपके अनुरोध का उपयोग करेंगे।
बाहर निकलना आपको ऐसे विज्ञापनों को प्राप्त करने का चयन देता है जो आपके लिए लक्षित नहीं हैं और विज्ञापनों को प्रदर्शित करने के उद्देश्य से आपके द्वारा एकत्र किए गए डेटा को नियंत्रित करने के लिए नहीं है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि यदि आप बाहर निकलते हैं, तो भी आप Start.io नेटवर्क से विज्ञापन प्राप्त कर सकते हैं, लेकिन आपकी बाहर निकलने के चयन के अधीन, ऐसे विज्ञापन को हमारे द्वारा वैयक्तिकृत या लक्षित नहीं किया जाएगा।
आपकी पसंद
बाहर निकलने का प्रभाव
Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलना।
(i) हम आपके ADID को हटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करेंगे (जो सुनिश्चित करता है कि आपको व्यक्तिगत रूप से पहचाना नहीं जा सकता है); और/या (b) अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाएं – जैसा कि आगे भाग 15 (
डेटा प्रतिधारण
) में वर्णित है;
(ii) Start.io समाधान द्वारा प्रदान या समर्थित विज्ञापन आपके लिए अनुकूलित नहीं किया जाएगा और आपके लिए प्रासंगिक नहीं हो सकता है, जो Start.io समाधान के साथ आपके अनुभव को सीमित कर देगा;
(iii) हम आपके विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाने या आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करके इसे गैर-पहचानयोग्य बनाने के लिए कहेंगे।
“मेरी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को न बेचें” – एंड यूज़र्स के लिए जो CCPA के अधीन हैं
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को अपने ग्राहकों के साथ साझा नहीं करेंगे, जैसे कि: विज्ञापनदाता, DSPs और डेटा भागीदार। कृपया ध्यान दें कि हम आपके लिए विज्ञापनों की सेवा का समर्थन या इसे सक्षम कर सकते हैं जो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा का उपयोग नहीं करते हैं (यानी: आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल या व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के आधार पर आपको लक्षित या अनुकूलित नहीं किया गया है)।
हमारे साथ और हमारे विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ अपना स्थान साझा करना बंद करें
(i) हम इस नीति के भाग 3 में विस्तृत सभी साधनों में आपका स्थान एकत्र करना बंद कर देंगे;
(ii) हम आपके स्थान संबंधी डेटा को अज्ञात करेंगे;
(iii) हम अपने विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके स्थान डेटा को मिटाने के लिए कह सकते हैं या आपके स्थान डेटा को अज्ञात करके गैर-पहचानयोग्य करने के लिए कह सकते हैं।
हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपका डेटा साझा करना बंद करें; और/या
डेटा भागीदारों से बाहर निकलना
(i) हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके ADID को साझा नहीं करेंगे;
(iii) हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपकी पसंद को साझा करेंगे, और उन्हें या तो आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को हटाने या आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करके इसे गैर-पहचानयोग्य बनाने के लिए कहेंगे।
कृपया ध्यान दें, हालाँकि, हम हमारे डेटा भागीदारों और अन्य तृतीय पक्षों की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं। आपको हमारे डेटा भागीदारों की गोपनीयता नीतियों की समीक्षा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित किया जाता है जो यहाँ उपलब्ध हैं:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
हमारे डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके डेटा को साझा करने का चयन रद्द करना पूरे Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने का गठन नहीं करता है। इसलिए, आपका डेटा अभी भी Start.io, विज्ञापनदाताओं और Start.io के व्यावसायिक भागीदारों के द्वारा संसाधित किया जा सकता है। आप ऊपर वर्णित अनुसार संपूर्ण Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलना चुन सकते हैं।
आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर हमारी कुकी को रखने का चयन रद्द करना
हम आपके मोबाइल ब्राउज़र पर आपके लिए अनुकूलित विज्ञापनों का समर्थन, सक्षम करने या रखने के योग्य नहीं होंगे।
इसके अतिरिक्त, आप इसे नियंत्रित कर सकते हैं कि आपका ब्राउज़र आपके वेब ब्राउज़र की गोपनीयता और सुरक्षा सेटिंग्स को समायोजित करके कुकीज़ के लिए कैसे प्रतिक्रिया दे सकता है (जैसा कि ऊपर कुकी भाग में बताया गया है)।
हम ट्रैक न करें संकेतों के लिए प्रतिक्रिया नहीं देते हैं। ट्रैक न करें संकेतों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया देखें
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
उपरोक्त के अलावा, आप अपने मोबाइल डिवाइस पर सेटिंग्स को समायोजित करके हमारे और हमारे विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के लिए अपने मोबाइल डिवाइस पर विशेष डेटा के प्रकटीकरण को सीमित कर सकते हैं।
iOS मोबाइल डिवाइसेज़
के लिए, अपने डिवाइस की होम स्क्रीन से “सेटिंग्स” पर जाएं; “गोपनीयता” के लिए नीचे स्क्रॉल करें; “विज्ञापन” का चयन करें; और “विज्ञापन ट्रैकिंग को सीमित करें” को चालू करें;
एंड्राइड मोबाइल डिवाइसेज़ के लिए
, अपने डिवाइस पर “गूगल सेटिंग्स” पर जाएं; “विज्ञापन” का चयन करें; और “रुचि-आधारित विज्ञापनों को रद्द करें” लेबल वाले बॉक्स पर सही का निशान लगाएं।
कृपया अपनी व्यक्तिगत विज्ञापन प्राथमिकताओं के बारे में अधिक जानने के लिए अपनी डिवाइस विशिष्ट जानकारी को पढ़ें:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
आप
हमसे संपर्क
भी कर सकते हैं और हमें आपकी सहायता करने में खुशी होगी।
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण
आपके बाहर निकलने के अधिकारों (उपरोक्त भाग 12) के अतिरिक्त, आपको निम्नलिखित में से किसी भी अधिकार (या उनके समान) के साथ-साथ आपको दिए गए अन्य अधिकारों का प्रयोग करने का अधिकार है, जो आप पर लागू कानूनों के अधीन और उनके अनुसार है जो आपको ऐसे अधिकार प्रदान करते हैं (यदि कोई हो) (“
आपका(के) अधिकार
“)। आप हमें
dpo@start.io
या
privacy@start.io
पर एक ईमेल भेजकर अपने अधिकार(रों) का प्रयोग कर सकते हैं, जो उन अधिकारों के बारे में बताता है जिनका आप प्रयोग करना चाहते हैं (जैसे: “
सहमति निकासी
“) (“
अनुरोध
“)। हमें आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने सहित, आपके अनुरोध को संसाधित करने के लिए आपसे संवाद करना पड़ सकता है। हमें अनुरोध भेजकर आप इस बात से सहमत होते हैं कि हम उस उद्देश्य के लिए आपसे संवाद करेंगे।
आपका अधिकार
Start.io कार्यवाही
A1. सहमति वापिस लेना
यदि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के संग्रह और प्रसंस्करण का वैध आधार आपकी सहमति है, तो आप हमें दी गई अपनी सहमति वापस ले सकते हैं (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से)
(i) हम (a) आपका ADID हटाकर आपके डेटा को गुमनाम कर देंगे; या (b) आपका व्यक्तिगत डेटा हटा देंगे – जैसा कि भाग 15 (
डेटा प्रतिधारण
) में वर्णित है;
(iii) हम अपने विज्ञापनदाताओं, व्यवसाय भागीदारों और डेटा भागीदारों के साथ आपके अनुरोध को साझा करेंगे, और उनको आपके डेटा को अज्ञात करने के लिए कहेंगे।
यदि हमें आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त होने के चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करनी है, तो हम आपसे संपर्क कर सकते हैं।
हम आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने (जैसा लागू हो) से तीस (30) दिनों के भीतर आपके अधिकार का प्रयोग करेंगे।
A2. आपत्ति का अधिकार
आप हमारे द्वारा अपने व्यक्तिगत डेटा के प्रसंस्करण पर एतराज़ कर सकते हैं
A3. मिटाने का अधिकार
(भूल जाना)
Start.io नेटवर्क में हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या हमारे साथ साझा की गई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को मिटाने या हटाने का अनुरोध करने का अधिकार
B1. पहुंच करने का अधिकार /
B2. डेटा पोर्टेबिलिटी
Start.io नेटवर्क पर हमारे द्वारा एकत्रित या हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा की एक प्रति प्राप्त करने और/या इसे तीसरे पक्ष को स्थानांतरित करने का अधिकार
हम Start.io समाधान का उपयोग करने के दौरान आपके बारे में एकत्र किए गए डेटा की एक प्रति आपके ईमेल पते पर भेजेंगे। आप एतद्द्वारा सहमत होते हैं और हमें आपको ऐसा ईमेल भेजने और आपके अनुरोध को संसाधित करने के लिए आपसे संवाद करने के लिए अधिकृत करते हैं, जिसमें आवश्यक होने पर, आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करना शामिल है।
हम आपका अनुरोध प्राप्त करने या आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने (जैसा लागू हो) के चौदह (14) दिनों के भीतर आपके अधिकार का प्रयोग करेंगे।
अपने डेटा की एक प्रति प्राप्त होने के बाद, आप हमें उस डेटा में सुधार करने या उसे मिटाने के लिए कह सकते हैं (अर्थात इसे अनामित करना)।
उपरोक्त अधिकारों का प्रयोग करना उनके प्रयोग से पहले सहमति के आधार पर प्रसंस्करण की वैधता को प्रभावित नहीं करेगा। हम किसी भी लागू कानून के अधीन, उस जानकारी को संसाधित करना जारी रख सकते हैं जिसके लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता नहीं है। ध्यान दें कि, आपके अधिकार क्षेत्र में डेटा गोपनीयता और संबंधित कानून आपको आपके डेटा से संबंधित भिन्न या अतिरिक्त अधिकार प्रदान कर सकते हैं, जो लागू भी हो सकते हैं।
जहां हम आपके द्वारा अनुरोध किया गया डेटा आपको देने में सक्षम नहीं होते हैं, हम इसके लिए तर्क की व्याख्या करने का प्रयास करेंगे और पर्यवेक्षक प्राधिकरण से शिकायत करने के अधिकार सहित, आपके अधिकारों के बारे में आपको सूचित करेंगे।
जब हम आपके डेटा के प्रोसेसर की स्थिति में होते हैं, तो हम आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि किए बिना डेटा नियंत्रक से अनुरोध प्राप्त होने पर उपरोक्त अधिकारों का प्रयोग करेंगे। अन्य हालातों में, ऐसी मान्यता हमारे द्वारा आपके अधिकार(रों) का प्रयोग करने की एक शर्त हो सकती है।
Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने और/उपरोक्त A1-3 श्रेणियों के तहत किसी भी अधिकार का प्रयोग करने के बाद (i) हम अन्य संस्थाओं से आपसे संबंधित डेटा प्राप्त करना जारी रख सकते हैं जो Start.io समाधान या पूरे Start.io नेटवर्क का उपयोग करते हैं। बशर्ते कि हम हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा के आधार पर आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को विज्ञापन दिखाने के उद्देश्य से संसाधित करेंगे (यानी: केवल डेटा प्रोसेसर के रूप में हमारी क्षमता में); (ii) हम आपको ऐसे विज्ञापन दिखा सकते हैं जो आपकी प्रोफ़ाइल पर आधारित नहीं हैं या आपको लक्षित नहीं करते हैं; (iii) हम डेटा का प्रसंस्करण जारी रखेंगे जिसके लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता नहीं है; और (iv) यदि आप हमें अपनी सहमति देते हैं (प्रत्यक्ष या अप्रत्यक्ष रूप से, जैसा कि ऊपर बताया गया है), हम इस नीति के अनुसार आपके डेटा को संसाधित करेंगे, बशर्ते कि आपकी सहमति के बाद केवल हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किया या हमारे साथ साझा किए गए डेटा का उपयोग उद्देश्य के लिए हमारे द्वारा किया जाएगा।
डेटा सुरक्षा
Start.io के लिए आपकी गोपनीयता बहुत महत्वपूर्ण है और हम आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को अनधिकृत पहुंच, उपयोग या खुलासे से बचाने के लिए वचनबद्ध हैं। हमने लागू कानूनों और उद्योग मानकों का अनुपालन करने वाली सेवाओं के लिए भौतिक, तकनीकी और प्रशासनिक सुरक्षा उपायों को लागू किया है। हमारे सुरक्षा उपायों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया
यहां
क्लिक करें।
यद्यपि हम जानकारी की सुरक्षा के लिए उचित कदम उठाते हैं, जब तक कि लागू कानूनों द्वारा अन्यथा न कहा गया हो, हम उन लोगों के कामों के लिए जिम्मेदार नहीं हो सकते हैं जो हमारी सेवाओं का अनधिकृत उपयोग या दुरुपयोग करते हैं, और हम कोई वारंटी, व्यक्त, निहित या अन्यथा नहीं देते हैं, कि हम ऐसी पहुंच को रोकने में सक्षम होंगे।
डेटा प्रतिधारण
हम लागू कानूनों के अनुसार, और निम्नलिखित के अनुसार हमारे द्वारा एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को बनाए रखते हैं:
भाग 12 (
बाहर निकलने के अधिकार
) या 13 (
आपकी पसंदें और नियंत्रण – श्रेणियों A1-3
) में वर्णित किसी भी मामले में हम (i) हमारे परिचालन डेटाबेस में संग्रहीत आपके ADID को मिटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात कर देंगे; और/या (ii) आपके बारे में वास्तव में एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा को मिटा देंगे जिसके संग्रह और प्रक्रिया के लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता होती है;
हम (a) EU या UK में एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 12 महीनों; या (b) अन्य सभी एंड यूज़र्स के लिए 36 महीनों से अधिक के दौरान उद्देश्य के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग नहीं करेंगे। हम या तो अपने परिचालन डेटाबेस डेटा से मिटा देंगे, जिसकी आयु उपरोक्त अवधि से अधिक है
या
आपके ADID को हमारे परिचालन डेटाबेस से हटाकर आपके डेटा को अज्ञात कर देंगे (और उसके बाद हम आपके बारे में उद्देश्य के लिए एकत्र किए गए और संसाधित किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा का उपयोग नहीं कर पाएंगे)।
बशर्ते कि
, जब हम आपके ADID और/या हमारे
परिचालन डेटाबेस
से आपके डेटा को मिटाते या अज्ञात करते हैं, तो यह हमारे प्लेटफ़ॉर्म तकनीकी डिज़ाइन की सीमा के कारण हमारे
संग्रह
से नहीं मिटेगा, जिससे आपके ADID वाले पूरे कोड को फिर से लिखना असंभव हो जाता है। हमने अपने प्लेटफ़ॉर्म को इस तरह से तैयार किया है कि आपका व्यक्तिगत डेटा, जो कि आपके Start.io नेटवर्क से बाहर निकलने के अनुरोध (या समान अनुरोध) के बाद हमारे संग्रह में रह जाता है, उसे ऐसे अनुरोध के बाद संसाधित, उपयोग या किसी तीसरे पक्ष के साथ साझा नहीं किया जाएगा।
आपके क्षेत्र के बाहर डेटा का स्थानांतरण
हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संग्रहीत या संसाधित कर सकते हैं। हम संयुक्त राज्य या अन्य क्षेत्रों में स्थित तृतीय पक्ष के आपूर्तिकर्ताओं और डेटा प्रोसेसर्स के द्वारा आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को स्टोर या संसाधित कर सकते हैं।
यदि आप किसी ऐसे क्षेत्राधिकार के निवासी हैं जहां आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के स्थानांतरण के लिए आपकी सहमति की आवश्यकता है, तो इस गोपनीयता नीति के लिए आपकी सहमति में आपके डेटा के ऐसे स्थानांतरण के लिए आपकी स्पष्ट सहमति शामिल है।
यदि आप यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र (“
EEA
“) के निवासी हैं, तो हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए उचित कदम उठाएंगे कि आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को EEA के बाहर स्थानांतरित करने पर पर्याप्त स्तर की डेटा सुरक्षा प्राप्त हो।
EEA से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उन देशों को कोई भी स्थानांतरण, चाहे वह तीसरे पक्षों को हो या आंतरिक रूप से, जो डेटा सुरक्षा का पर्याप्त स्तर प्रदान नहीं करते हैं, सुरक्षा की रक्षा और व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की गोपनीयता के लिए, यूरोपीय संघ (EU) मानक संविदात्मक खंड और/या समान डेटा स्थानांतरण नियमों द्वारा नियंत्रित होते हैं।
कैलिफ़ोर्निया के अंतिम उपयोगकर्ता – CCPA
इस नीति के प्रावधानों से विचलित हुए बिना, कृपया ध्यान दें कि:
Start.io द्वारा एकत्र किए गए व्यक्तिगत डेटा की श्रेणियों को भाग 2, 3 और 4 में विस्तृत किया गया है;
डेटा का हमारा उपयोग (डेटा साझा करने सहित) भाग 7, 8 और 9 में विस्तृत किया गया है;
आपका बाहर निकलने का अधिकार और अन्य अधिकार भाग 12 और 13 में विस्तृत किए गए हैं।
नीति में परिवर्तन
यह नीति समय-समय पर हमारे द्वारा अपडेट की जा सकती है। महत्वपूर्ण परिवर्तन अपडेट के 30 दिनों में प्रभावी होंगे। अन्य परिवर्तन अपडेट के 7 दिनों में प्रभावी होंगे। यदि नीति को कानूनी आवश्यकताओं का अनुपालन करने के लिए संशोधित किया जाता है, तो संशोधन तुरंत प्रभावी हो जाएंगे। सबसे अद्यतित नीति और साथ ही इस नीति में कोई भी अद्यतन निम्नलिखित लिंक में प्रकाशित किया जाएगा और उपलब्ध होगा:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
। हम यह सुनिश्चित करने के लिए आपको समय-समय पर नीति की समीक्षा करने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करते हैं कि आप समझते हैं कि हम Start.io नेटवर्क के जरिए कैसे आपकी जानकारी एकत्र, संसाधित, उपयोग और साझा करते हैं।
हमारे साथ संपर्क करें
यदि आपके इस नीति के बारे में कोई सवाल या टिप्पणियाँ है, तो कृपया हमें यहां लिखें:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
आप हमारे साथ यहाँ ईमेल के जरिए भी संपर्क कर सकते हैं:
privacy@start.io
.
डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी
यदि आपके इस नीति के तहत एकत्र किए गए डेटा के संबंध में कोई अनुरोध है, जिसमें बिना किसी सीमा के, डेटा को हटाने, मिटाने, संशोधित करने, बदलने या स्थानांतरित करने के अनुरोध शामिल हैं, तो कृपया हमारे डेटा सुरक्षा अधिकारी के साथ यहाँ संपर्क करें:
dpo@start.io
।
कृपया हमारे साथ किसी भी पत्राचार में अपना नाम, पता और ईमेल पता शामिल करना सुनिश्चित करें ताकि हम समय पर आपकी पूछताछ का जवाब दे सकें।
आपकी सुविधा के लिए, इस नीति का अंग्रेजी से कई अन्य भाषाओं में अनुवाद किया जा सकता है। कृपया ध्यान दें कि आपके लिए उपलब्ध अनुवाद (यदि कोई हो) और अंग्रेजी संस्करण के बीच कोई भी भिन्नताओं या विसंगतियों में, अंग्रेजी संस्करण (यहां उपलब्ध है: लिंक:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
) मान्य होगा।
अंतिम अद्यतन
: 23 अगस्त, 2021
Dasar Privasi Pengguna Akhir Start.io
Start.io Inc. dan Ahli Gabungannya (
sebelum ini: StartApp Inc.
; “
kami
,” “
kita
,” “
milik kami
” atau “
Start.io
”) menghormati privasi anda.
Dasar privasi ini (“
Dasar
”) menerangkan amalan privasi Start.io berkenaan dengan maklumat peribadi anda di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io, cara maklumat dan data peribadi anda dikumpul, digunakan dan dikongsi dan hak dan pilihan yang tersedia untuk anda berkenaan dengan data peribadi anda.
Siapakah kami?
Start.io ialah syarikat pengiklanan dan data mudah alih yang membangun, mengendalikan dan menyokong platform pengiklanan, penyelesaian dan rangkaian (“
Start.io Solution
”) untuk tujuan menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada individu ( “
Pengguna Akhir
”) berdasarkan profil mereka.
Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang Start.io, anda boleh melayari laman web kami di:
www.start.io
.
Pengenalan dengan Rangkaian Start.io
.
Start.io Solution mengumpul dan memproses data peribadi anda, lokasi dan data lain daripada beberapa sumber (seperti melalui Start.io SDK (kit pembangunan perisian) yang dibenamkan atau disepadukan dalam pelbagai aplikasi mudah alih, platform Start.io RTB (pembidaan masa nyata). digunakan untuk peletakan iklan pada masa nyata (RTB), platform sisi bekalan atau rakan kongsi, pengiklan dan penyedia data lain; bersama-sama: “
Sumber Data
”).
Start.io berkongsi atau menyediakan data sedemikian (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan pihak ketiga berikut (i) pengiklan yang menjalankan kempen mereka pada inventori Start.io (apl mudah alih yang terlibat secara langsung dengan Start.io atau secara tidak langsung melalui rangkaian atau platform pengiklanan lain ; “
Pengiklan
”); (ii) agensi pengiklanan dan rakan kongsi perniagaan lain, yang menjalankan kempen mereka pada inventori Start.io atau pada inventori bebas mereka, dan boleh menjadi “pemproses” atau “pengawal” data (bersama-sama: “
Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan
”); dan (iii) pihak ketiga yang menjalankan atau mengendalikan pangkalan data, penyelesaian atau platform mereka sendiri yang mungkin bertindak sebagai “pengawal” data dan mungkin menggunakan data anda bersama-sama dengan data lain yang mereka proses tentang anda (“
Rakan Kongsi Data[/b ]”).
“
Rangkaian Start.io
” bermaksud rangkaian pengiklanan Start.io yang merangkumi sumber Data di satu pihak dan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data sebaliknya, di mana data anda dikumpul, diproses, digunakan, disediakan dan dikongsi untuk Tujuan (seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah).
Tujuan Pemprosesan Data
.
Data anda dikumpul, diproses, digunakan dan dikongsi oleh Start.io
di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io
untuk
tujuan menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil anda
; walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat,
jika kami menamakan data anda, kami boleh menggunakannya untuk tujuan lain juga
(bersama-sama: “
Tujuan
”).
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama, ialah data yang tidak mengenal pasti anda secara peribadi dan tidak boleh dikenal pasti. Tanpa nama boleh dibuat dengan memadam, mencincang atau menyulitkan ID Pengiklanan anda (atau MAID), yang merupakan pengecam unik anda yang digunakan oleh kami untuk membezakan data anda daripada data pengguna lain, dan menjadikannya boleh dikenal pasti daripadanya.
Apabila kami berkongsi data anda dengan pihak ketiga (Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data) kami akan mewajibkan mereka secara kontrak untuk menggunakan data tersebut untuk Tujuan sahaja, selain jika mereka menyatakan bahawa mereka boleh menggunakannya untuk tujuan lain tertakluk pada persetujuan anda atau asas lain yang sah.
Berhenti Menerima Iklan; hubungi sokongan kami di
support@start.io
.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa bukan keputusan Start.io untuk memaparkan iklan dalam apl mudah alih yang anda gunakan, tetapi pembangun atau penerbit apl yang menggunakan perkhidmatan kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung). Walau bagaimanapun, kami percaya bahawa anda mendapat manfaat daripada apl ini, kerana dalam kebanyakan kes, memaparkan Iklan adalah penting untuk memastikan apl dan perkhidmatan penerbit percuma. Selain itu, apabila pembangun atau penerbit apl menggunakan perkhidmatan kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung)
Iklan yang diberikan kepada anda mungkin dioptimumkan dan/atau disesuaikan untuk anda, yang meningkatkan pengalaman anda dengan apl
.
Jika anda ingin berhenti menerima Iklan, anda harus menghubungi
pembangun
atau penerbit apl tersebut, yang butirannya boleh anda temui di
Google Play
atau
Apple App Store
, dan hantarkan permintaan anda kepadanya. Sebagai alternatif, anda boleh menukar tetapan telefon mudah alih anda (
IOS
/
Android
).
Anda boleh menghubungi kami di
support@start.io
dan kami akan melakukan yang terbaik untuk membantu anda.
Menarik diri
.
Anda mempunyai pilihan untuk menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io dan/atau daripada berkongsi data peribadi anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami,
dengan mengklik pilihan pilihan anda di bawah Seksyen 12 (
Tarik Hak Diri
) di bawah
.
Dengan menarik diri,
pengalaman anda dengan Iklan yang diberikan kepada anda dalam Rangkaian Start.io tidak akan dioptimumkan atau disesuaikan untuk anda.
Start.io mungkin pengawal atau pemproses data peribadi anda, memandangkan cara data dikumpulkan oleh atau melalui setiap Sumber Data dan penggunaannya oleh kami atau setiap Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami.
Anda dengan ini bersetuju untuk menggunakan: (a) cara elektronik untuk bersetuju dan melengkapkan Polisi ini dan untuk memberikan anda sebarang notis yang diberikan menurut Polisi ini; dan (b) rekod elektronik untuk menyimpan maklumat yang berkaitan dengan Polisi ini.
Dasar Privasi kami Sepintas lalu
Bahagian
Ringkasan
2
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan secara langsung atau tidak langsung daripada anda
Kami akan mengumpul, memproses, menggunakan dan berkongsi (menurut Dasar ini) data berikut jika tersedia kepada kami: ID Pengiklanan anda, alamat Protokol Internet, Lokasi, nama apl (tempat SDK kami dipasang), jantina dan umur (jika dikongsi dengan atau diandaikan oleh kami), data pertanyaan apl yang dipasang, sifat peranti, peranti berpasangan Bluetooth, penderia peranti, pembawa, ISP, butiran sambungan rangkaian dan data Wi-Fi, perayauan, zon waktu tempatan, tetapan bahasa, minat anda dan data tingkah laku yang diandaikan daripada kata kunci yang dikongsi dengan kami.
3
Pengumpulan Lokasi anda
Kami akan mengumpul, memproses dan menggunakan lokasi tepat anda (hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran kepada Apl tempat SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan). Lokasi tepat anda akan ditambahkan pada atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan tentang anda dan tidak dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga.
Kami akan menganggap lokasi anda jika anda disambungkan ke Wi-Fi dan/atau sel rangkaian mudah alih yang lokasi andaian diketahui oleh kami.
Negara, bandar dan wilayah anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami daripada IP anda atau Sumber Data lain.
4
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan daripada interaksi anda dengan Iklan atau daripada Pengiklan
Apabila anda berinteraksi dengan Iklan, atribusi dan ukuran pengiklanan akan dikongsi dengan kami. Kami mungkin menerima penggunaan dan/atau aktiviti selepas klik dalam apl mudah alih yang dibawa oleh Iklan kepada apl atau perkhidmatan apl ini.
5
Pengumpulan Maklumat Sensitif
Start.io tidak memerlukan mahupun secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta sebarang Maklumat Sensitif daripada atau Pengguna Akhir.
6
Privasi Kanak-kanak
Start.io tidak secara sengaja atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta maklumat peribadi daripada kanak-kanak (seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan).
7
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Iklan yang diperibadikan dan disasarkan
Kami akan menggunakan (termasuk: menjual, melesenkan atau berkongsi) maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk Tujuan, iaitu: menyiarkan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil dan aktiviti anda.
8
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk tujuan lain
Kami akan menggunakan maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk tujuan lain juga, seperti: menambah baik Start.io Solution, membangunkan kemas kini perkhidmatan baharu atau menaik taraf perkhidmatan sedia ada; mengendalikan, menyelenggara, melindungi dan mengurus Start.io Solution; mengaudit dan mengesan statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik; mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution; menguatkuasakan Polisi ini dan mencegah aktiviti yang menyalahi undang-undang; dan mematuhi mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai.
9
Berkongsi Data dengan pihak ketiga
Kami mungkin berkongsi data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan
Pengiklan, rangkaian pengiklanan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data; rakan kongsi atribusi; pihak berkuasa yang berwibawa; entiti kumpulan korporat gabungan kami; dan sekiranya berlaku penggabungan, penjualan atau pemindahan semua atau sebahagian daripada aset atau saham kami atau penyusunan semula atau pembinaan semula lain dalam perniagaan kami yang sedang berjalan.
10
Kuki dan Pengumpulan Data oleh Pihak Ketiga
Jika anda membuka halaman web mudah alih daripada Apl di mana SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, kami mungkin meletakkan kuki pada penyemak imbas mudah alih peranti anda dengan ID Pengiklanan anda yang akan digunakan oleh kami untuk Tujuan tersebut.
11
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama boleh dikumpul, diproses dan digunakan oleh kami dalam apa jua cara.
12
Hak Menarik Diri (dan “Jangan Jual Maklumat Peribadi Saya” untuk pengguna akhir California)
Anda boleh menarik diri dengan mudah daripada pengumpulan data tertentu, proses perkongsian dan pengiklanan disasarkan yang berkaitan dengan Rangkaian Start.io, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
privacy@start.io
, dan menghuraikan perkhidmatan yang anda pilih untuk tidak ikut serta.
Selain itu, pengguna akhir California boleh menghubungi 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-4678688), (kod perkhidmatan: 234) untuk menarik diri.
13
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda
Anda mempunyai hak untuk melaksanakan mana-mana hak berikut, tertakluk kepada dan menurut undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami kepada
dpo@start.io
or
privacy@start.io
, yang menghuraikan hak yang anda ingin laksanakan: menarik balik kebenaran; objek, pemadaman (dilupakan), akses data anda, mudah alih data.
14
Keselamatan Data
Kami telah melaksanakan langkah keselamatan fizikal, teknikal dan pentadbiran untuk Perkhidmatan yang mematuhi undang-undang dan piawaian industri yang berkenaan.
15
Pengekalan Data
Kami mengekalkan data peribadi yang kami kumpulkan, mengikut dan mematuhi undang-undang yang terpakai, tetapi dalam apa jua keadaan, kami tidak akan menggunakan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan selama lebih daripada (a) 12 bulan untuk Pengguna Akhir di EU atau UK; atau (b) 36 bulan untuk semua Pengguna Akhir yang lain.
16
Pemindahan data ke luar wilayah anda
Kami mungkin menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain. Tertakluk kepada undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda, persetujuan anda kepada Dasar Privasi ini termasuk persetujuan nyata anda untuk pemindahan data anda tersebut.
17
Pengguna Akhir California – CCPA
Maklumat am untuk pengguna akhir yang tertakluk kepada CCPA.
18
Pertukaran kepada Dasar
Polisi ini mungkin kami kemas kini dari semasa ke semasa. Dasar yang paling terkini serta apa-apa yang dikemas kini kepada Dasar ini akan diterbitkan dan akan tersedia dalam pautan berikut:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
.
19
Hubungi Kami
Anda juga boleh menghubungi kami melalui e-mel di:
support@start.io
.
20
Pegawai Perlindungan Data
Anda boleh menghubungi Pegawai Perlindungan Data kami di:
dpo@start.io
.
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan secara langsung atau tidak langsung daripada Sumber Data kami
Kami akan mengumpul dan memproses data berikut (atau sebahagian daripadanya – mengambil kira teknologi atau penyepaduan yang digunakan, data yang tersedia untuk kami dan kebenaran lain), jika anda memuat turun Apl, yang SDK Start.io kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, dan /atau jika data anda dikongsi dengan kami, apabila kami disepadukan dengan atau disambungkan ke rangkaian pengiklanan, agensi atau platform lain (seperti RTB):
Pengecam dalam talian: ID Pengiklanan (IDFA dan/atau IDFV untuk peranti iOS dan ADID untuk peranti Android) (“
ADID
”).
Alamat Internet Protocol (“
IP
”).
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa, walaupun alamat ADID dan IP dianggap sebagai data yang boleh dikenal pasti secara peribadi dalam banyak bidang kuasa (seperti EEA), terdapat beberapa bidang kuasa di mana data tersebut tidak dianggap sebagai Data Peribadi.
Lokasi – seperti yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 3 di bawah.
Nama Apl (tempat SDK dipasang) dan kategorinya; untuk bukan SDK: nama aplikasi mudah alih yang anda gunakan untuk berinteraksi dengan Rangkaian Start.io.
Jantina dan umur (sama ada sebagai kesimpulan yang dibuat oleh kami atau dikongsi dengan kami oleh Sumber Data lain)
Data pertanyaan yang menanyakan sama ada apl tertentu telah dipasang dalam peranti mudah alih anda (perwakilan cincang sehala).
Data umum lain: sifat peranti (sistem pengendalian, versi sistem pengendalian dan jenis peranti), peranti berpasangan Bluetooth, penderia peranti (seperti pecutan), pembawa anda, ISP, butiran sambungan rangkaian dan data Wi-Fi, perayauan, zon waktu tempatan, tetapan bahasa.
Start.io SDK
ialah sekeping perisian yang disepadukan ke dalam atau dibenamkan dalam apl mudah alih yang membolehkan pembangun, pemilik atau pengendali apl ini memberikan anda serta pengguna akhir yang lain dengan Iklan yang diperibadikan.
“
Iklan
” atau “
Pengiklanan
” bermaksud apa-apa jenis bahan pengiklanan, termasuk teks, imej, video, iklan, kandungan, foto, bunyi, grafik, muzik, logo dan sebarang bahan atau kandungan
lain
yang mempromosikan barangan dan perkhidmatan atau aplikasi mudah alih, perisian, dsb., yang disediakan, didayakan, disokong atau dipermudahkan oleh Rangkaian Start.io.
“
RTB
” bermaksud platform atau penyelesaian “pembidaan masa nyata” yang mana inventori pengiklanan dibeli dan dijual berdasarkan setiap tera, melalui lelongan segera terprogram, yang berdasarkan, dalam kebanyakan kes, pada data pengguna yang dikongsi dengan pembida (pengiklan atau rangkaian pengiklanan, seperti Start.io). Pengiklan yang memenangi bidaan memaparkan iklannya kepada pengguna tersebut pada inventori pembidaan.
Pengumpulan lokasi anda
Lokasi anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami melalui mana-mana keadaan berikut (bersama-sama: “
Lokasi
” anda):
Kami mungkin mengumpul lokasi tepat anda, melalui telefon mudah alih anda, hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran dan persetujuan untuk berkongsi lokasi anda dengan Apl, yang SDK Start.io dipasang atau dibenamkan. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak mengumpul lokasi masa nyata tetapi lokasi terakhir anda yang diketahui yang tersedia untuk SDK kami. Lokasi tepat anda akan ditambahkan pada atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan tentang anda dan tidak dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga.
Kami mungkin menganggap lokasi anda, jika anda disambungkan ke Wi-Fi yang lokasi andaian diketahui oleh kami.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak akan dapat mengumpul lokasi anda mengikut subseksyen (a) dan (b) di atas jika anda membatalkan kebenaran yang anda berikan kepada Apl (yang merupakan SDK dipasang atau dibenamkan dalam) untuk mengambil lokasi.
Kami mungkin menganggap lokasi anda dengan mengumpul data berkenaan dengan sel rangkaian mudah alih yang anda sambungkan, jika lokasi sel tersebut diketahui oleh kami.
Negara, bandar dan wilayah anda mungkin tersedia kepada kami daripada IP anda yang dikumpul oleh SDK atau Sumber Data lain atau daripada data lain yang dikongsi dengan kami oleh pihak ketiga (contohnya melalui penyepaduan RTB).
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dengan melumpuhkan kebenaran geolokasi anda kepada Apl (melalui sistem pengendalian peranti mudah alih), lokasi anda masih boleh diandaikan dan/atau dikumpulkan oleh kami daripada sumber lain yang tersedia yang diperincikan dalam sub-bahagian (b), (c) dan (d).
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada perkhidmatan berasaskan lokasi pada bila-bila masa dengan menyunting tetapan peranti anda. Selain itu, anda boleh menarik diri daripada berkongsi lokasi anda dengan kami oleh
semua sumber
, seperti yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 12
(
Hak Menarik Diri
) di bawah
.
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan daripada interaksi anda dengan Iklan atau daripada Pengiklan
Apabila anda berinteraksi dengan Iklan yang disediakan, disokong atau didayakan oleh kami, atribusi dan pengukuran pengiklanan akan dikongsi dengan kami oleh perkhidmatan pihak ketiga (dikenali sebagai “rakan kongsi atribusi”). Kami akan menggunakan data ini untuk had kekerapan (cth.: jika dan bila untuk membentangkan anda Iklan yang serupa) dan atribusi dan pengukuran pengiklanan.
Di samping itu, penerbit apl mudah alih, pembangun dan/atau pemilik, yang dibawa oleh Iklan kepada apl mudah alih mereka (termasuk insentif pemasangan apl mudah alih) dan/atau perkhidmatan boleh berkongsi dengan kami penggunaan klik siaran anda dan/atau aktiviti dalam apl mudah alih mereka atau perkhidmatan berikutan interaksi anda dengan Iklan. Penggunaan dan/atau aktiviti sedemikian mungkin termasuk pembelian yang anda buat (termasuk jumlah), langganan yang anda beli dan tahap kemajuan (dalam permainan). Maklumat ini akan digunakan oleh kami untuk mengoptimumkan kempen pengiklanan masa hadapan bagi penerbit, pembangun dan/atau pemilik apl mudah alih ini melalui Rangkaian Start.io, serta untuk Tujuan yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 8 di bawah.
Pengumpulan Maklumat Sensitif
Start.io tidak memerlukan mahupun secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta sebarang Maklumat Sensitif daripada atau Pengguna Akhir.
Istilah “Maklumat Sensitif” hendaklah mempunyai maksud seperti yang ditakrifkan dalam bidang kuasa, yang undang-undang privasinya terpakai kepada anda.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa, takrif istilah “Maklumat Sensitif” mungkin berbeza dengan ketara dalam bidang kuasa yang berbeza. Dalam sesetengah bidang kuasa, maklumat sensitif mungkin termasuk: asal usul kaum, etnik atau kaum; gabungan atau pendapat politik; kepercayaan agama atau falsafah atau kepercayaan lain yang serupa; urusan intim atau kehidupan seksual; data kewangan, data kelayakan kredit, akaun kewangan, nombor kad pembayaran; rekod jenayah; parti politik atau keahlian kesatuan sekerja; dan kesihatan atau keadaan fizikal atau mental, insurans kesihatan, data perubatan dan/atau biometrik.
Jika anda menyedari atau mempunyai sebarang sebab untuk mempercayai bahawa anda diminta untuk memberikan Maklumat Sensitif anda, atau Rangkaian Start.io memproses maklumat anda yang dianggap sebagai Maklumat Sensitif, menurut undang-undang privasi yang dikenakan kepada anda, sila hubungi kami di
privacy@start.io
dan kami akan mengambil langkah untuk memastikan bahawa Maklumat Sensitif tersebut akan dipadamkan serta-merta daripada fail kami.
Privasi Kanak-kanak
Start.io mematuhi undang-undang berkenaan yang berkaitan dengan perlindungan privasi kanak-kanak, termasuk Akta Perlindungan Privasi Dalam Talian Kanak-kanak AS (“
COPPA
”). Oleh itu, kami tidak secara sedar atau sengaja mengumpul atau meminta maklumat peribadi daripada kanak-kanak, seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai, dan secara khusus: di bawah umur 13 tahun, jika mereka berada di AS selain California, atau di bawah umur. berumur 16 tahun, jika mereka berada di EU atau California (secara kolektif: “
Budak
” atau “
Kanak-kanak
”), kecuali yang dibenarkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Jika kami memperoleh pengetahuan sebenar bahawa Pengguna Akhir dianggap sebagai kanak-kanak di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai, dan kami memproses maklumat peribadi berkenaan dengan Pengguna Akhir tersebut (selain yang dibenarkan di bawah undang-undang yang berkenaan), kami akan mengambil langkah segera untuk memadamkan maklumat peribadinya. Di samping itu, kami meminta Kanak-kanak tidak akan memberikan kami sebarang maklumat peribadi secara sukarela melalui Rangkaian Start.io.
Jika anda menyedari atau mempunyai sebarang sebab untuk mempercayai bahawa Kanak-kanak telah berkongsi sebarang Maklumat Peribadi dengan kami, sila hubungi kami di
privacy@start.io
dan kami akan mengambil langkah untuk memastikan maklumat peribadi tersebut dipadamkan serta-merta daripada fail kami, setakat yang diperlukan di bawah undang-undang yang terpakai.
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Iklan yang diperibadikan dan disasarkan
Kami akan menggunakan (termasuk: menjual, melesenkan atau berkongsi) maklumat yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami untuk Tujuan, iaitu: menyiarkan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil dan aktiviti anda.
Profil anda ialah keluaran kebarangkalian analisis, andaian dan kesimpulan kami berkenaan dengan tingkah laku, minat dan niat anda, berdasarkan maklumat yang kami kumpulkan atau kongsikan dengan kami daripada semua Sumber Data, seperti yang diperincikan di atas, dan disatukan oleh kami kepada satu pangkalan data tentang anda.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa Iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan mungkin disampaikan kepada anda oleh kami pada inventori kami dan/atau oleh Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami, yang mana kami berkongsi data anda dengannya.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa sebaik sahaja kami berkongsi data anda dengan pihak ketiga, data tersebut tertakluk kepada amalan privasi pihak ketiga tersebut.
Walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat, lokasi tepat anda dan data pertanyaan yang menanyakan sama ada apl tertentu telah dipasang dalam peranti mudah alih anda tidak akan dikongsi “seadanya” dengan pihak ketiga tetapi ditambah atau digabungkan dengan data lain yang kami kumpulkan dan mungkin dikongsi sebagai sebahagian daripada profil anda.
Senarai Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan atau Rakan Kongsi Data yang meminta kami menyediakan dasar privasi mereka untuk anda tersedia di:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi: asas undang-undang untuk memproses maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan adalah persetujuan anda, yang mungkin anda berikan secara langsung kepada kami atau secara tidak langsung melalui pihak ketiga (seperti melalui isyarat atau isyarat RTB). Persetujuan anda kepada kami mungkin umum (untuk semua data yang kami kumpul, proses penggunaan dan/atau kongsi) atau berkenaan dengan data khusus yang dikongsi dengan kami dalam peristiwa tertentu (seperti data yang dikongsi bersama dengan isyarat atau isyarat RTB). Kami akan mematuhi skop persetujuan anda yang diberikan atau dikongsi dengan kami.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa apabila data tertentu dikongsi dengan kami oleh pihak ketiga dengan isyarat “tiada persetujuan” (atau isyarat yang setara), ia tidak menjejaskan persetujuan anda kepada kami secara umum atau melalui isyarat lain (dengan isyarat “persetujuan”), kami juga tidak dianggap sebagai melaksanakan hak anda di bawah seksyen 12 (Hak Menarik Diri) atau seksyen 13 (Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda), yang perlu dilaksanakan seperti yang diperincikan di sini.
Sila rujuk bahagian 12 (Hak Menarik Diri) dan bahagian 13 (Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda) di bawah untuk memilih keluar daripada Rangkaian Start.io atau menggunakan hak lain yang diberikan kepada anda mengikut mana-mana undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Penggunaan maklumat anda untuk tujuan lain
Maklumat yang kami kumpulkan dan yang dikongsi dengan kami akan digunakan untuk tujuan tambahan berikut:
Untuk menambah baik Start.io Solution, bangunkan kemas kini perkhidmatan baharu atau tingkatkan perkhidmatan sedia ada dan untuk meningkatkan pengalaman anda dengan Start.io Solution.
Untuk mengendalikan, menyelenggara, melindungi dan mengurus Penyelesaian Start.io, dan untuk mengurus aspek pentadbiran dan operasi lain Penyelesaian Start.io kami.
Untuk mengaudit dan menjejaki statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik, dan mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution.
Untuk melindungi hak atau harta Start.io atau pihak ketiga.
Untuk menguatkuasakan Polisi ini dan mencegah aktiviti yang menyalahi undang-undang dan penyalahgunaan Start.io Solution.
untuk menubuhkan atau menggunakan hak kami untuk mempertahankan terhadap tuntutan undang-undang.
untuk mengelakkan kemudaratan kepada hak, harta atau keselamatan kami, pengguna kami, diri anda atau mana-mana pihak ketiga atau untuk tujuan bekerjasama dengan agensi penguatkuasa undang-undang atau sekiranya kami mendapati ia perlu untuk menguatkuasakan harta intelek atau hak undang-undang lain.
Untuk mematuhi mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai dan membantu agensi penguatkuasaan undang-undang apabila kami mempunyai kepercayaan yang baik bahawa kerjasama kami dengan mereka memenuhi piawaian undang-undang yang berkenaan.
Untuk mengambil sebarang tindakan dalam sebarang kes pertikaian yang melibatkan anda berkenaan dengan Start.io Solution.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi, penggunaan data anda untuk tujuan di atas adalah berdasarkan kepentingan sah kami untuk: (i) mengendalikan, menyediakan, menyelenggara, melindungi, mengurus, menyesuaikan dan menambah baik Start.io Solution (ADID anda tidak diperlukan untuk melakukan tindakan ini); (ii) mengaudit dan menjejaki statistik penggunaan dan aliran trafik, mengesan penipuan berkaitan dengan Start.io Solution dan mengira pembayaran (maklumat peribadi anda tidak diperlukan untuk melakukan tindakan ini); dan (iii) melindungi hak atau harta Start.io atau pihak ketiga.
Berkongsi Data dengan pihak ketiga
Kami mungkin berkongsi data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) mengikut perkara berikut:
Kami akan berkongsi, melesenkan, menjual, memindahkan atau menyediakan data anda (atau sebahagian daripadanya) dengan Pengiklan, rangkaian pengiklanan, Rakan Niaga dan/atau Rakan Kongsi Data kami yang mungkin menggunakannya semasa menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan/atau diperibadikan kepada anda, seperti yang terperinci dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
) di atas, dan menurut persetujuan anda seperti yang diperincikan di sana.
Kami akan berkongsi ADID yang dikumpul oleh kami, dengan rakan kongsi atribusi untuk tujuan pengukuran dan atribusi Pengiklanan, yang digunakan untuk mengira pembayaran, mengesan trafik tidak sah (penipuan), isu keselamatan atau teknikal yang berkaitan dengan Penyelesaian Start.io.
Jika anda telah melanggar terma atau Polisi ini, menyalahgunakan hak anda untuk menggunakan Apl, atau melanggar mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai, atau dalam mana-mana kes pertikaian lain, atau sebarang bentuk prosiding undang-undang yang melibatkan anda berkenaan dengan Apl, maklumat anda mungkin dikongsi dengan pihak berkuasa yang berwibawa dan dengan mana-mana pihak ketiga, seperti yang diperlukan.
Kami mungkin berkongsi maklumat yang kami kumpul atau peroleh melalui Aplikasi dengan pihak berkuasa, entiti atau orang yang berkaitan jika kami dikehendaki oleh undang-undang untuk berkongsi atau mendedahkan maklumat anda.
Maklumat peribadi yang boleh dikenal pasti boleh dikongsi dengan, atau dipindahkan kepada, entiti kumpulan korporat gabungan kami (entiti yang dikawal oleh, di bawah kawalan bersama, atau mengawal kami, secara langsung atau tidak langsung; “
Ahli Gabungan
”), tetapi penggunaannya maklumat tersebut mesti mematuhi Polisi ini.
Selepas kebankrapan, pembubaran atau peristiwa pembubaran atau insolvensi lain atau sekiranya berlaku penggabungan, penjualan atau pemindahan semua atau sebahagian daripada aset atau saham kami atau penyusunan semula atau pembinaan semula lain dalam perniagaan kami yang sedang berjalan, maklumat yang kami terima, kumpulkan atau perolehi, seperti yang digariskan dalam bahagian sebelumnya, boleh dikongsi dengan atau dipindahkan kepada, entiti masing-masing setakat yang sangat diperlukan untuk penyediaan perkhidmatan yang berterusan, dengan syarat ia akan berjanji untuk terikat dengan peruntukan Polisi ini, dengan perubahan yang sewajarnya perlu diambil ke dalam pertimbangan. Selepas pemindahan atau perkongsian maklumat sedemikian, entiti tersebut akan memikul tanggungjawab sepenuhnya dan eksklusif untuk semua penggunaan dan pemprosesan seterusnya yang dibuatnya terhadap maklumat tersebut dan kami akan dilepaskan daripada sebarang liabiliti kepada anda, berkenaan dengan yang seterusnya.
penggunaan dan pemprosesan maklumat oleh entiti itu.
Dalam sebarang kes selain daripada yang dinyatakan di atas dalam Polisi ini, maklumat peribadi anda yang boleh dikenal pasti akan dikongsi dengan orang lain hanya jika anda memberikan kebenaran anda, seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
) di atas.
Dalam bidang kuasa yang memerlukan asas yang sah untuk proses maklumat peribadi, perkongsian data anda menurut subseksyen (a) adalah berdasarkan persetujuan anda, seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 7 (
Penggunaan maklumat peribadi anda
), dan untuk subseksyen lain adalah berdasarkan kepentingan sah kami.
Kuki dan Pengumpulan Data oleh Pihak Ketiga
Jika anda membuka halaman web mudah alih daripada Apl di mana SDK kami dipasang atau dibenamkan, kami mungkin meletakkan kuki pada penyemak imbas mudah alih peranti anda dengan ID Pengiklanan anda yang akan digunakan oleh kami untuk Tujuan (menyampaikan iklan yang disasarkan dan diperibadikan kepada anda pada itu. penyemak imbas mudah alih) (“
Kuki
“). Apabila menjalankan kempen pengiklanan, dengan syarat, didayakan atau disokong oleh kami pada pelayar mudah alih anda, Kuki akan membolehkan kami mengenal pasti anda sebagai pengguna pelayar mudah alih dan memperibadikan anda dengan sewajarnya.
Kebanyakan penyemak imbas akan membenarkan anda memadamkan kuki daripada peranti anda, menyekat penerimaan kuki atau menerima amaran sebelum kuki disimpan. Walau bagaimanapun, jika anda menyekat atau memadam kuki pengalaman anda mungkin terhad. Untuk mendapatkan maklumat lanjut tentang kuki dan kawalan anda dalam hal ini, anda boleh menyemak pautan berikut:
Chrome
:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome)
;
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enhanced-tracking-protection-firefox-desktop?redirectslug=enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences&redirectlocale=en-US
;
Opera: https://help.opera.com/en/latest/security-and-privacy/
;
Microsoft Explorer
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/delete-and-manage-cookies-168dab11-0753-043d-7c16-ede5947fc64d
;
Safari (Apple)
:
https://support.apple.com/en-il/guide/mdm/welcome/web
(Safari); dan
Microsoft Edge
:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/microsoft-edge-browsing-data-and-privacy-bb8174ba-9d73-dcf2-9b4a-c582b4e640dd
Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama
Kami mungkin mengumpul, memproses dan menggunakan data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama, yang tidak mengenal pasti anda secara peribadi (yang termasuk data peribadi yang tanpa nama). Data bukan peribadi dan/atau tanpa nama tersebut boleh dikumpul, diproses dan digunakan oleh kami dalam apa jua cara, termasuk dengan menyiarkan, menyebarkan, menghantar, berkongsi atau sebaliknya berkomunikasi atau menyediakannya kepada pihak ketiga.
Contohnya: (i) kami mungkin menggunakan data anda, selepas memadamkan ADID anda, untuk tujuan penyelidikan pasaran; dan (ii) SDK Start.io termasuk Kit Pembangunan Perisian Pengukuran Terbuka oleh IAB TECH LAB (“OM SDK”) untuk tujuan mengesahkan bahawa iklan sebenarnya telah dilihat. Kami tidak berkongsi sebarang data peribadi dengan IAB atau melalui OM SDK.
Hak Menarik Diri
Anda boleh menarik diri dengan mudah daripada pengumpulan data tertentu, proses perkongsian dan pengiklanan disasarkan yang berkaitan dengan Rangkaian Start.io, dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
privacy@start.io
, dan menghuraikan perkhidmatan yang anda pilih untuk tidak ikut serta.
Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami mungkin perlu menghubungi anda, jika kami perlu mengesahkan identiti anda, dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima permohonan anda kepada kami. Anda dengan ini bersetuju bahawa kami akan menggunakan e-mel anda untuk tujuan itu.
Kami akan melaksanakan permintaan anda dalam masa tiga puluh (30) hari dari menerimanya atau mengesahkan identiti anda (seperti yang berkenaan).
Menarik diri memberi anda pilihan untuk menerima iklan yang tidak disasarkan kepada anda dan untuk mengawal data yang dikumpul pada anda untuk tujuan memaparkan Iklan. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa walaupun anda menarik diri, anda masih boleh menerima Iklan daripada Rangkaian Start.io, tetapi tertakluk kepada pilihan keluar anda, Pengiklanan tersebut tidak akan diperibadikan atau disasarkan oleh kami.
Pilihan Anda
Kesan menarik diri
Tarik diri dari Rangkaian Start.io.
(i) kami akan (a) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda (yang memastikan anda tidak dapat dikenal pasti secara peribadi); dan/atau (b) padamkan data peribadi anda – seperti yang diterangkan selanjutnya dalam Bahagian 15 (
Pengekalan Data
);
(ii) Iklan yang disediakan atau disokong oleh Start.io Solution tidak akan disesuaikan dengan anda dan mungkin tidak berkaitan dengan anda, yang akan mengehadkan pengalaman anda dengan Start.io Solution;
(iii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami, dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data peribadi anda atau menjadikan data anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti tanpa nama.
“Jangan Jual Maklumat Peribadi Saya” – untuk pengguna akhir yang tertakluk kepada CCPA
kami tidak akan berkongsi maklumat peribadi anda dengan pelanggan kami, seperti: pengiklan, DSP dan Rakan Kongsi Data. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami mungkin terus menyokong atau membolehkan penyajian iklan kepada anda yang tidak menggunakan data peribadi anda (iaitu: tidak disasarkan atau disesuaikan kepada anda berdasarkan profil atau maklumat peribadi anda).
Berhenti berkongsi lokasi anda dengan kami dan dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami
(i) kami akan berhenti mengumpul lokasi anda dalam semua cara yang diperincikan dalam Seksyen 3 Polisi ini;
(ii) kami akan menamakan data Lokasi anda;
(iii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data lokasi anda atau menjadikan data lokasi anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti dengan menamakannya.
Berhenti berkongsi data anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami; dan/atau
Menarik diri daripada Rakan Kongsi Data
(i) kami tidak akan berkongsi ADID anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami;
(ii) kami akan berkongsi pilihan anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka sama ada memadamkan data peribadi anda atau menjadikan data anda tidak boleh dikenal pasti dengan menamakannya tanpa nama.
Walau bagaimanapun, sila ambil perhatian bahawa kami tidak bertanggungjawab terhadap amalan privasi Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan pihak ketiga yang lain. Anda digalakkan untuk menyemak dasar privasi Rakan Kongsi Data kami yang tersedia di:
https://www.start.io/startio-data-partners-list/
.
Menarik diri daripada berkongsi data anda dengan Rakan Kongsi Data kami tidak bermaksud menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io. Oleh itu, data anda mungkin masih diproses oleh Start.io, Pengiklan dan Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan Start.io. Anda boleh memilih untuk menarik diri daripada keseluruhan Rangkaian Start.io, seperti yang diterangkan di atas.
Tarik diri daripada meletakkan kuki kami pada pelayar mudah alih anda
Kami tidak akan dapat menyokong, mendayakan atau meletakkan Iklan yang disesuaikan untuk anda pada pelayar mudah alih anda.
Selain itu, anda boleh mengawal cara pelayar anda bertindak balas terhadap kuki dengan melaraskan tetapan privasi dan keselamatan pelayar web anda (seperti yang diperincikan dalam bahagian Kuki di atas).
Kami tidak bertindak balas kepada isyarat Jangan Jejak. Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang isyarat Jangan Kesan, sila lihat
http://www.allaboutdnt.com/
.
Sebagai tambahan kepada perkara di atas, anda boleh mengehadkan pendedahan data tertentu oleh peranti mudah alih anda kepada kami dan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dengan melaraskan tetapan pada peranti mudah alih anda.
Untuk Peranti mudah alih iOS
, pergi ke “Tetapan” daripada skrin utama Peranti anda; tatal ke bawah ke “Privasi”; pilih “Pengiklanan”; dan hidupkan “Hadkan Penjejakan Iklan.”;
Untuk Peranti mudah alih Android
, pergi ke “Tetapan Google” pada Peranti anda; pilih “Iklan”; dan tandai kotak berlabel “Tarik Diri daripada Iklan Berdasarkan Minat”.
Sila baca maklumat khusus peranti anda untuk mengetahui lebih lanjut tentang pilihan pengiklanan peribadi anda:
Android
:
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922
;
iOS:
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/apple-advertising/
Anda juga boleh
Hubungi Kami
dan kami sedia membantu anda.
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda
Sebagai tambahan kepada Hak Pilih Keluar anda (Seksyen 12 di atas), anda mempunyai hak untuk melaksanakan mana-mana hak berikut (atau yang setara), serta hak lain yang diberikan kepada anda, tertakluk kepada dan mengikut undang-undang yang dikenakan kepada anda yang memberikan anda hak tersebut (jika ada) (“
Hak anda
”). Anda boleh menggunakan Hak anda dengan menghantar e-mel kepada kami
dpo@start.io
atau
privacy@start.io
, yang menghuraikan Hak yang anda ingin laksanakan (seperti: “
Tarik Balik Persetujuan
”) (suatu “
Permintaan
”). Kami mungkin perlu berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk memproses Permintaan anda, termasuk untuk mengesahkan identiti anda. Dengan menghantar Permintaan kepada kami, anda dengan ini bersetuju bahawa kami akan berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk tujuan itu.
Hak Anda
Tindakan Start.io
A1. Tarik Balik Persetujuan
jika asas yang sah untuk pengumpulan dan pemprosesan maklumat peribadi anda adalah persetujuan anda, anda boleh menarik balik kebenaran anda yang diberikan kepada kami (secara langsung atau tidak langsung)
(i) kami akan (a) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda; atau (b) padamkan data peribadi anda – seperti yang diterangkan dalam Bahagian 15 (
Pengekalan Data
);
(iii) kami akan berkongsi permintaan anda dengan Pengiklan, Rakan Kongsi Perniagaan dan Rakan Kongsi Data kami dan meminta mereka menyamakan data anda
Kami mungkin menghubungi anda, jika kami perlu mengesahkan identiti anda, dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda.
Kami akan melaksanakan Hak anda dalam masa tiga puluh (30) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda atau mengesahkan identiti anda (seperti yang berkenaan).
A2. Hak untuk membantah
anda boleh membantah pemprosesan data peribadi anda oleh kami
A3. Hak untuk memadam
(untuk dilupakan)
Hak untuk meminta kami memadam atau membuang maklumat peribadi yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io
B1. Hak untuk mengakses /
B2. mudah alih data
Hak untuk menerima salinan data yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io dan/atau memindahkannya kepada pihak ketiga
Kami akan menghantar ke alamat e-mel anda salinan data yang dikumpul tentang anda semasa menggunakan Start.io Solution. Anda dengan ini bersetuju dan memberi kuasa kepada kami untuk menghantar e-mel tersebut kepada anda dan berkomunikasi dengan anda untuk memproses Permintaan anda, termasuk untuk mengesahkan identiti anda, jika perlu.
Kami akan menggunakan Hak anda dalam masa empat belas (14) hari dari menerima Permintaan anda atau mengesahkan identiti anda (mengikut mana yang berkenaan).
Selepas menerima salinan data anda, anda boleh meminta kami untuk membetulkan atau memadam data tersebut (iaitu menyamakannya).
Pelaksanaan Hak di atas tidak akan menjejaskan kesahihan pemprosesan berdasarkan persetujuan sebelum ia dilaksanakan. Kami mungkin terus memproses maklumat yang tidak diperlukan persetujuan anda, tertakluk kepada mana-mana undang-undang yang terpakai. Ambil perhatian bahawa, privasi data dan undang-undang berkaitan dalam bidang kuasa anda mungkin memberi anda hak berbeza atau tambahan yang berkaitan dengan data anda, yang mungkin juga terpakai.
Apabila kami tidak dapat memberikan anda data yang anda minta, kami akan berusaha untuk menjelaskan alasan untuk perkara ini dan memberitahu anda tentang hak anda, termasuk hak untuk mengadu kepada pihak berkuasa penyelia.
Apabila kami berada dalam kedudukan pemproses data anda, kami akan menggunakan hak di atas jika kami menerima permintaan daripada pengawal data tanpa mengesahkan identiti anda. Dalam keadaan lain, pengesahan sedemikian mungkin menjadi syarat untuk melaksanakan Hak anda oleh kami.
Selepas memilih keluar daripada Rangkaian Start.io dan/menjalankan mana-mana hak di bawah kategori A1-3 di atas (i) kami mungkin terus menerima data tentang anda daripada entiti lain yang menggunakan Penyelesaian Start.io atau di seluruh Rangkaian Start.io. Walau bagaimanapun, dengan syarat kami akan memproses data peribadi anda untuk tujuan menyiarkan iklan berdasarkan data yang dikongsi dengan kami (iaitu: dalam kapasiti kami sebagai pemproses data sahaja); (ii) kami mungkin menyampaikan kepada anda Iklan yang tidak berdasarkan profil anda atau tidak disasarkan kepada anda; (iii) kami akan meneruskan pemprosesan data yang tidak memerlukan persetujuan anda; dan (iv) jika anda memberi kami persetujuan semula anda (secara langsung atau tidak langsung, seperti yang dinyatakan di atas), kami akan memproses data anda menurut Polisi ini, dengan syarat hanya data yang dikumpul oleh atau dikongsi dengan kami selepas persetujuan semula anda akan digunakan oleh kami untuk tujuan.
Keselamatan Data
Privasi anda adalah sangat penting untuk Start.io dan kami komited untuk melindungi Data Peribadi anda daripada akses, penggunaan atau pendedahan yang tidak dibenarkan. Kami telah melaksanakan langkah keselamatan fizikal, teknikal dan pentadbiran untuk Perkhidmatan yang mematuhi undang-undang dan piawaian industri yang berkenaan. Untuk maklumat lanjut tentang langkah keselamatan kami, sila klik
sini
.
Walaupun kami mengambil langkah yang munasabah untuk melindungi maklumat, melainkan dinyatakan sebaliknya oleh undang-undang yang terpakai, kami tidak boleh bertanggungjawab ke atas tindakan mereka yang mendapat akses tanpa kebenaran atau menyalahgunakan Perkhidmatan kami, dan kami tidak memberi jaminan, nyata, tersirat atau sebaliknya, bahawa kami akan mampu menghalang akses tersebut.
Pengekalan Data
Kami mengekalkan data peribadi yang kami kumpulkan, mengikut dan mematuhi undang-undang yang terpakai, dan mengikut yang berikut:
Dalam mana-mana peristiwa yang diperincikan dalam Bahagian 12 (
Hak Menarik Diri
) atau 13 (
Pilihan dan Kawalan Anda – kategori A1-3
) kami akan (i) menamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda yang disimpan dalam pangkalan data operasi kami; dan/atau (ii) memadamkan data peribadi yang sebenarnya dikumpul tentang anda yang pengumpulan dan prosesnya memerlukan persetujuan anda;
Kami tidak akan menggunakan maklumat peribadi anda untuk Tujuan selama lebih daripada: (a) 12 bulan untuk Pengguna Akhir di EU atau UK; atau (b) 36 bulan untuk semua Pengguna Akhir yang lain. Kami sama ada akan memadam daripada data pangkalan data operasi kami yang umurnya lebih daripada tempoh di atas
atau
menyamakan data anda dengan memadamkan ADID anda daripada pangkalan data operasi kami (dan selepas itu kami tidak akan dapat menggunakan data peribadi yang dikumpul dan diproses tentang anda untuk Tujuan).
Dengan syarat
, apabila kami memadamkan atau menamakan ADID anda dan/atau data anda daripada
pangkalan data operasi
kami, ia tidak akan dipadamkan daripada
arkib
kami , disebabkan oleh pengehadan reka bentuk teknikal platform kami, yang menjadikannya mustahil untuk menulis semula keseluruhan kod yang mengandungi ADID anda. Kami telah mereka platform kami dengan cara yang data peribadi anda, yang ditinggalkan dalam arkib kami berikutan permintaan anda untuk menarik diri daripada Rangkaian Start.io (atau permintaan yang setara) tidak akan diproses, digunakan atau dikongsi dengan mana-mana pihak ketiga berikutan permintaan.
Pemindahan data ke luar wilayah anda
Kami mungkin menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain. Kami mungkin memindahkan menyimpan atau memproses data peribadi anda oleh pembekal pihak ketiga dan pemproses data yang terletak di Amerika Syarikat atau di wilayah lain.
Jika anda adalah pemastautin bidang kuasa di mana pemindahan Data Peribadi anda memerlukan persetujuan anda, maka persetujuan anda kepada Dasar Privasi ini termasuk persetujuan nyata anda untuk pemindahan data anda tersebut.
Jika anda adalah pemastautin Kawasan Ekonomi Eropah (“
EEA
“) kami akan mengambil langkah yang sewajarnya untuk memastikan data peribadi anda menerima tahap perlindungan data yang mencukupi selepas pemindahannya ke luar EEA.
Sebarang pemindahan, sama ada kepada pihak ketiga atau dalaman, maklumat peribadi daripada EEA ke negara yang tidak dianggap memberikan tahap perlindungan data yang mencukupi dikawal oleh Klausa Kontrak Standard Kesatuan Eropah (EU) dan/atau peraturan pemindahan data yang setara untuk melindungi keselamatan dan kerahsiaan maklumat peribadi.
Pengguna Akhir California – CCPA
Tanpa mengurangkan peruntukan Polisi ini, sila ambil perhatian bahawa:
Kategori data peribadi yang dikumpul oleh Start.io dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 2, 3 dan 4;
Penggunaan data kami (termasuk perkongsian data) dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 7, 8 dan 9;
Hak menarik diri anda dan hak lain dihuraikan dalam Bahagian 12 dan 13.
Pertukaran kepada Dasar
Polisi ini mungkin kami kemas kini dari semasa ke semasa. Perubahan besar akan berkuat kuasa 30 hari dari kemas kini. Perubahan lain akan berkuat kuasa 7 hari dari kemas kini. Jika Dasar dipinda untuk mematuhi keperluan undang-undang, pindaan akan berkuat kuasa serta-merta. Dasar yang paling terkini serta apa-apa yang dikemas kini kepada Dasar ini akan diterbitkan dan akan tersedia dalam pautan berikut:
https://www.start.io/policy/privacy-policy/
. Kami menggalakkan anda menyemak Polisi secara berkala untuk memastikan anda memahami cara kami mengumpul, memproses, menggunakan dan berkongsi maklumat anda melalui Rangkaian Start.io.
Hubungi Kami
Jika anda mempunyai sebarang soalan atau komen tentang Polisi ini, sila tulis kepada kami di:
Start.io Inc.; 584 Broadway St. 12th Floor Suite 1206 New York, NY, 10012
.
Anda juga boleh menghubungi kami melalui e-mel di:
privacy@start.io
.
Pegawai Perlindungan Data
Jika anda mempunyai sebarang permintaan mengenai data yang dikumpul di bawah Polisi ini, termasuk tanpa had, permintaan untuk mengalih keluar, memadam, meminda, mengubah suai atau memindahkan data, sila hubungi Pegawai Perlindungan Data kami di:
dpo@start.io
.
Sila pastikan anda memasukkan nama, alamat dan alamat e-mel anda dalam sebarang surat-menyurat kepada kami supaya kami boleh menjawab pertanyaan anda tepat pada masanya.
Untuk kemudahan anda, Polisi ini boleh diterjemahkan daripada Bahasa Inggeris ke beberapa bahasa lain. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa dalam sebarang percanggahan atau percanggahan antara terjemahan yang tersedia untuk anda (jika ada) dan versi Bahasa Inggeris, versi bahasa Inggeris (tersedia di: pautan:
https://www.start.io /policy/privacy-policy/
) akan diguna pakai.
Kemaskini terakhir
: Ogos 23, 2021
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.
In case of sale of your personal information, you may opt out by using the link
Do not sell my personal information
.
Cookie settings
Manage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
Cookie
Duration
Description
cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional
11 months
The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".
cookielawinfo-checkbox-others
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.
cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance
11 months
This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".
viewed_cookie_policy
11 months
The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
Sub-policy 24
https://www.smaato.com/privacy/:
Platform
Monetize
SPX Monetization Solution
Integration Center
Mediation Options
Programmatic Deals
Header Bidding Solutions
Advertise
SDX Marketer Solution
Extend Your Reach
Customer Data Platform (CDP)
Consent Management Platform (CMP)
Smaato Intelligence (SI)
Prepackaged Deals
Omnichannel Advertising
Native Ads
OTT/CTV Ads
Video Ads
Display Ads
Market Quality
Overview
Ad Quality
Traffic Quality
Insights
Case Studies
Guides and Reports
Videos & Webinars
Whitepapers
View All
Company
About
Events
Careers
Our Values
In the News
Marketplace Overview
Blog
Docs
Contact
Log In
Publishers: SPX
Marketers: SDX
Get Started
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Smaato Privacy Policy governing information provided to us from your use of the Smaato Site
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EU Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Applicant Privacy Notice
SG Applicant Privacy Policy
CCPA Privacy Notice
Publisher Policies
Demand Policies
Partner List
Cookie Policy
SDK License Agreement
Effective Date:
November 7, 2024
1. Introduction and Background
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
6. Data Access and Retention
7. Data Security
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
9. Users from Outside the United States
10. California Do-Not-Track Statement
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
14. Contacting Us
Smaato, Inc. (“Smaato,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides this privacy policy to explain how we collect, use, and share information. This privacy policy (“Policy”) covers Smaato’s handling of two types of information:
Information we receive from our Clients about end users (“End Users”) of third-party mobile applications (“apps”) that use our Software Development Kit (“SDK”), other collection interfaces (collectively, “APIs”), the Smaato Demand Platform (“SDX”), or the Smaato Publisher Platform (“SPX”) (collectively, the “Smaato Ad Services”), and
Information we receive through our corporate website at www.smaato.com or any other website on which this Policy is posted, as well as information we get through other corporate services and web portals we make available to clients and business partners (“Smaato Websites”). We describe the information received through the Smaato Websites in Section 5 below, titled “Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites.”
We encourage consumers to learn about how information (including information we collect) can be used to market to them, and how to exercise their choices to permit or limit such marketing. We describe ways consumers can exercise that choice or opt-out of marketing in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
1. Introduction and Background
Smaato provides mobile advertising technology services that facilitate transactions among demand-side platforms, advertisers, app developers, publishers of mobile websites and/or apps, and ad exchanges (collectively, “Clients”), and service providers (collectively “Partners”). We do this by making available the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to Clients. Clients use the Smaato Ad Services and other tools to deliver advertising to End Users, and we in turn provide our services to help Clients (and their own customers) to deliver ads that are of interest to End Users. We explain what SDKs and APIs are in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs,” which also explains how cookies and similar technologies (which we also use to provide the Smaato Ad Services) work.
2. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Ad Services
a. Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
Through the Smaato Ad Services, we may collect information about End Users (to the extent that Clients pass such information to Smaato), which includes:
IP addresses, from which geographic location may be inferred, as well as system configuration information such as information about End Users’ operating system;
Rough geolocation information;
Cookie IDs, Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Google Advertising IDs (collectively, “Mobile IDs”);
Age;
Gender;
Device type and other device information (e.g., whether an End User is using a smartphone or tablet, and related information);
Network provider;
Mobile browser (e.g., Firefox, Safari, and Chrome); and
Other unique identifiers that may be associated with an End Users’ device, including identifiers provided by Clients or their service providers.
We refer to all of the above information as the “Service Information.”
b. How We Use the Information Collected Through the Smaato Ad Services
We use the Service Information to provide a variety of services to our Clients related to advertising and marketing, including services we may describe elsewhere on Smaato Websites. This includes use of the Service Information for purposes such as to:
Provide customer, technical, and operational support for the Smaato Ad Services, detect and protect against errors, fraud, or other criminal activity, and resolve disputes and enforce our terms and conditions and other rights we may have. This may also include analyzing, customizing, and improving the features of the Smaato Ad Services;
Provide information and analytics to Clients about the advertising inventory provided through the Smaato Ad Services;
We, or our Clients, may deploy online cookies to track End Users across mobile websites and/or apps, or to associate End Users and these cookies with Mobile IDs. You can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons and SDKs, in Section 3 below, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.”
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Ad Services
We share the Service Information with Clients and Partners in order to provide the Smaato Ad Services. For example, we share the Service Information with:
Clients and their marketing and service providers, so they may provide targeted advertising to End Users on mobile websites and/or apps;
Partners that facilitate the functioning of the Smaato Ad Services (e.g., traffic and ad quality verification vendors and data centers).
Even when a Client no longer accesses our SDK, we may continue to use and share Service Information as described in this Policy. The processes we described above often involve cookies or similar technologies, which may be associated with other information about End Users, such as End Users’ interests, demographics, or transactions. This is generally known as “interest-based advertising.” We encourage individuals who are interested in controlling or learning about this type of advertising to go to Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” or go to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA’s) website at www.aboutads.info. We may also share Service Information with third parties:
Pursuant to a request or authorization by an End User or Client;
If the disclosure is provided to: (a) comply in good faith with applicable laws, rules, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, or subpoenas, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement; (b) enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or (c) protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity;
Where the information is aggregated or de-identified; and
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence).
3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs
a. Cookies and Pixel Tags
Cookies are small data files containing a string of characters, such as unique browser identifiers. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as unique tags that identify your browser. Our servers may deploy a cookie on your browser when you visit the Smaato Websites. Our Clients and Partners may do likewise on the Smaato Websites, our Clients’ and Partners’ websites, and elsewhere. Smaato may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain after you close your browser, and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to any given website. Using persistent cookies, a site operator (or a third party they work with) can “remember” what you have previously done on a website and personalize the site, or ads you see, for you. This technology may also provide a site operator or third party (or us, when you visit the Smaato Websites) with information regarding your IP address, browser type, the web pages that you visit just before or after visiting a website, the web pages viewed, and the dates and times of your visits. A pixel tag (also commonly known as a web beacon or clear GIF) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a web page with a pixel tag, the pixel tag may generate a generic notice of the visit, and permit us, or our Clients or Partners, to set or read cookies. Pixel tags are used in combination with cookies to track the activity on a website by a particular browser on a particular device. If you disable cookies, pixel tags simply detect a given website visit. We, alone or with our Clients and Partners, may use cookies to, for example, “remember” you, track trends, and collect information about how you use our Clients’ or Partners’ websites or interact with advertising. We, and our Clients and Partners, use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. If you wish to opt-out of interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of the Smaato Websites’ functionalities and offerings, and those of other websites you visit.
b. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs
We, or our Clients or Partners, may use or work with mobile SDKs (including our own SDK(s), which are described in more detail in this Policy) to collect information, such as Mobile IDs, and information related to how mobile devices and their users interact with our Smaato Ad Services and those using our Smaato Ad Services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. Sometimes, we obtain data through other (generally, simpler) interfaces that deliver similar data to us, which are commonly referred to (and which we refer to) as APIs. We may use these technologies, for example, to analyze or measure certain advertising through apps and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you would like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 4 below, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.”
4. Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options
In most cases, consumers have control over whether or not they would like to receive relevant ads and marketing emails from our Clients. To change the settings for the cookies Smaato sets on your devices through the Smaato Websites, please visit our Cookie Policy.
a. Opting Out of Online Interest-Based Advertising from Cookies
You can opt-out of many of the publishers, platforms and service providers we work with that support online interest-based advertising from cookies or similar technologies by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info (or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in the European Union). Some of our publisher Clients have their own opt-out mechanisms that are linked from their websites or their online-posted privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of those companies for these opt-out links if you no longer wish to receive targeted advertising from a certain company, or multiple companies. You can also click below to opt-out of having the Smaato Ad services used to select ads for your browser based on your online web browsing behavior. When you opt-out, an opt-out cookie (from smaato.net) will be stored in your web browser. Our platform will know the choice you have made when it sees your opt-out cookie, and will apply your choice to all companies using Smaato Ad services for online interest-based advertising from cookies. Please note: This type of opt-out is cookie-based, which means that if you block cookies, upgrade your browser or delete your cookies, you will need to opt-out again. Also, in order for your opt-out choice to be effective, you must ensure that your browser is set to accept third-party cookies such as the Smaato opt-out cookie. Some browsers block third-party cookies by default, and you may need to change your browser settings to accept third-party cookies before opting out. If you use a different device or browser, or erase cookies from your browser, you will need to renew your opt-out choice. Even if you opt-out, Smaato may continue to collect data for other purposes and you still will receive advertising from the Smaato Ad Service when you visit websites of a publisher Client who uses our Platform – but such advertising will not be personalized to you.
b. Opting Out of Cross-App Advertising on Mobile Devices
You can opt-out of having your Mobile IDs used for certain types of interest-based mobile advertising (also called “cross-app advertising”), including those performed by Smaato, by accessing the settings on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows:
Apple Devices: If you have an Apple device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by updating to iOS 6.0 or higher and enabling “Limit Ad Tracking.”
iOS 7 and Higher: Go to Settings → Privacy → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
iOS 6: Go to Settings → General → About → Advertising, and toggle “Limit Ad Tracking” to ‘ON.’
Android Devices: If you have an Android device, you can opt-out of most cross-app advertising by going to Google Settings → Ads, and selecting the option to opt-out of interest-based ads.
Please note that these platforms control how these settings work, so the above instructions may change, and the precise language may be different on certain (particularly, on older) devices. Likewise, if your device uses other platforms not described above, please check the settings for those devices.
c. Additional Choices
Advertisers may also provide ways for you to opt-out from, or limit their collection of, certain information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, apps, and mobile websites to learn more about their privacy practices. You may opt-out from receiving promotional emails from us, such as emails to inform you about events and new services, by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any promotional email you receive, or by contacting us at
marketing@smaato.com
*protected email*
. Please note, however, that we may still send you non-promotional emails relating to your relationship with us.
5. Privacy Practices for the Smaato Websites
a. Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
The Smaato Websites provide information regarding Smaato and our products and services. Through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, and we may also obtain automatically-collected information.
i. Information You Disclose to Us
When registering for an account, expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about Smaato or our products and services, or otherwise contacting us through the Smaato Websites, we collect the information you voluntarily disclose to us, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, and other billing information. You may also provide us with certain information about your business or other individuals.
ii. Automatically-Collected Information
When you visit the Smaato Websites, we may use cookies and pixel tags that we associate with unique identifiers to keep track of visitor interactions and personalize your experience on the Smaato Websites. For more information, please see Section 3 above, titled “Cookies, Pixel Tags, and SDKs.” We may also use third-party services, such as Google Analytics, that gather information such as your IP address, browser type, the web page from which you came to the Smaato Websites, and the times of your visit. In addition, as you browse the Smaato Websites, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can “remember” your interests. Our display advertising partners may then help us retarget ads to you on other sites based on your interactions with the Smaato Websites. To opt-out of such interest-based mobile advertising, please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options.” Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads; rather, the ads you see will be less customized to you.
b. How We Use Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Policy, we use the information we collect through the Smaato Websites (alone or in combination) to provide, market, improve, and operate the Smaato Websites, Smaato Ad Services, and any other products or services we have or may develop. This includes use of the information to:
Fulfill your requests;
Send information about our products and services, including marketing communications;
Respond to your questions, concerns, or customer service inquiries;
Create aggregated or de-identified information;
Comply with applicable laws, prevent fraud, mitigate risk, and perform similar purposes;
Understand usage trends and preferences;
Analyze, improve, and provide products and services;
Customize the content and advertising you see on the Smaato Websites, across the Internet, and elsewhere; and/or
Perform other purposes at your request.
c. How We Share Information We Collect Through the Smaato Websites
We may share the information we collect through the Smaato Websites in the following situations:
With your consent, including through this Policy;
With our affiliates;
With third parties that help us to operate our business and provide our services, such as entities that provide us with technical, customer, billing, administrative, event planning, marketing, or operational services;
As part of a business purchase, sale, merger, consolidation, investment, change in control, transfer of all or substantially all of our assets, reorganization or liquidation, bankruptcy, or in connection with steps taken in anticipation of such an event (e.g. due diligence);
When required by law or in response to lawful process, such as a subpoena, or to cooperate in good faith with a request from a government or law enforcement agency or official, including for purposes of national security and law enforcement;
If we believe sharing the information may prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss; or
If we believe sharing the information is necessary to protect our, or any other person’s or entity’s, interests, rights, property, or safety, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
With respect to aggregated or de-identified information, we may share such information without restriction.
d. Analytics Services
For the purpose of designing our website in line with your needs, evaluating it from a business management perspective, controlling it and continuously optimizing our pages, we use services described in more detail below on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) and f) GDPR. All of the mentioned processing operations result in a transfer of data to the servers of the providers of tracking or targeting technologies commissioned by us. Some of these servers are located in the USA. The data transfer is based on so-called standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission or under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the/or Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles. If you do not agree with the storage and evaluation of your data, you can object to the storage and processing of your data in the consent banner on our website. In this case, a so-called opt-out cookie will be stored in your browser, which means that the services used will not process any session data. However, you may then no longer be able to use all the functions on our websites. You can also prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of our websites to their full extent.
Google reCAPTCHA
We use the reCaptcha service of Google LLC (“Google”), 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, to protect us from spam and misuse. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. This service serves to distinguish whether an entry was made by a human being or abusively by automated, machine processing. To determine this, Google places a cookie in your browser when you use the reCaptcha service and collects and processes the following data:
Referrer URL (address of the page on which the captcha is used)
Browser, browser size and resolution, browser plug-ins, date, language setting
Mouse- or Touch-Events within the reCaptcha box
Assignment to a Google account (if you are currently logged in to Google when using the reCaptcha service, this will be recognized and assigned)
Your input behaviour (e.g. answering the reCAPTCHA question, input speed into the form fields, order of selection of input fields by the user) is processed to improve pattern recognition on Google. Google also reads the cookies from other Google services such as Gmail, Search and Analytics. All of the above data is sent to Google in encrypted form. Google’s subsequent evaluation decides in which form the captcha is displayed on the page – in the form of a checkbox or by text input. A readout or saving of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place. Further information about Google’s privacy policy can be found at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ .
Google Analytics – Google Universal Analytics
Smaato uses Google Universal Analytics, a web analytics tool from Google and we have a privacy agreement with Google. Google uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookies on the use of the Smaato website by the users are usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, Smaato has activated the IP anonymization, so that your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other signatory states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area before this happens. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of Smaato, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on the website activities and to provide further services to us in connection with the use of the website and the Internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not combined with other data from Google. We use this processing on the basis of Art. 6 Par. 1 lit. f) GDPR for range measurement and evaluation (so-called statistics). In this case there is no further processing of your data for marketing or retargeting purposes. This serves the business optimization of our processes. If you have given your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a) GDPR), we will also process your data for marketing purposes. You can find more information on terms of use and data protection at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms or https://marketingplatform.google.com/about/. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended by the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” in order to ensure the anonymous processing of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). If you do not agree with the processing of your data by Google Analytics, you can object here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de
6. Data Access and Retention
Generally speaking, we retain the information collected from the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services for as long as necessary to achieve our objectives as detailed in this Policy, and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, the United Kingdom (UK), California, or Virginia, you may obtain a copy of the information we have about you, and correct or amend such information, by contacting us at
datarights@smaato.com
*protected email*
or by submitting a request to our online web form. You may read more about this and other rights in Section 11 below.
7. Data Security
We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect the information from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your information. To assist with data security, you understand that YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF ANY ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS THAT CAN BE USED TO ACCESS ANY ACCOUNT WITH SMAATO. ANY ACTIONS TAKEN USING YOUR ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS ARE YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY.
8. Third-Party Websites and Apps
This Policy only applies to the Smaato Websites and the Smaato Ad Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites, developers, or apps that access or use the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services. Likewise, when you access the Smaato Websites, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Policy.
9. Users from Outside the United States
The Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services are provided, supported, and hosted in the United States, and their operation is governed by United States law. If you are using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States and other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Smaato Websites or Smaato Ad Services, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share your information as described in this Policy. Please see Section 11 below, titled “The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” for additional information we provide for the benefit of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK.
10. California Privacy Notice
Please see our California Privacy Notice for California Consumers
here
.
11. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
As of May 25, 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) will be in effect through the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. The GDPR requires Smaato and those using our services to provide users with certain information about the processing of their “Personal Data.” “Personal Data” is a term used under the GDPR that means, generally, data that identifies or can identify a particular unique user or device – for instance, names, addresses, and Mobile IDs. To comply with the GDPR, we provide the below representations and information, which are specific to persons located in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and to the processing of personal data in the context of the activities of Smaato, Inc., Barcastraße 5, 22087 Hamburg, Germany.
a. Legal Grounds for Processing Personal Data
The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we are relying on to process any Personal Data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your Personal Data for the purposes set out in Sections 1 and 2 above (and Section 5 as to the Smaato Websites) will typically be because:
You provided your consent.
In order to store and gain access to information stored on your device, we rely on your consent. For this “cookie consent” (which applies not only to “cookies” but also to Mobile IDs), we rely on mobile app developers and oblige them contractually to pass on only legally obtained data. We do so to fulfill our obligations under the ePrivacy Directive. We may choose to obtain consent in other cases as well, in which case we will adhere to applicable laws relating to such consent and its withdrawal;
The processing is in our legitimate interest.
In some cases, we rely on legitimate interest as a legal basis for processing Personal Data, in order to provide our and/or other data controllers’ services. Such processing goes beyond the original collection of Mobile IDs. A legitimate interest we rely on, for instance, is the tailoring of promotional communications within mobile apps and services, which is beneficial to End Users and is an integral part of the ecosystem by which freely available content is funded through advertising revenue. This also may include providing analysis of and reporting about ad campaigns. We also rely on legitimate interest when we use Personal Data to maintain the security of our services, such as to detect fraud or to ensure that bugs are detected and fixed;
Contractual relationships.
Sometimes, we process certain data as necessary under a contractual relationship we have (such as our customer records and contact information);
Legal obligations.
Finally, some processing of data may be necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations.
b.	Transfers of Personal Data
As Smaato is a global company and works with other global companies and technologies, we may need to transfer your Personal Data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. For instance, we may transfer your data to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, and which may have data protection laws that are less strict in comparison to those in Europe. When we transfer Personal Data outside of the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take steps to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your Personal Data. Your Personal Data will only be transferred to third countries outside the EEA, Switzerland or the UK within the legally permissible framework. We transfer Personal Data to third countries outside the EU/EEA (a) as stipulated by law or based on your consent, (b) based on the adequacy decisions of the European Commission (a public and updated list of these countries can be found here) and (c) by contractual regulations such as the EU Standard Data Protection Clauses (a public and updated list of these clauses can be found here). These safeguards shall ensure an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data and you can access further details regarding these safeguards upon request. Smaato, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Smaato has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
.

Further, Smaato is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Smaato commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your personal information. EU and UK individuals and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. or at the contact information in Section 14 below, titled “Contacting Us,” and we will work with you to resolve your issue. If you are a resident of the EU, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office, or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, we also commit to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to the International Centre for Dispute Resolution, the international division of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR-AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, you may, under certain circumstances, invoke binding arbitration; please notify us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
and/or please visit
https://www.icdr.org/dpf
for more information or to file a complaint. The services of IDCR-AAA are provided at no cost to you.
c.	Personal Data Retention
As a general matter, we retain your Personal Data for only as long as necessary to provide our Smaato Ad Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. We generally render Mobile IDs inactive within 13 months, provided that we may retain them if we have a legal or significant operational need to do so, such as for auditing, corporate record-keeping, compliance accounting, or bug-fixes. If you are a Client of ours and thus have an account with us, we will typically retain your business-to-business Personal Data for a period of 3 years after you have requested that your account be closed, or such account has been inactive.
d.	Your Rights as a Data Subject
The GDPR provides you with certain rights in respect to Personal Data that data controllers hold about you, including certain rights to access Personal Data, to request correction of the Personal Data, to request to restrict or delete Personal Data, and to object to our processing of your Personal Data (including profiling for online ad targeting).
Right to Access:
If you wish to exercise your right to access Personal Data we process as a data controller, you may do so by requesting access through the e-mail address
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
. When we receive your request, we will provide you with current, step-by-step instructions to follow in order to obtain access. We will then assess requests to exercise data access rights on a case-by-case basis; in doing so, we consider the difficulty of verifying whether a mobile identifier and data we have linked to it truly and solely belongs to the data subject making the request, as well as the potential adverse effects on disclosure of personal data to the wrong individual. Because such improper disclosure would likely adversely affect the privacy rights and freedoms of the data subject, we may limit the Personal Data we make available. Please note that we will only grant requests submitted via email for Personal Data for which we are a data controller, as explained further below. Where we act as a data processor for one of our Clients, we will refer your request to that Client. Please identify the Client your request refers to (if possible), to simplify this process.
Right to Correct:
If you wish to exercise your right to correct Personal Data, you may do so by contacting us at the contact information below.
Right to Object to Processing or to Withdraw Consent:
By using the device-based “opt-out” signals described in Section 4(b) above, you may withdraw consent for processing on which we rely on consent. If you do so, we will cease processing your Personal Data for purposes of our services within 30 days or less. We either collect these opt-out signals ourselves or receive them from the mobile apps we work with.
Right to Erasure.
You also have the right to obtain the erasure of Personal Data concerning you that we hold as a data controller. The above opt-out process satisfies this right. When an End User opts-out through device settings, and we receive this signal from our Clients, the Personal Data we use to provide our services will be deleted within 30 days (if you have an Android device) or permanently rendered disconnected to your device (if you have an iOS device). We will also manually delete your Personal Data, subject our identity verification process mentioned above, if you prefer that we do so; please contact us at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
for further instructions on exercising this right manually. Please note, however, that we may retain copies of certain Personal Data on inactive or backup files, for our own internal and necessary purposes, such as auditing, accounting and billing, legal, or bug detection. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill any important purposes that we have in retaining it, principally regarding legal, auditing, accounting, and billing obligations.
Right to Lodge Complaints.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. However, we hope that you will first consult with us, so that we may work with you to resolve any complaint or concern you might have.
e.	Smaato as a Data Controller and a Data Processor
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process Personal Data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process Personal Data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your Personal Data is handled, we encourage you to direct your inquiry to the relevant data controller, since data controllers hold primary responsibility for your Personal Data. Smaato may act as either a data controller or a data processor in handling your Personal Data, depending on the precise circumstances. For instance, for Personal Data that we use internally and independently to operate the Smaato Ad Services, and for Personal Data that we collect about our Clients, we are a data controller. If Smaato is acting as a data Controller, it remains primarily liable where this data is passed to third parties. But when we handle Personal Data strictly on behalf of our Clients or Partners in order to provide our services to them, we are a data processor. Thus, for instance, if you have questions about data that is used primarily by a mobile app on which our technology is embedded – or companies that serve ads that use our technology – you should contact those companies regarding questions about the Personal Data they handle and control.
f.	Contact Details and Controller
This data protection information applies to data processing by the data controller Smaato, Inc. for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, unless otherwise stated in a service-specific data protection notice.
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Or our German office at:
Barcastraße 5, 1st Floor
22087 Hamburg, Germany
E-mail:
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
Our Data Protection Officer:
Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbH
Amerigo-Vespucci-Platz 1
20457 Hamburg
Supervisory Authority
The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information
Ludwig-Erhard-Str 22, 7th floor
20459 Hamburg
Tel.: +49 (040) 42854-4040
E-mail:
mailbox@datenschutz.hamburg.de
*protected email*
12. Our Memberships and Affiliations
To help and foster the protection of consumer privacy, Smaato is an active member or participant of industry associations that govern the policies on consumer privacy in the context of internet-based advertising, including: the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) America and Europe, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Smaato participates in, and complies with the policies and technical specifications of, the IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF). Smaato’s IAB Europe-assigned identification number is Vendor ID #82. Please see Section 4 above, titled “Consumer Control and Opt-Out Options,” for more information about your privacy choices.
13. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy to reflect changes to our privacy practices. The amended Policy will be displayed on the Smaato Websites. Please check our Policy regularly to ensure you have read the latest version and to stay informed of our privacy practices. Your continued access to and use of the Smaato Websites and Smaato Ad Services constitute your acknowledgment of this Policy and any updates.
14. Contacting Us
If you have any general questions regarding this Policy, you may contact us by email at
privacy@smaato.com
*protected email*
or mailing the following address:
Smaato, Inc.
350 Fifth Avenue
Suite 7700
New York, NY 10118
Search
To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies and comparable technologies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes.

Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA.

For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our
Cookie Policy
Reject All
Accept All
Cookies Settings
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Cookie Policy
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Details‎
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 25
https://www.verizon.com/about/privacy/:
Support
Our Company
Our Company
Our Company
News
News
News
Responsibility
Responsibility
Responsibility
Investors
Investors
Investors
Close
Support
end of navigation menu
About
Current:
Privacy Policy Summary
English
Español
We recommend that you view this content online or on your mobile device for a better design and navigation experience and the ability to seamlessly access links and other documents. This version is provided so you can PRINT a version of this content in a single document.
Your privacy is
important to us.
A message from our Chief Privacy Officer.
You have choices about how your information is used.
Our privacy policies explain
how you can make these choices
.
Read up on state law privacy rights.
You can find information about specific state laws in the
state law section of our privacy policy
.
Let's make sure you're in the right place.
Verizon Privacy Policies
The Verizon privacy policy applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers in the United States.
Verizon Privacy Policy Summary
Full Verizon Privacy Policy
California Privacy Rights
Verizon Privacy Dashboard
Fios Privacy Policy
Information for Business Customers
These sections apply when you interact with us or use services we offer to business  customers.  The International Privacy Centre applies to customers outside of the US. The US Data Privacy page applies to customers inside the US.
International Privacy Centre
US Data Privacy
Apps and services
Our apps and services privacy policies apply in addition to our Verizon privacy policy when you use these services.
Hum
Gizmo
Wild and Seek
Care Smart
Advanced Messaging
Replica App
Senion Install
Verizon Family
Subsidiary companies
Separate privacy policies apply for some of our subsidiary companies.
Visible
TracFone
State Privacy Rights
Some state laws provide additional privacy rights to residents.
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Illinois
Iowa
Maine
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Oregon
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Nevada and Washington Health Privacy Notice
Notices
Separate privacy notices apply for additional offerings.
Device Payment Plan Privacy
Automated License Plate Recognition
Here's a summary of our Privacy Policy.
We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections.
Our
Privacy Policy
details the information we collect, how we use and disclose it, and the choices you have about certain uses and disclosures of information we have about you. We’ve summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience.
What information does Verizon collect?
We collect information you provide to us, about your use of our products and services and about your interactions with us. We also collect information about how our network and your devices are working, including the location of your wireless devices. We also obtain information about you from other companies, such as credit, demographic and interest information.
Learn more
How does Verizon use information?
We use information to provide you with services and enhance your experiences with us. This includes delivering and maintaining your products, services, and your account and billing records; developing new products and services; personalizing your experiences; and delivering marketing offers to you.
Learn more
Does Verizon disclose my information?
We disclose information within Verizon, with service providers and with others.
We disclose information within Verizon including with our affiliates; with service providers who perform work on our behalf; and with others as described in this policy including for fraud prevention, directory assistance, legal compliance, credit and collections, caller id, and certain advertising purposes. We also respond to legal requests and may disclose information with your consent.
Learn more
Does Verizon have programs that allow other companies to use information about me?
We have optional programs that allow Verizon and third parties to show you advertisements that are more personalized and useful to you or to help third parties verify your identity. Another program develops insights by analyzing de-identified customer information and reporting on aggregate behaviors.
Learn more
What choices do I have about uses of my information?
You have choices about how Verizon reaches you with marketing and whether certain types of information may be disclosed within Verizon for marketing purposes. You also have choices about whether your information may be used for our advertising and insights programs, for verification purposes, and for certain uses of device information where applicable. You also have a choice about whether our websites and apps may disclose information for certain targeted advertising purposes.
Learn more
How does Verizon protect my information, and how do I update my account details?
We have a variety of safeguards in place to help protect your information against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. You can also access and update information we have about you and delete certain information we have.
Learn more
Do I have specific rights under privacy laws in the United States?
You may have additional rights under the Cable Act and state laws, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Maine, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Texas, Utah, Virginia and Washington privacy laws.
Learn more
How do I learn about changes to this privacy policy?
We periodically update our privacy policy. We provide a brief summary of these updates when we make them. If we change the way we use or disclose information that identifies you in a way that is materially different from what was stated in our privacy policy at the time the information was collected, you will be given an opportunity to update your choices about the new use or disclosure.
View Recent Changes
Related topics
Read
Curious about our responses to government data demands?
Curious about our responses to government data demands?
Our Transparency Report provides information about data requests we receive.
Tips
Discover tips to keep your account secure.
Discover tips to keep your account secure.
Protect yourself from frauds and scams.
Read
Looking for support parenting in a digital world?
Looking for support parenting in a digital world?
Navigate tips and advice for your connected family.
Contact us with any questions or concerns related to privacy.
Write
Verizon Privacy Office
1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East
Washington, DC 20005
Online
Submit a
privacy inquiry form
Manage Cookies
By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Policy
Cookies Settings
Disable All
Accept All
Privacy Preference Center
When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Details‎
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. We use both third party and first party cookies for this purpose.  All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Details‎
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Details‎
Targeting Cookie
These cookies may be set through our site by Verizon and third parties. They are used to present Verizon advertising on third party sites that you may visit. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising from Verizon.
Social Media Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
Cookies Details‎
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Sub-policy 26
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 27
https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/:
Choose another country or region to see content specific to your location and shop online.
Ireland
Ireland
Other country or region
Continue
Apple
Store
Shop the Latest
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
Accessories
Find a Store
Order Status
Apple Trade In
Financing
Personal Setup
Certified Refurbished
Education
Business
Veterans and Military
Government
Mac
Explore All Mac
MacBook Air
MacBook Pro
iMac
Mac mini
Mac Studio
Mac Pro
Displays
Compare Mac
Switch from PC to Mac
Shop Mac
Help Me Choose
Mac Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Mac Support
AppleCare+ for Mac
macOS Sequoia
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
Continuity
iCloud+
Mac for Business
Education
iPad
Explore All iPad
iPad Pro
iPad Air
iPad
iPad mini
Apple Pencil
Keyboards
Compare iPad
Why iPad
Shop iPad
iPad Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
iPad Support
AppleCare+ for iPad
iPadOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iCloud+
Education
iPhone
Explore All iPhone
iPhone 16 Pro
iPhone 16
iPhone 16e
iPhone 15
Compare iPhone
Switch from Android
Shop iPhone
iPhone Accessories
Apple Trade In
Carrier Deals at Apple
Financing
iPhone Support
AppleCare+ for iPhone
iOS 18
Apple Intelligence
Apps by Apple
iPhone Privacy
iCloud+
Wallet, Pay, Card
Siri
Watch
Explore All Apple Watch
Apple Watch Series 10
Apple Watch Ultra 2
Apple Watch SE
Apple Watch Nike
Apple Watch Hermès
Compare Watch
Why Apple Watch
Shop Apple Watch
Apple Watch Studio
Apple Watch Bands
Apple Watch Accessories
Apple Trade In
Financing
Apple Watch Support
AppleCare+
watchOS 11
Apple Watch For Your Kids
Apps by Apple
Apple Fitness+
Vision
Explore Apple Vision Pro
Guided Tour
Tech Specs
Shop Apple Vision Pro
Apple Vision Pro Accessories
Book a Demo
Financing
Apple Vision Pro Support
AppleCare+
visionOS 2
AirPods
Explore All AirPods
AirPods 4
AirPods Pro 2
AirPods Max
Compare AirPods
Shop AirPods
AirPods Accessories
AirPods Support
AppleCare+ for Headphones
Hearing Health
Apple Music
TV & Home
Explore TV & Home
Apple TV 4K
HomePod
HomePod mini
Shop Apple TV 4K
Shop HomePod
Shop HomePod mini
Shop Siri Remote
TV & Home Accessories
Apple TV Support
HomePod Support
AppleCare+
Apple TV app
Apple TV+
Home app
Apple Music
Siri
AirPlay
Entertainment
Explore Entertainment
Apple One
Apple TV+
Apple Music
Apple Arcade
Apple Fitness+
Apple News+
Apple Podcasts
Apple Books
App Store
Apple TV+ Support
Apple Music Support
Accessories
Shop All Accessories
Mac
iPad
iPhone
Apple Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
TV & Home
Made by Apple
Beats by Dr. Dre
AirTag
Support
iPhone
Mac
iPad
Watch
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Music
TV
Explore Support
Community
Check Coverage
Repair
Get AppleCare+
Apple Account and Password
Billing & Subscriptions
Accessibility
Find a Store
Apple Vision Pro
AirPods
Apple Intelligence
Apple Trade In
0
+
Privacy
Local Nav Open Menu
Local Nav Close Menu
Overview
Features
Control
Labels
Transparency Report
Privacy Policy
English
Choose your preferred language
At Apple, we believe strongly in fundamental privacy rights — and that those fundamental rights should not differ depending on where you live in the world.
That’s why we treat any data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual or that is linked or linkable to them by Apple as “personal data,” no matter where the individual lives.
This means that data that directly identifies you — such as your name — is personal data, and also data that does not directly identify you, but that can reasonably be used to identify you — such as the serial number of your device — is personal data. Aggregated data is considered non‑personal data for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers how
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
(collectively, “Apple”) handles personal data whether you interact with us on our websites, through Apple apps (such as Apple Music or Wallet), or in person (including by phone or when visiting an Apple Store). Apple may also link to third parties on our services or make third-party apps available for download in our App Store. Apple’s Privacy Policy does not apply to how third parties define personal data or how they use it. We encourage you to read their privacy policies and know your privacy rights before interacting with them.
At Apple, we respect your ability to know, access, correct, transfer, restrict the processing of, and delete your personal data. We have provided these rights to our global customer base and if you choose to exercise these privacy rights, you have the right not to be treated in a discriminatory way nor to receive a lesser degree of service from Apple. Where you are requested to consent to the processing of your personal data by Apple, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
To exercise your privacy rights and choices, including where a third-party service provider is acting on Apple’s behalf, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
for Apple or
shazam.com/privacy
for Shazam.
To help protect the security of your personal data, you must sign in to your account and your identity will be verified. If you want to obtain a copy of personal data that is not currently available from
privacy.apple.com
, you can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable regulator.
There may be situations where we cannot grant your request — for example, if you ask us to delete your transaction data and Apple is legally obligated to keep a record of that transaction to comply with law. We may also decline to grant a request where doing so would undermine our legitimate use of data for anti-fraud and security purposes, such as when you request deletion of an account that is being investigated for security concerns. Other reasons your privacy request may be denied are if it jeopardizes the privacy of others, is frivolous or vexatious, or would be extremely impractical or unreasonable.
If you live in California and you cannot access Apple’s Data and Privacy page,
you or your authorized agent can make a request at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
For more information on exercising your rights, visit
support.apple.com/102283
.
At Apple, we believe that you can have great products and great privacy. This means that we strive to
collect only the personal data that we need
. The personal data Apple collects depends on how you interact with Apple. Descriptions of how Apple handles personal data for certain individual services are available at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
When you create an Apple Account, apply for commercial credit, purchase and/or activate a product or device, download a software update, register for a class at an Apple Store, connect to our services, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Apple, we may collect a variety of information, including:
Account Information.
Your Apple Account and related account details, including email address, devices registered, account status, and age
Device Information.
Data from which your device could be identified, such as device serial number, or about your device, such as browser type
Contact Information
. Data such as name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other contact information
Payment Information. Data about your billing address and method of payment, such as bank details, credit, debit, or other payment card information
Transaction Information.
Data about purchases of Apple products and services or transactions facilitated by Apple, including purchases on Apple platforms
Fraud Prevention Information.
Data used to help identify and prevent fraud, including a device trust score
Usage Data.
Data about your activity on and use of our offerings, such as app launches within our services, including browsing history; search history; product interaction; crash data, performance and other diagnostic data; and other usage data
Location Information
. Precise location only to support services such as Find My or where you agree for region-specific services, and coarse location
Health Information.
Data relating to the health status of an individual, including data related to one’s physical or mental health or condition. Personal health data also includes data that can be used to make inferences about or detect the health status of an individual. If you participate in a study using an Apple Health Research Study app, the policy governing the privacy of your personal data is described in the
Apple Health Study Apps Privacy Policy
.
Fitness Information.
Details relating to your fitness and exercise information where you choose to share them
Financial Information.
Details including salary, income, and assets information where collected, and information related to Apple-branded financial offerings
Government ID Data.
In certain jurisdictions, we may ask for a government-issued ID in limited circumstances, including when setting up a wireless account and activating your device, for the purpose of extending commercial credit, managing reservations, or as required by law
Other Information You Provide to Us.
Details such as the content of your communications with Apple, including interactions with customer support and contacts through social media channels
You are not required to provide the personal data that we have requested. However, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to requests you may have.
Apple may receive personal data about you from other
individuals
, from businesses or third parties acting
at your direction
, from our
partners
who work with us to provide our products and services and assist us in security and fraud prevention, and from other
lawful sources.
Individuals.
Apple may collect data about you from other individuals — for example, if that individual has sent you a product or gift card, invited you to participate in an Apple service or forum, or shared content with you.
At Your Direction.
You may direct other individuals or third parties to share data with Apple. For example, you may direct your mobile carrier to share data about your carrier account with Apple for account activation, or for your loyalty program to share information about your participation so that you can earn rewards for Apple purchases.
Apple Partners.
We may also validate the information you provide — for example, when creating an Apple Account, with a third party for security, and for fraud-prevention purposes.
To power features such as search and as a source for our foundational AI models, Apple uses Applebot, a web crawler, to crawl information that is publicly available on the internet. We have measures in place to reduce the amount of personal data we collect and make no attempt to connect data crawled to any individual Apple user, or to build profiles about individuals. Your private personal data is not used to train our foundational AI models. To exercise your right as an individual to opt out of processing, visit the
Apple Intelligence Privacy Inquiries form
. For more information about Applebot, visit
support.apple.com/120320
.
For research and development purposes, we may use datasets such as those that contain images, voices, or other data that could be associated with an identifiable person. When acquiring such datasets, we do so in accordance with applicable law, including law in the jurisdiction in which the dataset is hosted. When using such datasets for research and development, we do not attempt to reidentify individuals who may appear therein.
Apple uses personal data to power our services, to process your transactions, to communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also use personal data for other purposes with your consent.
Apple uses your personal data only when we have a valid legal basis to do so.
Depending on the circumstance, Apple may rely on your consent or the fact that the processing is necessary to fulfill a contract with you, protect your vital interests or those of other persons, or to comply with law. We may also process your personal data where we believe it is in our or others’ legitimate interests, taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations. More information is available in the product-specific information embedded in our products and features as described above. If you have questions about the legal basis, you can contact the Data Protection Officer at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Power Our Services.
Apple collects personal data necessary to power our services, which may include personal data collected to improve our offerings, for internal purposes such as auditing or data analysis, or for troubleshooting. For example, if you would like to access a song through an Apple Music subscription, we collect data on what songs you play in order to provide you with the content requested and for royalty purposes.
Process Your Transactions.
To process transactions, Apple must collect data such as your name, purchase, and payment information.
Communicate with You.
To respond to communications, reach out to you about your transactions or account, market our products and services, provide other relevant information, or request information or feedback. From time to time, we may use your personal data to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with Apple, you may not opt out of receiving these important notices.
Security and Fraud Prevention.
To protect individuals, employees, and Apple and for loss prevention and to prevent fraud, including to protect individuals, employees, and Apple for the benefit of all our users, and prescreening or scanning uploaded content for potentially illegal content, including child sexual exploitation material.
Personal Data Used for Personalization.
If you choose to personalize your services or communications where such options are available, Apple will use information that we collect so that we can offer you those personalized services or communications. You can learn more about how relevant services use information to personalize your experience by reviewing the privacy information presented when you first use a service that asks to use your personal data. We make this information easy to find by presenting it with our Data & Privacy icon; it’s also available at all times on your Apple device and online at
apple.com/legal/privacy/data
.
Comply with Law.
To comply with applicable law — for example, to satisfy tax or reporting obligations, or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
Apple does not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review. Apple also does not use or disclose sensitive personal data for any purposes that would require a user to exercise a right to limit processing according to California law.
Apple retains personal data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, including as described in this Privacy Policy or in our service-specific privacy notices, or as required by law. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and our service-specific privacy notices. When assessing retention periods, we first carefully examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal data collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal data for the shortest possible period permissible under law.
Apple may share personal data with
Apple-affiliated companies
,
service providers
who act on our behalf, our
partners
,
developers, and publishers
, or others
at your direction
. Further, Apple does not share personal data with third parties for their own marketing purposes.
Service Providers.
Apple may engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as processing or storing data, including personal data, in connection with your use of our services and delivering products to customers. Apple service providers are obligated to handle personal data consistent with this Privacy Policy and according to our instructions. They cannot use the personal data we share for their own purposes and must delete or return the personal data once they’ve fulfilled our request.
Partners.
At times, Apple may partner with third parties to provide services or other offerings. For example, Apple financial offerings like Apple Card and Apple Cash are offered by Apple and our partners. Apple requires its partners to protect your personal data.
Developers and Publishers from Whom You Get a Subscription.
If you purchase a third-party subscription from the App Store or within Apple News, we create a Subscriber ID that is unique to you and the developer or publisher. The Subscriber ID may be used to provide reports to the developer or publisher, which include information about the subscription you purchased and your country of residence. If you cancel all of your subscriptions from a particular developer or publisher, the Subscriber ID will reset after 180 days if you do not resubscribe. This information is provided to developers or publishers so that they can understand the performance of their subscriptions.
Others.
Apple may share personal data with others at your direction or with your consent, such as when we share information with your carrier to activate your account. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. We may also disclose information about you where there is a lawful basis for doing so, if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our operations or users, or in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale.
Apple does not sell your personal data including as “sale” is defined in Nevada and California. Apple also does not “share” your personal data as that term is defined in California.
At Apple, we believe that great privacy rests on great security. We use
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards
to protect your personal data, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the processing, and the threats posed. We are constantly working to improve on these safeguards to help keep your personal data secure. For more information, visit our
Apple Platform Security
guide.
Apple understands the importance of safeguarding the personal data of children, which we consider to be an
individual under the age of 13 or the equivalent age as specified by law in your jurisdiction
. That is why Apple has implemented additional processes and protections to help keep children’s personal data safe.
To access certain Apple services, a child must have a child Apple Account. A child Apple Account may be created by the
parent
or, in the case of a Managed Apple Account, by the
child’s educational institution
.
Parents.
To create a child account, parents must review the
Family Privacy Disclosure for Children
, which describes how Apple handles children’s personal data. If they agree, the parent must provide Apple with a verifiable parental consent.
Educational Institutions.
Educational institutions that participate in the Apple School Manager Program may also create Apple IDs for students, called “Managed Apple IDs.” These schools are required to agree to the
Managed Apple IDs for Students Disclosure
which is included as Exhibit A to the Apple School Manager Agreement.
If we learn that a child’s personal data was collected without appropriate authorization, it will be deleted as soon as possible.
To exercise privacy rights for your child’s information, visit the Apple Data and Privacy page at
privacy.apple.com
and sign in to their account.
Apple’s websites, online services, interactive applications, and advertisements may use
“cookies” and other technologies
such as web beacons.
These technologies help us to better understand user behavior including for security and fraud prevention purposes, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches.
Communications Cookies.
These cookies are used to enable network traffic to and from Apple’s systems, including by helping us detect any errors.
Strictly Necessary Cookies.
These cookies are set as required to provide a specific feature or service that you have accessed or requested. For example, they allow us to display our websites in the proper format and language, to authenticate and verify your transactions, and to preserve the contents of your Bag when shopping online at
apple.com
.
Other Cookies.
These cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with our websites and online services, including by helping us to assess the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Apple also uses these cookies to remember choices you make while browsing, so we can provide you with a customized experience.
If you prefer that Apple not use cookies, we provide you with the means to disable their use. If you want to disable cookies and you’re using the Safari web browser, choose “Block all cookies” in Safari’s privacy settings. If you are using a different browser, check with your provider to find out how to disable cookies. Certain features of the Apple website may not be available if all cookies are disabled.
In addition to cookies, Apple uses other technologies that help us achieve similar objectives.
In some email messages Apple sends to you, we provide a “click-through URL” that links you to content on the Apple website. When you click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure whether we are communicating with you effectively. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click graphic or text links in email messages.
Apple generally treats data we collect using these cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.
However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal data by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal data in those regions. In addition, Apple sometimes combines non-personal data collected from these technologies with other personal data Apple holds. When we combine data in this way, we treat the combined data as personal data for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Ads that are delivered by Apple’s advertising platform may appear on the App Store, Apple News, Stocks, and Apple TV app depending on your location. Apple’s advertising platform does not track you, meaning that it does not link user or device data collected from our apps with user or device data collected from third parties for targeted advertising or advertising measurement purposes, and does not share user or device data with data brokers.
If you do not want to receive ads targeted to your interests from Apple's advertising platform in those apps, you can choose to disable Personalized Ads, which will opt your Apple Account out of receiving such ads regardless of what device you are using. On your iOS, iPadOS, or visionOS device, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to Settings > Privacy & Security > Apple Advertising and tapping to turn off Personalized Ads. On your Mac, you can disable Personalized Ads by going to System Settings > Privacy & Security > Privacy > Advertising, then deselecting Personalized Ads. You may still see ads in the App Store, Apple News, or Stocks based on context like your search query or the channel you are reading. If you disable Allow Apps to Request to Track, third-party apps cannot request to use the Advertising Identifier, a non-personal identifier served by the operating system on your device, to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies.
For more information about Apple-delivered advertising and privacy, visit
apple.com/legal/privacy/data/ww/apple-advertising
.
Apple products and offerings connect you to the world. To make that possible,
your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world,
including Apple-affiliated companies, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Privacy Policy in connection with your use of our products and services. Apple complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be.
The Apple entity that controls your personal data may differ depending on where you live.
For example, Apple Store information is controlled by individual retail entities in each country and Apple Media Services-related personal data may be controlled by various Apple entities as reflected in the terms of service. If you do not reside in the U.S., your personal data may be processed by Apple Inc. and other Apple-affiliated companies on behalf of the Apple entity controlling personal data for your jurisdiction. For example, Imagery and associated data collected by Apple around the world to improve Apple Maps and to support our Look Around feature is transferred to Apple Inc. in California.
Personal data relating to individuals in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is controlled by Apple Distribution International Limited in Ireland. Apple’s international transfer of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland is governed by
Standard Contractual Clauses
. If you have questions or would like a copy of Apple’s Standard Contractual Clauses, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
.
Personal data collected by
Apple or an Apple-affiliated company
worldwide is generally stored by Apple Inc. in the United States. Regardless of where your personal data is stored, Apple maintains the same high level of protection and safeguarding measures.
Apple’s privacy practices, as described in this Privacy Policy, comply with the Global Cross-Border Privacy Rules (CBPRs) System and the Global Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System. For more information about the Global CBPR and PRP Systems, visit
Global CBPR Forum
. To view our certifications, visit
CBPR System Compliance Directory
. For more information about the scope of our participation, or to submit a privacy inquiry through
BBB National Programs
, our Accountability Agent, visit:
Cross-Border Privacy Rules Program
Privacy Recognition for Processors Program
Personal data relating to individuals in the People’s Republic of China may be processed by Apple in countries outside of the People’s Republic of China, such as Apple Inc. in the United States or Apple Distribution International Limited in the Republic of Ireland. Where this occurs, it will be done in compliance with local laws, including the Personal Information Protection Law. For the purposes of processing set out in this Privacy Policy, Apple may also transfer such personal data to third-party service providers, who may in turn store or transfer the data outside of the People’s Republic of China. For more information, visit
China Mainland Privacy Disclosures
.
To make sure your personal data is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Apple employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company.
If you have questions about Apple’s Privacy Policy or privacy practices including where a third-party service provider is acting on our behalf, or you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can contact us at
apple.com/legal/privacy/contact
or call the
Apple Support number
for your country or region.
You can also ask us questions about how to submit a privacy complaint and we will endeavor to help.
Apple takes your privacy questions seriously. A dedicated team reviews your inquiry to determine how best to respond to your question or concern, including those inquiries received in response to an access or download request. In most cases, all substantive contacts receive a response within seven days. In other cases, we may require additional information or let you know that we need more time to respond.
Where your complaint indicates an improvement could be made in our handling of privacy issues, we will take steps to make such an update at the next reasonable opportunity. In the event that a privacy issue has resulted in a negative impact on you or another person, we will take steps to address that with you or that other person.
You may at any time — including if you are not satisfied with Apple’s response — refer your complaint to the applicable regulator. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.
When there is a material change to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post a notice on this website at least a week in advance of doing so and contact you directly about the change if we have your data on file.
View our CBPR certification
View our PRP certification
Sub-policy 28
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy:
Notice
You must log in to continue.
Log Into Facebook
You must log in to continue.
Log In
Forgot account?
·
Sign up for Facebook
English (US)
Gaeilge
Polski
Lietuvių
Português (Brasil)
Русский
Română
Español
Français (France)
Deutsch
Italiano
Meta © 2025
Allow the use of cookies from Facebook on this browser?
We use cookies and similar technologies to help provide and improve content on
Meta Products
. We also use them to provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and to provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account.
Essential cookies: These cookies are required to use Meta Products and are necessary for our sites to work as intended.
Cookies from other companies: We use these cookies to show you ads off of Meta Products and to provide features like maps and videos on Meta Products. These cookies are optional.
You have control over the optional cookies we use. Learn more about cookies and how we use them, and review or change your choices at any time in our
Cookies Policy
.
About cookies
What are cookies?
Learn more
Why do we use cookies?
Learn more
What are Meta Products?
Learn more
Your cookie choices
Learn more
Cookies from other companies
We use cookies from
other companies
in order to show you ads off of our Products, and provide features like maps, payment services and video.
Choose cookies by category
How we use these cookies
If you allow these cookies
If you don't allow these cookies
Other ways you can control your information
Manage your ad experience in Accounts Center
More information about online advertising
Controlling cookies with browser settings
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Allow all cookies
Decline optional cookies
Sub-policy 29
https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy:
Skip to main content
firebase.google.com uses cookies from Google to deliver and enhance the quality of its services and to analyze traffic.
Learn more
.
OK, got it
Build
More
Run
More
Solutions
Pricing
Docs
More
Community
More
Support
Go to console
Developer Support
Contact Support
Scope of no-cost support
Support Guides
Overview
FAQ
Security checklist
Launch checklist
Firebase-related service accounts
Troubleshoot initialization options
Enable the AdSupport framework
Dynamic Links deprecation
Deprecation FAQ
Export Dynamic Links metadata
Migrate to App Links & Universal Links
Migrate from Parse
Android
iOS+
Cloud Audit Logs
Firebase Management
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase App Check
Firebase Security Rules
Firebase Realtime Database
Android Device Streaming
Recent Changes and Updates
Release Notes
iOS Release Notes
Android Release Notes
JavaScript Release Notes
Flutter Release Notes
C++ Release Notes
Unity Release Notes
Admin Node.
js Release Notes
Admin Java Release Notes
Admin Python Release Notes
Admin Go Release Notes
Admin .
NET Release Notes
Security Rules Release Notes
Firebase CLI Release Notes
Policies for changes and versioning
Overview
Introducing and communicating changes
Versioning and maintenance
Legal Information
Terms of Service
Paid Services Terms
Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase: Standard Contractual Clauses
Service Level Agreement for Hosting and Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase Service Level Agreement
Firebase App Indexing User Data Policy
Crashlytics and App Distribution Terms
Firebase Subprocessors
Privacy and Security Information
Privacy and Security in Firebase
Designate Data Protection Officers and EU Representatives
Firebase Data Privacy Inquiries
Manage Instance ID data
Clear and export users' data
Storing privacy settings with Firebase
Build
Go to Build
Build Products
App Check
App Hosting
Authentication
Cloud Functions
Cloud Storage
Data Connect
Extensions
Firebase ML
Firestore
Genkit
Hosting
Realtime Database
Vertex AI in Firebase
Generative AI
Run
Go to Run
Run Products
A/B Testing
App Distribution
Cloud Messaging
Crashlytics
Google Analytics
In-App Messaging
Performance Monitoring
Remote Config
Test Lab
Overview
Fundamentals
Build
Run
Reference
Samples
Learn
Events
Stories
Firebase
Support
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Privacy and Security in Firebase
bookmark_border
bookmark
Stay organized with collections
Save and categorize content based on your preferences.
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
This page outlines Firebase's key security and privacy information. Whether
you're looking to kick off a new project with Firebase, or curious about how
Firebase works with your existing project, read on to see how Firebase can help
protect you and your users.
Last modified: February 20, 2025
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
On May 25th, 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) replaced the
1995 EU Data Protection Directive. On January 1, 2020, the California Consumer
Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect. On January 1, 2023, the California Privacy
Rights Act (CPRA), which is a data privacy law that amends and expands upon the
CCPA, took effect. Google is committed to helping our customers succeed under
these privacy regulations, whether they are large software companies or
independent developers.
The GDPR imposes obligations on data controllers and data processors, and the
CCPA/CPRA imposes obligations on businesses and their service providers.
Firebase customers typically act as the "data controller" (GDPR) or "business"
(CCPA/CPRA) for any personal data or information about their end-users they
provide to Google in connection with their use of Firebase, and Google generally
operates as a "data processor" (GDPR) or "service provider" (CCPA/CPRA).
This means that data is under the customer's control. Customers are
responsible for obligations like fulfilling an individual's rights with respect
to their personal data or information.
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
When customers use Firebase, Google is generally a data processor under GDPR and
processes personal data on their behalf. Similarly, when customers use Firebase,
Google generally operates as a service provider under the CCPA/CPRA handling
personal information on their behalf. Firebase terms include
Data Processing
and Security Terms
detailing these
responsibilities.
Certain Firebase services governed by the
Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Terms of Service
are already covered by associated data processing terms, the
Cloud Data Processing Addendum
.
A complete list of Firebase services currently governed by the GCP Terms of
Service is available in the
Terms of Service for Firebase Services
.
Google Analytics is a separate service that can be used together with Firebase,
and is subject to separate
terms
.
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
ISO and SOC compliance
All Firebase services (aside from App Indexing) have successfully completed the
ISO
27001
and
SOC
1
,
SOC
2
,
and
SOC 3
evaluation
process, and some have also completed the
ISO
27017
and
ISO
27018
certification
process. Compliance reports and certificates for Firebase services governed by
the GCP Terms of Service may be requested via the
Compliance Reports
Manager
.
Service name
ISO 27001
ISO 27017
ISO 27018
SOC 1
SOC 2
SOC 3
Cloud Firestore
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Functions for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Cloud Storage for Firebase
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase A/B Testing
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Check
check
check
check
check
Firebase App Distribution
check
check
check
check
Firebase Authentication
check
check
check
check
check
check
Firebase Cloud Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase Crashlytics
check
check
check
check
Firebase Dynamic Links
check
check
check
check
Firebase Hosting
check
check
check
check
Firebase In-App Messaging
check
check
check
check
Firebase ML
check
check
check
check
Firebase Performance Monitoring
check
check
check
check
Firebase Platform
check
check
check
check
Firebase Realtime Database
check
check
check
check
Firebase Remote Config
check
check
check
check
Firebase Test Lab
check
check
check
check
check
check
Gemini in Firebase
check
check
check
check
Vertex AI in Firebase
check
check
check
check
International Data Transfers
As described in our
Data Privacy Framework
certification
,
we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks (DPF) and the
UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF as set forth by the US Department of Commerce
regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the
EEA, Switzerland and the UK, respectively. Google LLC (and its wholly-owned US
subsidiaries unless explicitly excluded) has certified that it adheres to the
DPF Principles. Google remains responsible for any of your personal information
that is shared under the Onward Transfer Principle with third parties for
external processing on our behalf, as described in the
"Sharing your
information" section of our Privacy
Policy
. To learn more about
the DPF, and to view Google's certification, please visit the
DPF
website
.
If you have an inquiry regarding our privacy practices in relation to our DPF
certification, we encourage you to
contact
us
. Google is
subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade
Commission. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection
authority and we will work with them to resolve your concern. In certain
circumstances, the DPF provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to
resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in
Annex I to the
DPF
Principles
.
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Some Firebase services process your end users' data to provide their service.
The chart below has examples of how various Firebase services use and handle
end-user data that may potentially be identifying. In addition, many Firebase
services offer the ability to request deletion of specific data or control how
data is handled.
Firebase service
End-user data
How data helps provide the service
Cloud Functions for Firebase
IP addresses
How it helps:
Cloud Functions uses IP addresses to
            execute event-handling functions and HTTP functions based on end-user actions.
Retention:
Cloud functions only saves IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase App Check
Attestation material from supported attestation providers
App Check tokens from successful attestations
How it helps:
Firebase App Check uses attestation
            material required by the corresponding attestation provider and
            received from end-user's devices to help establish the integrity of
            the device and/or the app. Attestation materials are sent to the
            corresponding attestation provider for validation based on the
            developer's configuration. App Check tokens obtained from successful
            attestations are sent with every request to supported Firebase
            services to access resources protected by App Check.
Retention:
Attestation material is not retained by
            App Check, but when it is sent to attestation providers, it is
            subject to the terms of those attestation providers. App Check
            tokens returned from successful attestations are valid throughout
            their TTL duration, which cannot be longer than 7 days. For
            developers who use replay protection features, App Check stores the
            App Check tokens used with these features for at most 30 days. Other
            App Check tokens not used with replay protection features are not
            retained by Firebase services.
Firebase App Distribution
Users' names
Email addresses
iOS UDIDs
Secure Android IDs
Firebase
installation IDs
Tester feedback (screenshots and text)
How it helps:
Firebase App Distribution uses the data to distribute
            app builds to testers, monitor tester activity, enable tester features like in-app
            feedback, and associate data with tester devices.
Retention:
Firebase App Distribution retains user information
            until the Firebase customer requests its deletion, after which data is removed from live
            and backup systems within 180 days.
Firebase Authentication
Passwords
Email addresses
Phone numbers
User agents
IP addresses
How it helps:
Firebase Authentication uses the data to enable end-user
            authentication, and facilitate end-user account management. It also uses user-agent
            strings and IP addresses to provide added security and prevent abuse during sign-up and
            authentication.
Retention:
Firebase Authentication keeps logged IP addresses for a few
            weeks. It retains other authentication information until the Firebase customer initiates
            deletion of the associated user, after which data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase Cloud Messaging uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase Crashlytics
Crashlytics Installation UUIDs
Firebase installations ID
Crash traces
Breakpad minidump formatted data
(NDK crashes only)
How it helps:
Firebase Crashlytics uses crash stack
            traces to associate crashes with a project, send email alerts to
            project members and display them in the Firebase Console, and help
            Firebase customers debug crashes. It uses Crashlytics Installation
            UUIDs to measure the number of users impacted by a crash and
            minidump data to process NDK crashes. The minidump data is stored
            while the crash session is being processed and then discarded. The
            Firebase installation ID enables upcoming features that will enhance
            crash reporting and crash management services. Refer to
Examples of stored device information
for more detail on the types of user information gathered.
Retention:
Firebase Crashlytics keeps crash stack traces,
            extracted minidump data, and associated identifiers (including
            Crashlytics Installation UUIDs and Firebase installation IDs) for 90 days before
            starting the process of removing it from live and backup systems.
Note:
Firebase Crashlytics stores minidump data only temporarily in order to
            process NDK crashes.
Firebase Dynamic Links
Device specs (iOS)
IP Addresses (iOS)
How it helps:
Dynamic Links uses device specs and IP addresses on iOS to open
            newly-installed apps to a specific page or context.
Retention:
Dynamic Links only stores device specs and IP addresses temporarily, to
            provide the service.
Firebase Hosting
IP addresses
How it helps:
Hosting uses IP addresses of incoming requests to detect
            abuse and provide customers with detailed analysis of usage data.
Retention:
Hosting retains IP data for a few months.
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Firebase In-App Messaging
uses
Firebase
installation IDs to determine which devices to deliver messages to.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs
            until the Firebase customer
            makes an API call to delete the ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup
            systems within 180 days.
Firebase ML
Uploaded Images
installation auth tokens
How it helps:
The Cloud based APIs store uploaded images temporarily,
            to process and return the analysis to you. Stored images are typically deleted within a
            few hours. See the Cloud Vision
Data Usage FAQ
for more
            information.
installation auth tokens
are used by
Firebase ML
for device authentication when interacting with app
            instances, for example, to distribute developer models to app instances.
Retention:
installation auth tokens remain valid until their
            expiration date. The default token lifetime is one week.
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Firebase
installation IDs
IP addresses
How it helps:
Performance Monitoring
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to calculate the number of unique Firebase installations that access network resources,
            to ensure that access patterns are sufficiently anonymous. It also uses
Firebase
installation IDs with
Firebase Remote Config
to manage the rate of performance event reporting. Additionally, it uses IP
            addresses to map performance events to the countries they originate from. For more
            information, see
Data collection
.
Retention:
Performance Monitoring
keeps IP-associated
            events for 30 days, and it keeps installation-associated and de-identified performance
            data for 60 days before starting the process of removing it from live and backup
            systems.
Firebase Realtime Database
IP addresses
User agents
How it helps:
Realtime Database uses IP addresses and user agents to
            enable the
profiler
            tool
, which helps Firebase customers understand usage trends and platform
            breakdowns.
Retention:
Realtime Database keeps IP addresses and user agent
            information for a few days, unless a customer chooses to save it for longer.
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase
installation IDs
How it helps:
Remote Config
uses
Firebase
installation IDs
            to select configuration
            values to return to end-user devices.
Retention:
Firebase retains
Firebase
installation IDs until the Firebase customer makes an API call to delete the
          ID. After the call, data is removed from live and backup systems within 180 days.
Vertex AI in Firebase
Customer's inputs and outputs data sent and received from the AI model
How it helps:
Vertex AI in Firebase
uses Vertex AI's Generative AI
            API to predict content.
Retention:
During prediction, Google doesn't log Customer Data to
            generate a customer's output or train foundation models. By default, Google caches a
            customer's inputs and outputs for the Gemini models to accelerate responses to
            subsequent prompts from the customer.
See more details at
Generative
              AI and Data Governance | Generative AI on Vertex AI | Google Cloud
.
Examples of information collected by Crashlytics
An RFC-4122 UUID which permits us to deduplicate crashes
The Crashlytics Installation UUID
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
The timestamp of when the crash occurred
The app's bundle identifier and full version number
The device's operating system name and version number
A boolean indicating whether the device was jailbroken/rooted
The device's model name, CPU architecture, amount of RAM and disk
      space
The uint64 instruction pointer of every frame of every currently running
      thread
If available in the runtime, the plain-text method or function name
      containing each instruction pointer.
If an exception was thrown, the plain-text class name and message value
      of the exception
If a fatal signal was raised, its name and integer code
For each binary image loaded into the application, its name, UUID, byte
      size, and the uint64 base address at which it was loaded into RAM
A boolean indicating whether or not the app was in the background at the
      time it crashed
An integer value indicating the rotation of the screen at the time of
      crash
A boolean indicating whether the device's proximity sensor was
      triggered
The contents of
version-control-info.textproto
(only for Android apps
configured
        to use the version control system (VCS) integration
)
Examples of information collected by Performance Monitoring
The Firebase installations ID (FID)
The Firebase session ID, which is a random UUID generated to tag events
      with a session
General device information, such as model, OS, and orientation
RAM and disk size
CPU usage
Carrier (based on Mobile Country and Network Code)
Radio/Network information (for example, WiFi, LTE, 3G)
Country (based on IP address)
Locale/language
App version
App foreground or background state
App package name
Firebase
installation IDs
Duration times for automated traces
Network URLs (not including URL parameters or payload content)
      and the following corresponding information:
Response codes (for example, 403, 200)
Payload size in bytes
Response times
See a
full list
of the
    automatic traces collected by
Performance Monitoring
.
Note:
For more info on deleting data associated with installations, see
Delete a Firebase installation
.
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Services in the table above need some amount of end-user data to function. As a
result, it's not possible to entirely disable data collection while using those
services.
If you're a customer who would like to offer users a chance to opt-in to a
service, and the data collection that comes with it, in most cases that just
requires adding a dialog or settings toggle before using the service.
Some services, however, start up automatically when included in an app. To give
users a chance to opt-in before using those services, you can choose to disable
auto-initialization for each service, and manually initialize them at run time
instead. To find out how, read the guides below:
Cloud Messaging
:
Prevent Auto-initialization (Android)
or
Prevent Auto-initialization (iOS+)
Crashlytics
:
Enable Opt-in Reporting (iOS+)
or
Enable Opt-in Reporting (Android)
Performance Monitoring
:
Enable Opt-in Monitoring
If you integrate Firebase with Google Analytics, learn how to
configure Analytics data collection
.
Data storage and processing locations
Unless a service or feature offers data location selection, Firebase may process
and store your data anywhere Google or its agents maintain facilities. Potential
facility locations vary by service.
US-only services
The
Firebase Authentication
service is run only from US data centers. As a result,
Firebase Authentication
processes data exclusively in the United States.
Global services
The majority of Firebase services run on global Google infrastructure.
They could process data at any of the
Google Cloud Platform locations
or
Google data center locations
.
For some services, you can make a specific data location selection, which
restricts processing to that location (for more information, see the
service specific terms
of the Google Cloud Platform Terms of Service).
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase ML
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Dynamic Links
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Hosting
Firebase Remote Config
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Firebase In-App Messaging
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Security information
Data encryption
Firebase services encrypt data in transit using HTTPS and logically isolate
customer data.
In addition, several Firebase services also encrypt their data at rest:
Cloud Firestore
Firebase Authentication
Firebase Performance Monitoring
Cloud Functions for Firebase
Firebase Cloud Messaging
Firebase Realtime Database
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Firebase Crashlytics
Firebase Test Lab
Firebase App Check
Firebase App Distribution
Security practices
To keep personal data safe, Firebase employs extensive security measures to
minimize access:
Firebase restricts access to a select employees who have a business purpose to access personal data.
Firebase logs employee access to systems that contain personal data.
Firebase only permits access to personal data by employees who sign in with Google Sign-In and
2-factor authentication
.
Firebase Service Data
Firebase Service Data is personal information that Google collects and generates
during the provision and administration of the Firebase services
*
,
excluding Customer Data
**
as defined in our customer agreements
covering Firebase services and
Google Cloud Service Data
.
Examples of Firebase Service Data include information about service usage,
resource identifiers like application IDs and package name/bundle IDs, technical
and operational details of usage such as IP addresses, and direct communications
with developers from feedback and support related conversations.
*Services covered include Firebase A/B Testing, Firebase App Distribution,
  Firebase Cloud Messaging, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase Dynamic Links,
  Firebase Hosting, Firebase In-App Messaging, Firebase ML,
  Firebase Performance Monitoring, Firebase Realtime Database,
  Firebase Remote Config, and Firebase User Segmentation Storage.
**For more information about how we process Customer Data, see our
Firebase Data Processing and Security
  Terms
.
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Google uses Firebase Service Data in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms.
Firebase Service Data is used, for example, to:
Provide Firebase services you request
Make recommendations to optimize use of Firebase services
Maintain and improve Firebase services
Provide and improve other services you request
Understand your use of Firebase and other Google services
Provide better support to and communicate with you
Protect you, our users, the public and Google
Comply with legal obligations
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
You can control whether your Firebase Service Data may be used by Google to
provide more in depth analysis, insights, and recommendations about
non-Firebase
Google services and improve
non-Firebase
Google services.
You can configure this in your Firebase data privacy settings page.
If this control is disabled, Firebase Service Data will continue to be used
for other purposes, such as those mentioned above, in accordance with our
privacy policy
and applicable terms, including
to make recommendations about and improve
Firebase
services, and to deliver
and improve other services you request, such as Google products you link to your
Firebase project.
Still have questions? Contact us
For any privacy-related questions you have that aren't covered here,
reach out to Firebase Support
. If you're a Firebase developer, include your Firebase App ID. Find your Firebase App ID in the
Your apps
card of your
settings
Project
settings
.
Was this helpful?
Send feedback
Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Last updated 2025-03-04 UTC.
Info
Chat
On this page
Data protection
Firebase support for GDPR and CCPA
Firebase Data Processing and Security Terms
Firebase is certified under major privacy and security standards
Data processing information
Examples of end-user data processed by Firebase
Guides for enabling opt-in for end-user data processing
Data storage and processing locations
Security information
Data encryption
Security practices
Firebase Service Data
Examples of how Firebase Service Data is processed by Firebase
Firebase Service Data use by non-Firebase Google services
Sub-policy 31
https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/:
Select your cookie preferences
We use essential cookies and similar tools that are necessary to provide our site and services. We use performance cookies to collect anonymous statistics, so we can understand how customers use our site and make improvements. Essential cookies cannot be deactivated, but you can choose “Customize” or “Decline” to decline performance cookies.
If you agree, AWS and approved third parties will also use cookies to provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content, including relevant advertising. To accept or decline all non-essential cookies, choose “Accept” or “Decline.” To make more detailed choices, choose “Customize.”
Accept
Decline
Customize
We use cookies and similar tools (collectively, "cookies") for the following purposes.
Essential
Essential cookies are necessary to provide our site and services and cannot be deactivated. They are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, signing in, or filling in forms.
Performance
Performance cookies provide anonymous statistics about how customers navigate our site so we can improve site experience and performance. Approved third parties may perform analytics on our behalf, but they cannot use the data for their own purposes.
Allow performance category
Allowed
Functional
Functional cookies help us provide useful site features, remember your preferences, and display relevant content. Approved third parties may set these cookies to provide certain site features. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Allow functional category
Allowed
Advertising
Advertising cookies may be set through our site by us or our advertising partners and help us deliver relevant marketing content. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less relevant advertising.
Allow advertising category
Allowed
Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of our sites. You may review and change your choices at any time by selecting Cookie preferences in the footer of this site. We and selected third-parties use cookies or similar technologies as specified in the
AWS Cookie Notice
.
We display ads relevant to your interests on AWS sites and on other properties, including cross-context behavioral advertising. Cross-context behavioral advertising uses data from one site or app to advertise to you on a different company’s site or app.
To not allow AWS cross-context behavioral advertising based on cookies or similar technologies, select “Don't allow” and “Save privacy choices” below, or visit an AWS site with a legally-recognized decline signal enabled, such as the Global Privacy Control. If you delete your cookies or visit this site from a different browser or device, you will need to make your selection again. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
AWS Cookie Notice
.
Cross-context behavioral ads
Allow
Don't allow
To not allow all other AWS cross-context behavioral advertising,
complete this form by email
.
For more information about how AWS handles your information, please read the
AWS Privacy Notice
.
We will only store essential cookies at this time, because we were unable to save your cookie preferences.
If you want to change your cookie preferences, try again later using the link in the AWS console footer, or contact support if the problem persists.
Skip to main content
Privacy Notice
Last Updated: February 21, 2025
To see prior version, click
here
.
This Privacy Notice describes how we collect and use your personal information in relation to AWS websites, applications, products, services, events, and experiences that reference this Privacy Notice (together, “AWS Offerings”).
This Privacy Notice does not apply to the “content” processed, stored, or hosted by our customers using AWS Offerings in connection with an AWS account. See the agreement governing your access to your AWS account and the
AWS Data Privacy FAQ
for more information about how we handle content and how our customers can control their content through AWS Offerings. This Privacy Notice also does not apply to any products, services, websites, or content that are offered by third parties or have their own privacy notice.
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Personal Information
Cookies
How We Share Personal Information
Location of Personal Information
How We Secure Information
Access and Choice
Children’s Personal Information
Third Party Sites and Services
Retention of Personal Information
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
Examples of Information Collected
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information in the course of providing AWS Offerings to you.
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us:
We collect any information you provide in relation to AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information you give us.
Automatic Information:
We automatically collect certain types of information when you interact with AWS Offerings. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect automatically.
Information from Other Sources:
We might collect information about you from other sources, including service providers, partners, and publicly available sources. Click
here
to see examples of information we collect from other sources.
How We Use Personal Information
We use your personal information to operate, provide, and improve AWS Offerings. Our purposes for using personal information include:
Provide AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to provide and deliver AWS Offerings and process transactions related to AWS Offerings, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
Measure, Support, and Improve AWS Offerings:
We use your personal information to measure use of, analyze performance of, fix errors in, provide support for, improve, and develop AWS Offerings.
Recommendations and Personalization:
We use your personal information to recommend AWS Offerings that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with AWS Offerings.
Comply with Legal Obligations:
In certain cases, we have a legal obligation to collect, use, or retain your personal information. For example, we collect bank account information from AWS Marketplace sellers for identity verification.
Communicate with You:
We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to AWS Offerings via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat) and to respond to your requests.
Marketing:
We use your personal information to market and promote AWS Offerings.
Fraud and Abuse Prevention and Credit Risks:
We use your personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, AWS, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.
Purposes for Which We Seek Your Consent:
We may also ask for your consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you.
Cookies
To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide, market, and improve AWS Offerings, we and approved third parties use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our
Cookie Notice
.
How We Share Personal Information
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and the affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that are either subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.
Transactions Involving Third Parties:
We make available to you services, software, and content provided by third parties for use on or through AWS Offerings. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share information related to those transactions with that third party. For example, you can order services, software, and content from sellers using the AWS Marketplace and we provide those sellers information to facilitate your subscription, purchases, or support.
Third-Party Service Providers:
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include: delivering AWS hardware, sending communications, processing payments, assessing credit and compliance risks, analyzing data, providing marketing and sales assistance (including advertising and event management), conducting customer relationship management, and providing training. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process that information in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection law.
Business Transfers:
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or services. In such transactions, personal information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the individual consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that AWS or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of Us and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce or apply our terms and other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or security of AWS, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud prevention and detection and credit risk reduction.
At Your Option:
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Location of Personal Information
Amazon Web Services, Inc. is located in the United States, and our affiliated companies are located throughout the world. Depending on the scope of your interactions with AWS Offerings, your personal information may be stored in or accessed from multiple countries, including the United States. Whenever we transfer personal information to other jurisdictions, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws.
How We Secure Information
At AWS, security is our highest priority. We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
We maintain a wide variety of compliance programs that validate our security controls. Click
here
to learn more about our compliance programs.
We protect the security of your information during transmission to or from AWS websites, applications, products, or services by using encryption protocols and software.
We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
Access and Choice
You can view, update, and delete certain information about your account and your interactions with AWS Offerings. Click
here
for a list of examples of information that you can access. If you cannot access or update your information yourself, you can always contact us for assistance.
You have choices about the collection and use of your personal information. Many AWS Offerings include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain AWS Offerings.
Account Information:
If you want to add, update, or delete information related to your account, please go to the
AWS Management Console
. When you update or delete any information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
Communications:
If you do not want to receive promotional messages from us, please unsubscribe or adjust your communication preferences in the
AWS Management Console
or the
AWS Email Preference Center
. If you do not want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or your device.
Cookies Preferences:
You can change your cookie preferences on AWS sites at any time by clicking Cookie Preferences in the footer of the AWS site. You can also manage cookies through your browser settings.
The "Help" feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to remove cookies from your device, how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Sellers and Amazon Partners:
Sellers and Amazon Partner Network members can add, update, or delete information in the
AWS Marketplace
and
APN Partner Central
, respectively.
Children’s Personal Information
We don’t provide AWS Offerings for purchase by children. If you’re under 18, you may use AWS Offerings only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Third Party Sites and Services
AWS Offerings may embed content provided by others or include links to other websites and applications. These companies may collect information about you when you interact with their content or services. We are not responsible for the practices of these companies. Please consult their privacy policies to learn about their data practices.
Retention of Personal Information
We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
If you have any concerns about privacy at AWS, please
contact us
with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve the issue for you.
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services, Inc., our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services, Inc., 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, ATTN: AWS Legal
Contact details for specific jurisdictions including the European Economic Area, the UK and Switzerland, can be found in “Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions” below.
If you interact with AWS Offerings on behalf of or through your organization, then your personal information may also be subject to your organization’s privacy practices, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your organization.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice may also change. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes. You can see the date on which the latest version of this Privacy Notice was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all personal information we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of personal information collected in the past without informing affected customers and giving them a choice.
EU-US Data Privacy Framework, UK Extension, and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework
Amazon Web Services, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. Click
here
to learn more.
Additional Information for Certain Jurisdictions
We provide additional information about our controllers and data protection officers (as applicable), the privacy, collection, and use of personal information of prospective and current customers of AWS Offerings located in certain jurisdictions.
Brazil
Controller of Personal Information
. When Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda., A. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 2.041, Torre E - 18th and 19th Floors, Vila Nova Conceicao, Sao Paulo, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering. The data protection officer for Amazon AWS Serviços Brasil Ltda. can be contacted at aws-brazil-privacy@amazon.com.
Processing
. We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint with Brazil’s National Data Protection Authority (ANPD) through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Transfers outside of Brazil
. When we transfer your personal information outside Brazil, we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
Canada
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements; and
lodge a complaint with us regarding our practices related to your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or by mail at 120 Bremner Blvd, 26th Floor, Toronto, Ontario, M5J 0A8, Canada, ATTN: AWS Canada Legal. Further, the Amazon Web Services Canada, Inc. Privacy Officer can be contacted at
aws-canada-privacy@amazon.com
or by mail at the address noted above.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Costa Rica
Your Rights
. With respect to data collected and processed by Amazon Web Services Costa Rica (“AWS Costa Rica”), you have the rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, or complaint. When you consent to AWS Costa Rica processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time and AWS Costa Rica will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please
contact us
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us at Zona Franca America, Edificio C7. 600 norte de Plaza Real Cariari, sobre la paralela a la Autopista General Cañas. San Francisco de Heredia, Costa Rica.
European Economic Area, UK, and Switzerland
Controller of Personal Information.
When Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is the provider of an AWS Offering, Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL is also the authorized representative of Amazon Web Services, Inc. in the EEA.
Processing.
We process your personal information on one or more of the following legal bases:
as necessary to enter into a contract with you or a legal entity you represent, to perform our contractual obligations, to provide AWS Offerings, to respond to requests from you, or to provide customer support;
where we have a legitimate interest, as described in this Privacy Notice (see How We Use Personal Information above);
as necessary to comply with relevant law and legal obligations, including to respond to lawful requests and orders; or
with your consent.
Information We Retain After Your Account is Closed.
If you decide to terminate your agreement and close your AWS account, we will retain your content for a period of up to 90 days after account closure, during which you may still access part of the AWS Management Console in order to retrieve your billing documents and to contact customer support. During this period, you may also decide to reopen your AWS account. At the end of this period, we will delete any content remaining in your account.
After account closure, we may need to keep certain information for an additional period of time for legal and legitimate business purposes. For example, we may retain personal information such as your contact information (e.g., name, email address, physical address) and any invoices that AWS has sent to you (e.g., record of purchases, applicable discounts, and tax information) for tax and accounting purposes. If applicable, AWS may also retain records of communications with you, as well as relevant logs (e.g., a log of your account closure) for dispute resolution purposes. We further may keep records for preventing fraud and ensuring security, for example in case of misuse of our services or violation of our terms.
Your Rights
. Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
Questions and Contacts.
If you wish to do any of these things or have a data-protection related question, and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
The data protection officer for Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL can be contacted at aws-EU-privacy@amazon.com.
You can also lodge a complaint with our principal supervisory authority, the
Commission Nationale pour la Protection des Données in Luxembourg
, or with a local authority.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Cookies.
Please refer to our
Cookie Notice
.
Transfers outside of the EEA.
When we transfer your personal information outside the EEA we do so in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice and applicable data protection law.
India
For any prospective or current customers of Amazon Web Services India Private Limited (formerly known as Amazon Internet Services Private Limited), our mailing address is: Amazon Web Services India Private Limited, Block E, 14th Floor, Unit Nos. 1401 to 1421, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi, Delhi 110019, India, ATTN: AWS India Legal.
Japan
Controller of Personal Information
Any personal information provided to or gathered by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN.
Any personal information collected by Amazon Web Services, Inc. is controlled primarily by Amazon Web Services, Inc.
Use of Personal Information
We jointly use your personal information for such purposes as described in this Privacy Notice with domestic and foreign affiliates that Amazon.com, Inc. controls, including Amazon Web Services, Inc., Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, and other global entities that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Jointly used personal information includes personal information described under “Personal Information We Collect” and “Example of Information Collected” above. Amazon Web Services, Inc. is the business operator primarily responsible for managing jointly used personal information.
We share personal information with third parties only to the extent described under “How We Share Personal Information” above and in accordance with the Act on Protection of Personal Information.
When we share your personal information with third parties outside of Japan, such as sellers of products on AWS Marketplace and sponsors of AWS events, we require the recipients to adopt personal information security measures to protect your personal information.
Please see
here
for information on the countries where third parties may be located, and the applicable data privacy laws and data protection systems in these countries.
Your Rights
You may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to submit a data subject access request, please
contact us
(for AWS customers) or contact us at our mailing address, Amazon Web Services Japan G.K., 3-1-1 Kamiosaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo 141-0021 JAPAN, ATTN: AWS Japan Legal (for current or prospective customers of Amazon Web Services Japan G.K. and non-customers in Japan).
Malaysia
A Bahasa Malaysia translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Nigeria
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Nigeria Limited, located at 3-5 Sinari Daranijo Street, Off Ajose Adeogun, Victoria Island, Lagos, Nigeria (“AWS Nigeria”), AWS Nigeria is the data controller.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information;
request portability of personal information that you have provided to us (which does not include information derived from the collected information), where the processing of such personal information is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means; and
request information about the possibility of refusing consent and the consequences of doing so.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Nigeria customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
.
You can also file a complaint with Nigeria’s National Information Technology Development Agency through its official channels.
When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose.
Peru
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Peru S.R.L., located at Av. Jorge Basadre 349 San Isidro, Lima (“AWS Peru”), AWS Peru is the data controller and the personal data bank holder of the following data banks: customers, prospective customers, and vendors.
Personal Information.
Depending on how you engage with AWS Peru, we may process one or more of the following kinds of personal information: name, identity card number, Tax ID, contact information (such as address, telephone, email address), profession, banking and credit card details, and physical or electronic signature. For more information about the personal information that we collect, click
here
.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
ask whether we hold personal information about you and request copies of such personal information and information about how it is processed;
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
request us to restrict the processing of personal information where the processing is inappropriate;
object to the processing of personal information; and
exercise any other rights afforded by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS Peru customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
You can also file a complaint before the Peruvian National Data Protection Authority through its official channels.
Data Processors and Transfers to Third Parties.
We may share your personal information as described in this Privacy Notice and as permitted by the Peruvian Personal Data Protection Regulations, including to Amazon Web Services Inc., located at 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210, United States of America, for the purposes of providing services and engaging in marketing, business development, and sales efforts with respect to cloud services that Amazon Web Services, Inc. sells globally; and enabling the provision of data hosting, storage, and processing by Amazon Web Services, Inc. as AWS Peru’s data processor.
Philippines
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services Philippines, Inc. (“AWS Philippines”), you may contact the Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and Data Compliance Officer for Privacy (“COP”)
here
if you are an AWS Philippines customer. If you are not an AWS customer, you may contact the DPO and COP at 21st floor Arthaland Century Pacific Tower, 5th Avenue 1634 Bonifacio Global City, Taguig, Philippines.
South Africa
Controller of Personal Information.
With respect to personal information provided to Amazon Web Services South Africa Proprietary Limited, located at 29 Gogosoa Street, Observatory, Cape Town, South Africa, 7925 (“AWS South Africa”), AWS South Africa is the responsible party.
Your Rights.
Subject to applicable law, you have the right to:
request that inaccurate personal information is corrected;
request deletion of personal information that is no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, or processed in non-compliance with applicable legal requirements;
object, at any time to the processing of your personal information for purposes of direct marketing other than direct marketing by means of unsolicited electronic communications from AWS which is prohibited unless you give consent to receive such direct marketing;
object, at any time (at which point we will cease processing of your personal information), to the processing of your personal information if you feel the processing of that personal information is not necessary for protection of your legitimate interest/s; proper performance of a public law duty by a public body; or pursuance of the legitimate interests of AWS or of a third party to whom the information is supplied; and
to submit a complaint to the Information Regulator of South Africa regarding interference with the protection of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS South Africa customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, please contact us
here
or at the address under Controller of Personal Information above.
The Information Regulator Contact Details. The Information Regulator of South Africa is located at: JD House, 27 Stiemens Street, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2001. P.O. Box 31533, Braamfontein, Johannesburg, 2017. You may direct general enquiries by email to:
enquiries@inforegulator.org.za
. You may direct complaints by email to:
POPIAComplaints@inforegulator.org.za
.
South Korea
AWS does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian.
How We Share Personal Information
AWS may share personal information as described in this Privacy Notice, including with affiliates of Amazon Web Services, Inc.
AWS has contracts in place with the following third party service provider(s) (delegatees) to perform functions on behalf of AWS in Korea, and they may have access to your personal information as needed to perform their functions described below:
The details of delegation for event management can be found on the relevant event page.
AWS may share your personal information with the following third party service provider(s) outside of Korea as described below:
If you do not agree with the above-stated overseas transfers, please stop using AWS Services and close your AWS Account.
Deletion of Personal Information
AWS will delete your personal information (including after closure of your AWS account) as described in this Privacy Notice. When deleting personal information, AWS will take standard commercially reasonable measures to make the personal information practically irrecoverable or irreproducible. The specific manner of deletion will depend on the information being deleted, how the information was collected and stored, and your interactions with us. Electronic documents or files containing personal information will be deleted using a technical method that makes recovery or retrieval of such information practically impossible or renders the data no longer personally identifiable. Non-electronic documents or files containing personal information will be shredded, incinerated, or both.
Retention of Personal Information
AWS Korea keeps your personal information to enable your continued use of AWS Offerings, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as may be required by law (including for tax and accounting purposes as may be required by the Framework Act on National Taxes of Republic of Korea or other laws), or as otherwise communicated to you. How long we retain specific personal information varies depending on the purpose for its use, and we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law.
If you have any privacy questions or requests please contact:
AWS Korea Privacy
Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com
Korean translation of this Privacy Notice can be found
here
.
Turkey
Controller of Personal Information.
When AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi is the provider of an AWS Offering, AWS Turkey Pazarlama Teknoloji ve Danışmanlık Hizmetleri Limited Şirketi, located at Esentepe Mahallesi Bahar Sk. Özdilek/River Plaza/Wyndham Grand Hotel Apt. No: 13/52 Şişli/İstanbul, Turkey, is the data controller of personal information collected or processed through the AWS Offering.
United States
These additional disclosures are required by certain state privacy laws to the extent they apply to your use of AWS Offerings, and serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Categories of personal information collected
. The personal information that we may collect, or may have collected from consumers in the preceding twelve months, fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, alias, address, phone numbers, or IP address, your AWS account log-in information, or a government-issued identifier (such as a state-issued ID number, which may be required to verify your identity when completing certain AWS certification courses, or an ID you provide for identity verification, which in some cases may reflect citizenship or immigration status);
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or US federal law, such as age, race, or gender or gender identity, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis;
commercial information, such as purchase activity;
internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details;
information used to prevent and detect fraud or other unauthorized activity, including informing customers if such activity were to affect them;
biometric information, such as your voice or appearance, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of a speech or image recognition service;
geolocation data, which may in some cases constitute precise geolocation information, such as the location of your device or computer, for example if you enable location services to enhance your experience through event applications we offer;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, including when you communicate with us by phone or otherwise;
professional or employment-related information, for example data you may provide about your business;
inference data, such as information about your preferences; and
education information, such as information about enrollment status, fields of study, or degrees, honors, and awards received.
We collect this information from you, automatically through your interaction with the AWS Offerings, or from third parties. For more information about the personal information we collect, click
here
. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “How We Use Personal Information” section above.
Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
. The personal information that we may have disclosed about consumers for a business purpose in the preceding twelve months fall into the following categories established by the California Privacy Rights Act and other state privacy laws, depending on how you engage with the AWS Offerings:
Identifiers, such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third-party carrier to deliver AWS hardware, or government identifier or certain types of ID you provide for identity verification, which may in some cases reflect your citizenship or immigration status, for example if we use a third-party service to verify your identity;
personal information as described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, such as a credit card number or other payment information, for example if we use a third-party payment processor;
information that may reveal your age, gender or gender identity, race, or other protected classifications under California or US federal law, for example if we conduct user surveys or analysis using a third-party service provider;
commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third-party service provider assists in providing that product or service to you;
internet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a third-party service provider to help us gather reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services;
information relating to our prevention and detection of unauthorized activity, such as attempted fraud;
biometric information, for example if you choose to participate in a demonstration of certain AWS services facilitated by a third-party service provider;
geolocation data, which may constitute precise geolocation data, for example if we enable transportation services from a third party in connection with an AWS event;
audio, visual, electronic or other similar information, for example if a third-party service provider reviews recordings of customer support phone calls for quality assurance purposes;
professional or employment-related information, for example if we provide information to a third-party service provider for verification or registration as part of the AWS Offerings;
education information, for example if we facilitate employment or internship recruitment activities for participants in the AWS Educate program; and
inference data, for example if we use a third-party service provider to store information about your preferences.
For more information about the personal information we may disclose for a business purpose, click
here
.
Your Data Rights
. You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by us, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things and you are an AWS customer, please contact us
here
. If you are not an AWS customer, or you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact us
here
or at the address under
Contacts, Notices, and Revisions
above. Additionally, you may have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable.
To ensure the security of your AWS account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a consumer pursuant to applicable state law, we may ask you to provide information verifying you have proper authority to make the request on behalf of the consumer or we may ask the consumer to verify their identity with us directly.
No sale or sharing of personal information
. We do not sell or share any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Privacy Rights Act.
De-identified Data Disclosure.
AWS may use de-identified data in some instances. AWS either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law.
California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure
. The categories of data that we collect and disclose for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act.
California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure
. To enable your continued use of AWS Services, we keep your personal information for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in this AWS Privacy Notice, as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you.
California Privacy Rights Act Non-Discrimination Statement
. We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act.
Colorado Privacy Act and Oregon Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure
. We do not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act or the Oregon Privacy Act.
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide information to us when you:
search for, subscribe to, or purchase AWS Offerings;
create or administer your AWS account (and you might have more than one account if you have used more than one email address when using AWS Offerings);
configure your settings for, provide data access permissions for, or otherwise interact with AWS Offerings;
register for or attend an AWS event;
purchase or use content, products, or services from third-party providers through the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
offer your content, products, or services on or through AWS Offerings or the AWS Marketplace (or other similar venues operated or provided by us);
communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;
complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or other information request forms;
post on AWS websites or participate in community features; and
employ notification services.
Depending on your use of AWS Offerings, you might supply us with such information as:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
payment information, including credit card and bank account information;
information about your location;
information about your organization and your contacts, such as colleagues or people within your organization;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
content of feedback, testimonials, inquiries, support tickets, and any phone conversations, chat sessions and emails with or to us;
your image (still, video, and in some cases 3-D), voice, and other identifiers that are personal to you when you attend an AWS event or use certain AWS Offerings;
information regarding identity, including government-issued identification information;
corporate and financial information; and
VAT numbers and other tax identifiers.
Automatic Information
We collect information automatically when you:
visit, interact with, or use AWS Offerings (including when you use your computer or other device to interact with AWS Offerings);
download content from us;
open emails or click on links in emails from us; and
interact or communicate with us (such as when you attend an AWS event or when you request customer support).
Examples of the information we automatically collect include:
network and connection information, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or other device to the Internet and information about your Internet service provider;
computer and device information, such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, or time zone setting;
the location of your device or computer;
authentication and security credential information;
content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads;
AWS Offerings metrics, such as offering usage, occurrences of technical errors, diagnostic reports, your settings preferences, backup information, API calls, and other logs;
the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website (including date and time) and AWS Offerings, content you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs);
email addresses and phone numbers used to contact us; and
identifiers and information contained in cookies (see our
Cookie Notice
).
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include:
marketing, sales generation, and recruitment information, including your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
subscription, purchase, support, or other information about your interactions with products and services offered by us, our affiliates (such as AWS training courses), or third parties (such as products offered through the AWS Marketplace) in relation to AWS Offerings;
search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); and
credit history information from credit bureaus.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access through AWS Offerings include:
your name, email address, physical address, phone number, and other similar contact information;
usernames, aliases, roles, and other authentication and security credential information;
your subscription, purchase, usage, billing, and payment history;
payment settings, such as payment instrument information and billing preferences;
tax information;
email communication and notification settings; and
if you participate in the AWS Marketplace or Amazon Partner Network (or other similar venues operated or provided by us), your account, your status, subscriptions, and other information.
Customers can access the information above through AWS Offerings, such as the
AWS Management Console
(including the
My Account
,
Billing Dashboard
,
Bills
,
Payment Methods
,
Payment History
,
Preferences
and
Tax Settings
pages), the
AWS Email Preference Center
,
AWS Marketplace
, and
APN Partner Central
.
AWS support for Internet Explorer ends on 07/31/2022. Supported browsers are Chrome, Firefox, Edge, and Safari.
Learn more »
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
Login
Close
Profile
Your profile helps improve your interactions with select AWS experiences.
View profile
Log out