Lavish Alice Retail Limited Privacy Notice
...
Please read this Privacy Notice. It relates to how Lavish Alice Retail Ltd
(we, us, our)
hold and process your personal data
(information)
and your rights.
Lavish Alice Retail Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioners Office. We are a limited company and our company registration number is 14630469 and our registered office is at Unit 33, Irlam Business Centre, Soapstone Way, Manchester, M44 6RA.
We are regulated by the Data Protection Act 1998 (“DPA”), and the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).
The person responsible for Data Protection at Lavish Alice Retail Limited is Matthew Newton
(Data Compliance Manager & Director)
who can be contacted by email at care@lavishalice.com or in writing to our registered office address above.
Our website is
www.lavishalice.com
Lavish Alice Retail Limited is a data controller. This means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use your information. We are required under the data protection legislation to notify you of the details contained in this privacy notice. We have a duty to keep your information secure and we will do so.
...
Website Customers
The information we hold and process:
If you order goods from us from our website we will take and process your name, email address, home address, gender, order details (including your size/s), telephone contact number/s, and bank or credit card details (being the details of the method of payment you use to make your purchase).
Why we hold it and the basis for doing so:
We hold your name, email address, home address, order details, telephone contact details and bank or credit card information to take details of what you have bought, for you to pay for the goods you have bought, and in order to supply and deliver the goods you have bought.
This information is held and processed by us on the basis that it is necessary for us to do so for the purpose of the legal contract between you and us.
In addition, you are invited when you place an order to put your name on our mailing list for marketing purposes, namely to receive future offers and promotions. You must specifically opt in to do this, and to specify what details you wish to receive from us in the future. We hold this information on the basis of the consent you give to us.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by selecting the option in the marketing email to unsubscribe or alternatively by emailing
care@lavishalice.com
. Each time you receive marketing or promotional details from us, you are reminded that you can withdraw your consent and how you may do this.
Where we hold the information:
Except for your bank or credit card details, the information taken for the purpose of the contract between us and you is held by us with Shopify. Shopify is certified Level 1 PCI DSS compliant. This compliance extends by default to all stores powered by Shopify. Shopify’s compliance covers all six PCI standard categories and applies to every store using our platform.
Maintain a Secure Network
Protect Cardholder Data
Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program
Implement Strong Access Control Measures
Regularly Monitor & Test Networks
Maintain an Information Security Policy
You can discover further information about Shopify's security features and policies
here.
Your bank and credit card details are processed by Shopify upon our behalf and not by us. In addition, the information retained by us based on your consent for marketing purposes is held on a mailing list by Klaviyo on our behalf.
Please see the section below under Data Sharing relating to our arrangement with Shopify and Klaviyo.
How long we hold your data for:
We hold the information you consent to us holding indefinitely unless and until you withdraw your consent.
...
Internet
We hold information about those who visit our website even if an order is not made. Details of what information is held, the use, and how long each piece of information is held for can be found in our Cookie Policy which can be found here.
It is necessary for us to hold this information as it is in the legitimate interests of our business to do so and also of the visitor to our website as it enhances their experience when visiting our website.
...
General
The information we hold and process:
We hold information relating to other companies, businesses, organisations or associations with whom we have a professional relationship or potentially common interest. This information may include names of individuals, email addresses, telephone addresses, and, if required, home addresses.
Why we hold it and the basis for doing so:
We hold this information as we consider it necessary for us to do so in the legitimate interests of our business to enhance and preserve those relationships.
Where we hold it:
This information is held by us within the Shopify & Klaviyo platforms.
...
Data Sharing
As explained above, some information is held and processed by Shopify and Klayvio upon our behalf. They are data processors who process this information upon our behalf.
We have written terms of agreement in place which determine and regulate our relationship with both Shopify and Klayvio which comply with the requirements of the data protection legislation. This agreement ensures that your data is kept secure.
In addition, some data is also shared with the following providers:
Meta
Google
Pinterest
WhatsApp
We may also share data with our legal advisers and authorities where we deem it necessary to do so. Your data will not otherwise be shared with any other third party without your consent. Your data is not held outside the United Kingdom.
...
Automated Processing
We do not process information by automated means nor do we use profiling.
...
How To Exercise Your Rights
If you would like to exercise any of your rights, please email
care@lavishalice.com
or write to us at the registered address given at the top of this Privacy Notice. We will then consider your request and action the same as necessary although in some circumstances we may have a legitimate reason for not being able to action your request. If this should be the case then we will notify you of the reason why.
...
If You Have Cause For Complaint
If you have any cause for complaint, or do not believe that we are processing your information fairly or in line with our obligations as a data controller, then we would ask that you contact us in the first instance with your concerns although you are not obliged to do so and you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office whose details can be found at
www.ico.org.uk
...
Changes To This Policy
We may change this policy from time to time. It is recommended that you retain a copy and also regularly check for any amendments. If we hold your data for marketing purposes you will be informed by email when any change is made.
Last Policy Update: 25/10/2024 by Matthew Newton.