MSite - Privacy Policy
About this policy
Here at MSite we take the management of all personal data extremely seriously.
This privacy policy has been updated for the Data Protection Act 2018 (DPA) and its adoption of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) standards and illustrates how we use your personal data when you visit or record your personal information in MSite.
We have provided this policy to ensure that you understand what personal data we collect and hold about you, what we may use it for and how we keep it safe. You have legal rights to access the personal data that we hold about you and to control how we use it which are also explained.
As you utilise the MSite online portal, the information collected is controlled by the portal owner
(“Principal Contractor”)
who act as the
Data Controller
. Human Recognitions Systems Ltd operate and manage the MSite online portal on behalf of the portal owner
(“Principal Contractor”)
and act as their
Data Processor
.
The MSite portal owner
(“Principal Contractor”)
will have their own privacy policy which you should reference to understand how they manage your personal data, including but not limited to their reasons for holding the data and how long they hold the data for.
What we use your personal data for?
How we use your personal data will depend on whether you are a
(“Site Visitor”)
of MSite or whether you choose to create an MSite employee profile
(“Employee Profile User”)
in a particular customer portal.
(“Site Visitors”)
to MSite, individuals who are simply browsing the MSite web portal but do not create an employee profile, only have data collected via Cookies. For more information about Cookies please view our Cookie policy.
(“Employee Profile User”)
’s, are those users who register their personal details either by entering their personal information themselves or by giving permission to a
(“3rd Party”)
to enter their personal details on their behalf. In most cases the
(“3rd Party”)
would be your direct employer.
(“Employee Profile User”)
’s data is managed based on the instruction given to us by the
(“Principal Contractor”)
.
What personal data do we store?
Our
(“Principal Contractors”)
can configure MSite to store different types of personal data such as (but not limited to these):
Your name
Your Employee Profile Image (Photo)
Your address and postcode
Your email address
Your telephone number
Your occupation/trade
Your National Insurance Number
Your Date of Birth
Your Next of Kin details and telephone contact number
Your relationship to Next of Kin (where provided by You)
Your Biometric data
Your Health data
Your Equality and Diversity Information
Your Location data (this includes GPS coordinates of your mobile device)
Any personal data collected about you in MSite is collected on behalf of a
(“Principal Contractor”)
and as such subject to their privacy policy.
Biometric Data
The
(“Principal Contractor”)
has responsibilities to protect your health and safety, requires them to prevent unauthorised access to site, ensure anyone they appoint has the skills, knowledge, experience and, where relevant, the organisational capability to carry out their work safely and without risk to health, and they must ensure all workers have site-specific inductions, and any further information and training they need.
MSite uses biometrics as the most pertinent means of proving your identity and to allow you to access site as this provides a secure, reliable and fast method. We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and understand that this data is sensitive and unique to you. We would like you to use your fingerprint, but if you’re uncomfortable with this, MSite can give you a PIN number instead.
MSITE WORKFORCE MOBILE APPLICATION
(“Employee Profile User”)
’s can use the App to link an existing employee profile from MSite and then use the App via Bluetooth to confirm your identity to MSite, gain and manage access, including adherence to social distancing regulations, in associated Principal Contractor construction sites and premises.
The App will look to use local biometric authentication such as Android Fingerprint, Apple Touch ID or Apple Face ID to confirm your identity before Bluetooth access is provided.
The application does not store information, personal or biometric, about you or access your device to gain such information.
When will we share your personal data with others?
We share your data with the following services and third-parties in the day to day running of MSite:
Sub-Processors
MSite uses certain sub-processors to assist in providing it’s services. A sub-processor is a third party data processor engaged by MSite who agrees to receive personal data from MSite intended for processing activities to be carried out (i) on behalf of Principal Contractors; (ii) in accordance with customer instructions.
Sub-Processor
Types of data Transferred
Purpose for the data transfer
Location
Amazon Web Services*
All
Infrastructure as a Service provider
London, United Kingdom
Amazon Web Services*
All
Infrastructure as a Service provider
Dublin, Ireland
Twilio
First name, Last name, Phone number
Invite to employee to complete online registration
USA
Loqate
Employee Postcode, Lodging Postcode
Travel distances to Site
UK
CITB Construction Training Register
Last name, DOB, NI number
Validate employee details
UK
Microsoft Azure
All – Pseudonymised / Anonymised
Statistical and analytical Dashboards & Reporting
London, United Kingdom
*Applicable to Data Hosting Requirements
Other
we may also share your personal information with third parties on a one-off basis, for example, if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, ourselves or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We use personal data in the following ways:
Personal data that you provide to us is used to: - provide our services and features to you, to measure and improve those services and features and to provide you with customer and technical support - manage and administer your MSite account
Personal data about your use of MSite is used to: - administer MSite for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes - to improve MSite to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or mobile device - to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so - as part of our efforts to keep our MSite Portal safe and secure
Pseudonymised / Anonymised Data
In some circumstances we may pseudonymize/anonymise your personal data for statistical or analytical purposes or for big data analysis in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice.
Access to your information and correction:
If you have an
(“Employee Profile”)
in MSite you have the right to access, rectify or erase information held about you, at any time. Responsibility for complying with a subject access request lies with the
(“Principal Contractor”)
acting as the Data Controller. To exercise your rights regarding personal data you will need to contact the
(“Principal Contractor”)
and ask the organisation to contact us on your behalf as they are the controller of your personal data.
You can find full details of your personal data rights on the Information Commissioner’s Office website at
www.ico.org.uk
.
How we keep your personal data safe:
In order to ensure your personal data is safe at MSite we:
only store your personal data on secure servers which are operated by us and hosted in third party data centres
ensure that your personal data only accessed by staff directly employed by Human Recognition Systems
ensure our staff receive annual data security awareness training
invest in the most advanced information security technology
obtain and comply with various security focussed accreditations
engage in independent penetration tests
Unfortunately, sending information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of personal data sent to our portal; you send us personal data at your own risk. Once we have received your personal data, we will use strict procedures and security features (some of which are described above) to try to prevent unauthorised access.
How long do we keep your personal data:
MSite will retain your personal data while your
(“Employee Profile”)
is active. The length of time your
(“Employee Profile”)
is active will be determined by our
(“Principal Contractor”)
. You have the right to know how long your personal data is being held for and as such should refer to the privacy policy the
(“Principal Contractor”)
has provided.
How we use your personal data for advertising and marketing:
The personal data stored within MSite is not used for any advertising or marketing purposes.
If you have received any advertising due to the creation of your
(“Employee Profile”)
account then you should contact Human Recognition Systems using the contact details provided below.
Who are we and how can you contact us?
Based in the Bunker Building in Liverpool, UK,
Human Recognition Systems Ltd
trading as MSite, develop an online digital workforce management portal used by our customers to onboard, induct, train and manage their workforce.
Our registered office address is at:
The Bunker, 25 Innovation Blvd, Liverpool, United Kingdom, L7 9PW
You can contact us in writing at the address above or by emailing
DPO@hrsid.com
. If you would like to speak to us please call us on: +44(0)333 456 2001
How we keep this policy up to date:
We have recently updated our policy to ensure we are compliant with GDPR. In future we will review and update this policy. This may be to reflect a change in the goods or services we offer or to our internal procedures or it may be to reflect a change in the law.
The easiest way to check for updates is by looking for the latest version of this policy on the MSite portal or you can contact us to ask us to send you the latest version of our policy.
Each time we update our policy we will update the policy version number and the date on which that version of the policy came into force.
Last Updated 04/10/2022
Version 2.9