About
Privacy Policy
More
Use tab to navigate through the menu items.
Privacy Policy
The Laundry Lens Privacy Policy was updated on May 30, 2020.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the app. By using the app, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
We use images you provide when you use the app via your camera or camera roll (if you have granted us permission to access your camera or camera roll) only to enable you to use the app’s features. We do not collect images or your photo albums even if you grant us your access to them. All information you provide stays on your device, unless you choose to share it with us via email to send a feedback or request technical support.
​
Legal Requirements
Laundry Lens may disclose your personal data you chose to share with us via email in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Choices
​
You may opt out of notifications we may send you via push notification by changing the settings on your mobile device.
You may revoke any permissions you previously granted to us, such as permission to access your camera or camera roll, through the settings on your mobile device.
Links to Sites, Apps and Services
​
The app may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites, mobile applications and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use.
​
Children
The app is not directed at children under the age of 13. We encourage parents with concerns to contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
​
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by the email
laundrylensapp@icloud.com
.
Início: Nosso aplicativo