Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority.
This Privacy Policy applies to https://yoursoberbuddy.com (the “website” or “Site”) and SoberBuddy Corporation (“SoberBuddy” or the “Company) and governs data collection and usage on this website and any mobile app.  For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to SoberBuddy include https://yoursoberbuddy.com, the Company and any related mobile app.
SoberBuddy respects the privacy of the visitors to our site. This Privacy Policy is an agreement between the Company and you, as the user of the Site (“you”). This agreement tells you when this policy is effective, what information we collect from you, how we might use it, how you can review or change the personal information you provided to us, how we may change this policy, and the steps we take to ensure that your personal information is protected.
The Company website is an information and resource only Site for the drug and alcohol recovery community, including SoberBuddy Mail email services and the SoberBuddy merchandise store and website. By using the Company website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.
All activities in which you may engage on this website are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to us unless you choose to access features on this site which require the information. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy or other terms of use on this website, then you should immediately exit this website and discontinue using the site. If you do not agree with the terms of our privacy policy and our terms of use posted on this site, please do not provide us with personal information, and leave this website. The Terms of Use of this site are expressly incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Privacy Policy. By using this website, you signify that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy as well as to our Terms of Use.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Company may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last name
Mailing address
E-mail address
Phone number
If you purchase Company’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
A set of website features may be accessible from web-enabled mobile devices. The intent is to provide screens that are optimized for the size of the screen and operating systems. On some devices, functionality may be limited. If you access this website through a mobile device, then we may collect information about your mobile device whether or not you provide us with any other personal information.
When you visit our website we may also collect “click stream data” (server address, domain name). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us by registering, for example, which will enable us to analyze and better customize your visits. We may use click stream data for traffic analysis or e-commerce analysis of our website, to determine which features of our site are most or least effective or useful to you.
Whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While SoberBuddy strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using this Site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through this site and that any personal information, general information, or other data or information received from you through the site is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume.
A cookie is a small string of information that the website you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used for such activities as remembering your user name and password, if you use such a feature on this site. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (such as Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer, or other browser). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware, however, that when you choose to reject cookies, this choice may limit the functionality of the website you visit and you may lose access to some of its features.
Use of your Personal Information
Company collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Company may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Company and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Company does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists or information to third parties.
Company may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Company, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Company may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Company or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Company; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Company, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Company may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Company, in order to determine what Company services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Company to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Company. This information can include: your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Company website.
Links
This website contains links to other third-party websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy does not apply to such third-party websites. These links take you outside our service and off the SoberBuddy’s site and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use SoberBuddy logos as part of a co-branding agreement. Your visits and access to such other websites is at your own risk. Please note that those other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
Security of your Personal Information
Company attempts to secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure by the use of SSL Protocol.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
The Company does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail and other activities online.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Company may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Company or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Company, you may opt out of such communications by clicking the unsubscribe button on bottom of emails.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Company reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Company welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Company has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Company at:
SoberBuddy LLC
4041 MacArthur BLVD STE 400
Newport Beach, CA 92660
Email Address:
contact@yoursoberbuddy.com
Telephone number:
949-415-7365
Effective as of July 11, 2019