PRIVACY POLICY
Date of Last Revision: July 3rd, 2018
This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes how Jackpot Mobile, LLC. and its subsidiaries ("Jackpot Mobile" or "we" or "us") uses personal information in running its business. Jackpot Mobile is available from its websites, including but not limited to, www.jackpotmobile.co ("Websites") and mobile games/applications ("Mobile Apps"). We refer to our Website visitors and Mobile App users as users ("Users") of Jackpot Mobile’s Services ("Services"). Please read our “Cookie Policy” provided as Appendix B hereto. By visiting any of the Websites or using any of the Mobile Apps, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in the Privacy Policy.
1. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES JACKPOT MOBILE COLLECT?
User Provided Information
. We obtain certain information when you provide it to us: for example, if you setup your account profile, participate in a discussion board or report a problem on one of the Websites, you may provide your name, email address, your date of birth, photograph, and a list of interests such as your favorite music and television shows. Some of that information can be used by Jackpot Mobile to identify or contact you directly and is sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information.
Information from Use of our Services
. Jackpot Mobile also gathers non-personally identifiable information from Users of our Services. Non-personally identifiable information is information that usually cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include: the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifiers, anonymous IDs for advertising, operating system, mobile network information, browser type, existing applications, browsing activity and non-precise device location information (e.g., city or region). Jackpot Mobile may enable you to send messages to other Users in the Jackpot Mobile community. We ordinarily don't read the content of these messages unless we reasonably believe the Service is being misused or as required by law; we keep track of the number of messages sent and similar information to keep our Services running smoothly.
Jackpot Mobile Login
. When you login directly through Jackpot Mobile, we can access the information you provided during your account profile setup.
User Generated Content
. We may offer our Users the opportunity to post reviews, upload images and audio, and offer opinions. Such postings may appear on other websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Whenever you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on publicly viewable web pages or applications, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others and reproduced on websites or services over which we have no control. Further information is contained in the Jackpot Mobile online safety and best practices guidelines.
Facebook Connect
. When you choose to connect or login to Jackpot Mobile with your Facebook account, we can access certain information you've added on Facebook in order to provide a social and personalized experience while using the Service. We adhere to the Facebook Platform Policies which restrict how we may can access and use this information. If you log into our services via Facebook Connect, we collect information from your Facebook account, including but not limited to: your name, city, your birthday, your Facebook Connect ID, and the list of your Facebook friends.
Google +
. When you choose to connect or login to Jackpot Mobile with Google +, we can access certain information you've added on Google + in order to provide a social and personalized experience while using the Service. We adhere to the Google + Platform Developer Policies , which restrict how we may can access and use this information. If you log into our services via Google +, we collect information from your Google + account, including but not limited to: your name, city, your birthday, and contacts.
Other Login Methods
. Jackpot Mobile may also incorporate alternative log in methods not listed here, which may follow a similar protocol to the log in methods listed above.
Device Information
. When you access the Services on your wireless device, we may obtain information from your wireless carrier about the type of device you are using. We may use this information to notify you about what type of features and products from Jackpot Mobile may be available to you on your device.
Mobile Phone Number
. Certain features of the Services may require our collection of the phone number of your device. We may associate that phone number to the mobile device identification information. We will not use that number for telemarketing.
Location
. Depending on the provider, we may automatically receive general location information when you use our Services. In the future, if we begin to offer Services that use technology that pinpoints precise geolocation, we will ensure that we have your consent (an opt-in) before doing so. We may use and store this information to provide enhanced location-based Services as well as to serve location-targeted advertising without your express opt-in, which includes communication to third party Services providers who have agreed with Jackpot Mobile to keep such information confidential and only use such information to the extent necessary to perform the Services as required by Jackpot Mobile.
Jackpot Mobile Beta Users
. From time to time, Jackpot Mobile will offer to its users the opportunity to Beta test a new Mobile App or Mobile App feature. Participation is entirely voluntary. Users who elect to sign-up to Beta test these features are "Beta Users". Beta Users may be asked to provide additional personal information as part of the Beta test, such as precise geolocation, or will be able to access certain other features, such as making in-app purchases. For each Beta test, the Beta User will be provided with a disclosure about the data collection, use, and sharing practices specific to that Beta test, and will only be permitted to become a Beta User upon acceptance of those specific terms.
Cookies
. Jackpot Mobile uses a number of cookies to collect non-personal information for many purposes. You can see a list of the cookies we use in our “Cookie Policy” provided as Appendix B hereto. Please note that by using the Services you are consenting to the use of cookies.
2. HOW DOES JACKPOT MOBILE USE INFORMATION?
User Provided Information
. We use the personally identifiable information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Services to: deliver the products and services that you have requested, manage your account and provide you with customer support, communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you, and to monitor compliance with the rules governing the Services. We don't sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information from the use of our Services
. Jackpot Mobile analyzes non- personally-identifying information gathered from users of the Services to help better understand how our Services are being used and to help tailor content and advertising across the Services. By recognizing patterns and trends in usage, Jackpot Mobile is able to better design the Services to improve Users' experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use. We also may share non-personally-identifying information with third parties, including but not limited to advisors, advertisers, analytics providers, and investors, for the purpose of conducting business.
3. AD SERVING TECHNOLOGY, THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS & YOUR AD CHOICES
Jackpot Mobile reserves the right to use and disclose the collected, non-personal data for purposes of advertising by Jackpot Mobile or Jackpot Mobile’s partners and contractors.
Jackpot Mobile may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services.Jackpot Mobile or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and geo- location information (for more information regarding use of Location Data see above Paragraph 1) as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that relevant advertising is presented within the Service. Jackpot Mobile or third parties may collect and use data, for such purposes, including but not limited to, data such as IP address, Device ID, MAC address, installed software, application usage data, hardware type, Operating System information, browser information, unique identifiers in browser cookies, Flash cookies, and HTML5 local storage, Internet and on-line usage information and in-gameinformation.
The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.
Jackpot Mobile may display to you behaviorally targeted advertising. If you wish to "opt out" of certain targeted advertising, please visit
http://www.youradchoices.com
and/or
www.networkadvertising.org
.
Please note that the links above may not reach all Jackpot Mobile’s advertising partners and certain behaviorally targeted advertising may still be displayed to you. If you want to be certain that no behaviorally targeted advertisements are displayed to you, please do not use or access the Services.
Some services may include the use of in-game advertisements or brand placement. Such ads or sponsorships will be noted as such within the services. Additionally, please note that if you “opt out” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customized to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.
Some of our advertisers may allow you to purchase content such as premium in-game content. In order to facilitate the purchase of such content, our advertisers and their partners may collect additional information. Please note that this information may be used in accordance with the advertiser's privacy policy, which may be different from Jackpot Mobile’s Privacy Policy.
4. DISCLOSURES OF INFORMATION
As reasonably necessary to provide services to you, Jackpot Mobile may share non-personally identifying information or personally identifying information with its partners or affiliates, and also with third party vendors.
Jackpot Mobile may disclose your information to third parties when obligated or permitted to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. We reserve the right to disclose to third parties non-personally identifiable information collected for any lawful purpose.
Finally, Jackpot Mobile may transfer information, including any personally identifiable information, to a successor entity (or potential buyer) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change.
5. ACCESS AND CHANGES TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION; ACCOUNT TERMINATION
You may be entitled to access personally identifiable information held about you, subject to certain exemptions in accordance with the applicable data protection law. You may exercise the right at any time by contacting us at the address below and including "personal information request" in the subject line.
In addition, you may at any time review, change, or request deletion of your personally identifiable information by contacting us at jackpotmobileco@gmail.com. Upon your request via email, we will deactivate or delete your account and contact information from our active databases in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
6. SECURITY
We use reasonable electronic, personnel, and physical measures to protect information from loss, theft, alteration, or misuse. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot fully eliminate all risks. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures.
7. CHILDREN
We do not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 unless or except as permitted by law.
ANY PERSON WHO VISITS ANY OF THE WEBSITES OR USES ANY OF THE MOBILE APPS REPRESENTS TO US THAT HE OR SHE IS 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER AND HAS READ AND WILL ADHERE TO OUR “ONLINE SAFETY AND BEST PRACTICES GUIDELINES”
which is included as Appendix A hereto. If we are made aware that we have received personally identifiable information from someone under 13, Jackpot Mobile will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
8. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Jackpot Mobile may, in its sole discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Jackpot Mobile’s Privacy Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on the relevant Website or Mobile App. Where the changes are material, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details and it is within our sole discretion whether or not we choose to do so. The date of the most recent revisions will also appear on this page. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access Jackpot Mobile, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must terminate your registration with Jackpot Mobile.
Where language on the Websites or Mobile Apps contradicts that found in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy shall prevail.
9. UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
The information collected by Jackpot Mobile is hosted in the United States of America and is subject to U.S. state and federal law. If you are accessing our Services from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in the United States where data protection and privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws of your country.
BY USING OUR WEBSITES AND/OR MOBILE APPS, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY
.
CONTACT
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at jackpotmobileco@gmail.com.
APPENDIX A – ONLINE SAFETY and BEST PRACTICES
By engaging in online or mobile services, like those provided by Jackpot Mobile, you are potentially exposing yourself to safety risks. Here are some basic tips that we recommend you practice while interacting with people via the Services.
• Don't share personal information with people you meet through Jackpot Mobile Services. Personal information means "information that can be used to uniquely identify, contact, or locate a single person or can be used with other sources to uniquely identify a single individual". Here are some examples of personal information:
o Full nameo Phone numbero Bank detailso Home addresso Facebook ID or other similar IDso Websites containing information described above or information about your relatives,
friends etc.
Think twice before you share your email or instant messaging address with people via the Services. The person you shared it with may not be the one he/she claimed to be and his/her intentions may not be fully disclosed.
Don't send personal pictures to people you meet via the Services.
Be careful when opening files sent from people on the Services. They can be harmful to your
computer or it may not be the content that you think it is.
We discourage having real-life meetings with people you met via the Services. If you feel safe
and still want to do it, you should follow these guidelines:
o Always consult your parents or a trusted adult before you decide to meet someone. If possible, bring an adult to the encounter.
o Let people know where you're going and when you'll be back from the encounter.o Always arrange the meeting in a very public place like a popular coffee shop, a busy
shopping mall, or similar place.
If you decide to tell someone your age and/or gender, be honest about it. Being dishonest about your age/gender can lead to awkward, and potentially dangerous situations.
Take threats, cyberbullying and other illegal activity seriously! If you feel that someone is threatening, bullying or performing other illegal activities to you, or someone else on the Services - be quick to report this behavior to Jackpot Mobile. If you know or suspect that a criminal act has taken place or may happen, report the case to your local police.
We recommend that you take a look at these resources for more information:
http://kidshealth.org/teen/safety/safebasics/internet_safety.html http://www.wiredsafety.org/
APPENDIX B – COOKIE POLICY
Date of Last Revision: March 17th, 2017
JACKPOT MOBILE Privacy Policy
This cookie policy (the "Cookie Policy") describes how Jackpot Mobile, Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Jackpot Mobile" or "we" or "us") uses cookies in running our business. Jackpot Mobile is available from our websites, including but not limited to, www.Jackpot Mobile.co ("Websites") and mobile games/applications ("Mobile Apps"). We refer to our Website visitors and Mobile App users as users ("Users") of Jackpot Mobile’s Services ("Services"). Please read this Privacy Policy and our “Online Safety and Best Practices Guidelines” provided as Appendix A.
By visiting any of the Websites or using any of the Mobile Apps, you are accepting and consenting to the use of cookies.
COOKIES & USER PREFERENCES
A cookie is a text file that stores information on behalf of websites and certain mobile applications. We use cookies and similar technologies, such as local shared objects and web beacons (collectively "
cookies
" for the purposes of this Cookie Policy).
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Services. They include, for example, cookies that allow you to move between pages of the Websites and enable you to log in.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how Users move around the Websites or the Mobile Apps as they use them. This helps us to make improvements, such as by ensuring that Users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to the Websites or Mobile Apps. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region) and services you have used.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to the Websites or Mobile Apps, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make the Website and the Mobile App, and the advertising displayed on them, more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information – which does not include your name - with third parties for this purpose.
You may restrict our use of cookies and similar technologies via your browser or your mobile operating system preferences. If you would like to know more about cookies, the following websites provide useful information: www.allaboutcookies.org, www.youronlinechoices.eu, http://helpx.adobe.com/flash- player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html. Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may negatively impact the functionality of our Services.
PLEASE NOTE THAT BY USING THE WEBSITES OR MOBILE APPS WITHOUT BLOCKING COOKIES, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THEIR USE.
THIRD PARTY COOKIES
We allow third parties to use cookies on our Websites or Mobile Apps.
Google Analytics
. We use Google Analytics and Google Display Advertising which collect anonymous user activity data through the use of both first-party and third-party cookies. We use the Google Display Advertising features, which collect data through the third-party DoubleClick cookie, in order to serve you with relevant advertising after you leave our Websites; provide us with information about how our use of various advertising services is related to visits to our Websites; and identify trends in how our Services are being used, and by what demographics, and publish those trends in reports for internal use. Unless we first obtain your consent, we do not attempt to link the reports to identifiable Users.
Google Analytics collects your IP address. We also use your IP address information to learn the geographical locations where our Services are being used.
We will not merge your personal information with information collected through the DoubleClick cookie without first providing you with notice of the merger and obtaining your opt-in consent.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Google's Ads Settings.
You can learn more here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662856?hl=en&ref_topic=2971788. You may also opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which is available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
COOKIE POLICY CHANGES
Jackpot Mobile may, in its sole discretion, change this Cookie Policy from time to time. Any and all changes to Jackpot Mobile’s Cookie Policy will be reflected here and the date new versions are posted will be stated at the top of this Cookie Policy. Non-material changes and clarifications will take effect immediately, and material changes will take effect within 30 days of their posting on the relevant Website or Mobile App. Where the changes are material, we may also choose to email all our registered users with the new details and it is within our sole discretion whether or not we choose to do so. The date of the most recent revisions will also appear on this page. If you do not agree with this Cookie Policy, please do not use or access the Jackpot Mobile Services, and if you do not agree to any changes we make in the future, you must terminate your use of and registration with any Jackpot Mobile Service.
Where language on the Websites or Mobile Apps contradicts that found in this Cookie Policy, this Cookie Policy shall prevail.
CONTACT
If you have any questions regarding our Cookie Policy, please contact us at: Email: jackpotmobileco@gmail.com