Available Apps
Squad Timing
Track and Field Scorebook
Player Timing
Splat Math
Farmer Math
Calculator For Social Security
Free Typing Lessons.club App
Type the Bible
About
Privacy
Support
App Ratings and Review Monitor
Lightning-fast feedback and analytics with your privacy coming first!
Why this app?
Monitor your app ratings for all your apps in a single tap!
If you're like me, getting negative feedback about one of your apps is very discouraging.  With trepidation, I would daily click a ton of links to see if anyone has rated my apps or shared with the world their reasoning for a 1- or 5-star review.
This app saves you from this daily time-consuming ritual:
Logging into App Connect
Clicking 'My Apps'
Clicking the app you want monitor
Clicking 'Ratings and Reviews'
Repeating the process for each of your apps
Nothing can take the frustration of a 1-star review away, but this app can help you save time while doing a dreaded chore.
Unlike other analytics companies, this app will not track the apps you are watching or searching.  Some analytic companies track the apps you are searching for, the apps you are viewing, your revenue (if you grant them access), and many other things.  They then sell your data to potential competitors.  With App Ratings and Review Monitor the apps you monitor and search are private and your valuable data won't be sold to potential competitors.
Results for all apps are shown immediately on launch
Quickly view all the results for each app in a selected region.
View an App's Ratings in all Countries
Select one, or all the App Store countries that you want to view ratings for.  In one press you can compare how your app is doing in every app market in the world!
View Reviews
Either from the home screen or the multiple countries screen tap the app or the country to view specific reviews for the selected app in the activated territory.
Finding Apps
Enter the name of the app you're looking for, or if you have a stubborn app that doesn't show up (typically apps written only for iPads), you can enter the appID to look it up directly.
Data Privacy
The developer of App Ratings and Review Monitor does not collect any personal information about you or how you use this app.  The apps that you search for within the app are private to only you, and the apps that you are monitoring are also private to you.  I do not have access to your personal information, so it remains in your control.
3rd Party Content
This app uses Apple Internet Services APIs.  The privacy policy for these services can be found here: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/terms/site.html
Terms and Conditions
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app.
You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to Paul Schorey.
Support
If you have suggestions, find a bug, or need help please
email me
.