EasyShare Privacy Terms
Last updated: May 15, 2022
vivo (hereinafter referred to as "we", or "us”) is the provider of EasyShare (the "Service") and the organization responsible for the personal data processed with respect to the Service. You can use the Service in iOS system. We care about your privacy and think it important that you know why and how we process your personal data.
For the data processing and relevant purposes, please kindly note the following:
• EasyShare processes the data regarding your contacts,
images, videos,
calendar with algorithm on your device for the basic functions of one-touch device switch and document transfer between devices of iOS system, and from the devices of iOS system to devices of Android system. Meanwhile, EasyShare also processes your device model, software operation system and software version information with algorithm on your device to display name of the devices for identifying whether iOS system supports the basic functions of the EasyShare. Please kindly note such personal data above will not be collected, accessed by us or be uploaded to our servers.
• For the purpose of confirmation of your consent record for our Privacy Terms and your authorization of data collection, when you use the EasyShare for the first time, we will collect your time zones, languages, click records of your consent to the Privacy Terms, the unique identifier generated by EasyShare when using the Service and the Privacy Terms version information.
For the data which EasyShare processes with algorithm on your device, it will not be collected, accessed by us or be uploaded to our servers. Personal data related to the consent record will be retained for five years from your last interaction with us. Once the retention period expires, we will delete or anonymise your personal data, unless otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.
To provide the same level of data protection as that of the user's country/region and respond to users' requests more efficiently, the location where data is stored varies for users in different countries/regions. Please refer to the
Storage and International Transfer
section in our Privacy Policy to find out where your personal data is stored.
You may at any time choose to withdraw your consent to processing your data by tapping the
Withdraw consent
button under
Setting > Other > EasyShare Privacy Terms
which can be found in the upper right-hand corner of EasyShare. If you withdraw the consent, your data will be stopped processing until you re-agree to the Privacy Terms.
If you have any questions about the Privacy Terms or our processing of your personal data, if you need to report a problem or contact our Data Protection Officer, or if you would like to exercise one of your rights under data protection and privacy laws, please tap
here
or use the contact details below. We will seek to deal with your request without undue delay, and in any event within any time limits provided for in applicable data protection laws.
Email:
privacy@vivo.com
All the practices mentioned in the Privacy Terms will be performed in accordance with our
Privacy Policy
, from which you may also find more details about our practices.
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.vivo.com/global/about-vivo/privacy-policy:
We're sorry but privacy_web_user doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.
vivo Privacy Center
Overview
Privacy Policy
Privacy Support
en
Choose your country or region
AFRICA
Algérie - Français
Angola - Português
Côte d'Ivoire - Français
Ghana - English
Kenya - English
Maroc - Français
Nigeria - English
South Africa - English
Tanzania - English
Tunisien - Français
المغرب - اللغة العربية
مصر - اللغة العربية
ASIA PACIFIC
Australia - English
Azərbaycan - Azərbaycan
Bangladesh - English
Bhutan - English
India - English
Indonesia - Indonesia
Malaysia - English
Myanmar - Pусский
Nepal - English
O'zbekiston - o'zbek
Pakistan - English
Papua New Guinea - English
Philippines - English
Singapore - English
Sri Lanka - English
Việt Nam - Tiếng Việt
Азербайджан - Pусский
Казахстан - русский
Кыргызстан - Pусский
Таджикистан - Pусский
Узбекистан - Pусский
Қазақстан - қазақ
البحرين - اللغة العربية
الكويت - اللغة العربية
اليمن - اللغة العربية
تونس - اللغة العربية
دولة قطر - اللغة العربية
سلطنة عمان - اللغة العربية
ประเทศไทย - ไทย
ປະເທດລາວ - ພາສາລາວ
မြန်မာ - ဗမာ
საქართველოს - ქართული
ខ្មែរ - ខ្មែរ
中国 - 简体中文
EUROPE
Bosna i Hercegovina - Bosanski
Česko - Česko
Crna Gora - Srpski
Deutschland - Deutsch
España - Español
France - Français
Hrvatska - Hrvatski
Ireland - English
Italia - Italiano
Magyarország - magyar
Nederland - Nederlands
Österreich - Deutsch
Polska - Polski
Portugal - Português
România - Română
Shqipëria - Shqip
Slovenija - Slovenščina
Slovensko - Slovenský
Türkiye - Türkçe
United Kingdom - English
Ελλάδα - Ελληνικά
Κύπρος - Ελληνικά
Беларусь - русский
България - български
Македонија - Македонски
Россия - Pусский
Србија - Српски
Україна - Українська
LATIN AMERICA
Chile - Español
Colombia - Español
México - Español
Panamá - Español
Perú - Español
MIDDLE EAST
Bahrain - English
Kuwait - English
Oman - English
Qatar - English
Saudi Arabia - English
United Arab Emirates - English
Yemen - English
ישראל - עִבְרִית
الأردن - اللغة العربية
الإمارات العربية المتحدة - اللغة العربية
العراق - اللغة العربية
المملكة العربية السعودية - اللغة العربية
لبنان - اللغة العربية