TERMS AND CONDITIONS for our Customers –
Foodie Save
Unit 11
Humbert Mall
Castlebar
Co, Mayo
1. GENERAL
1.1. Company details: Foodie Save is a company registered in Ireland with registered company number 667 032, whose registered office is at Unit 11, Humbert Mall, Castlebar, Co. Mayo
1.2. VAT number: Our VAT number is 36 80 679 SH.
2. DEFINITIONS
2.1 “Agreed Price” the amount the Yummy Bag sells for on the App.
2.2 “Agreement” is the cooperation between Foodie Save and its Partners.
2.3 “App” means the application service provided by Foodie Save for mobile devices.
2.4 “Collection Time” means the agreed time that the Partner and the Customer agreed for the collection of the Product at the Business Address.
2.5 “Collection Window” the time frame that the Partner enters into the App upon which the customer must collect their Yummy Bag from the Partner’s premises. If the Customer fails to collect the Yummy Bag within the Collection Window, the sale remains valid and the Customer will not be entitled to a refund.
2.6 “The Company” refers to the company registered and trading as Foodie Save Limited, registered in Ireland with registered company number 667 032, whose registered office is at Unit 11, Humbert Mall, Castlebar, Co. Mayo.
2.7 “Customers” are the end users of the Products.
2.8 “Customer Terms and Conditions” are the terms and conditions that are set out in the App in respect of the Customers agreement to usage of the App.
2.9 “Menu” means the list of food or other Products that the Partners may have available for making up the contents of the Yummy Bag.
2.10 “Order” is the legal contract for the supply and purchase of Products between the Customer and the Partners with whom the Order is placed with and Foodie Save will conclude the sale of Products on behalf of, and agent for the Partners in all cases. The contract is solely between the Partner and the Customer. The contract is not with Foodie Save. The Order is not binding until the Customer collects the Order and the Swipe Function on the Foodie Save App is swiped.
2.11 “Order Button” seen on the App as BUY NOW and PAY is the part of the App giving confirmation to Foodie Save that you have confirmed that you are ordering a particular Yummy Bag from a particular Partner.
2.12 “Order Confirmation” is the email or notification received confirming that the Order has been received and will be fulfilled.
2.13 “Partners” means the supermarkets, restaurants, hotels, other retailers and other members of the commercial food service sector that are signed up to use the App.
2.14 “Placing an Order” is the act of pressing the BUY NOW button on the App. Thereafter, the Customer must click the UNDERSTOOD button that confirms that you agree that if you have any allergy or dietary requirements that you will contact the Partner about those specific requirements in relation to your purchase of the Yummy Bag, Clicking the BUY NOW button again and clicking the PAY button.
2.15 “Privacy Policy” means the supplemental document that is to the App in respect of Customer’s privacy.
2.16 “Products” are the surplus food and other products provided.
2.17 “Swipe Function” means a type of confirmation that appears on the App after the Customer places an Order with the Partner. This Swipe Function must be swiped when the customer is physically in the Partner’s premises and is collecting the Yummy Bag. The act of swiping finalizes the purchase.
2.18 “Terms” are the Terms and Conditions contained herein.
2.19 “Yummy Bag” means the food and other products made available to the Customers by the Partners.
3. FOODIE SAVE MODEL
3.1 The Products are made available for sale on the App, and Customers may reserve the Products by Placing an Order on the App. The Products are reserved when Foodie Save confirms through an Order Confirmation. Once the Order Confirmation goes through the Swipe Function will appear (when you click into the green “Your Order” ribbon) on the App for when the Customer goes to the Partners Premises at the Collection Time and uses the Swipe Function to complete the Order.
3.2 The Customer pays for the purchased Product to Foodie Save via the App and Foodie Save arranges the purchase of the Product from the Partners.
3.3 Foodie Save arranges the sale of Products on the App on behalf of the Partners and no contractual relationship shall exist between Foodie Save and the Customer with regard to the Products or the sale of Products. Foodie Save has no responsibilities in respect of the Products or fulfilment of the agreement between the Partners and the Customer.
3.4 Foodie Save merely facilitates the purchase of the Products on behalf of the Partners and is thus merely acting as a payment agent on behalf of the Partners.
4. ORDER
4.1 In respect of placing an Order on the App the Customer must be:-
a. Aged at least 18 years old;
b. Legally capable of entering into binding agreements;
c. In possession of a valid debit, credit card or other payment means available for payment on the App;
d. Shopping in a personal capacity and not in a business capacity;
e. Acknowledges that the Company is carrying out its business in English;
f. Agrees that Foodie Save can save their details and information which are necessary to conduct the transaction and that such details and information can be saved in accordance with Foodie Save’s Privacy Policy;
g. Agrees to receive an Order Confirmation from Foodie Save in respect of the Order placed by the Customer.
h. Agrees to use the Swipe Function when picking up the Order at the Collection Time.
i. Agrees that Foodie Save reserves the right to revise and amend the Terms from time to time. The Customer’s Order will be subject to the Terms applicable at the time when the Customer placed the Order.
5. FOODIE SAVE’S CONTACT INFORMATION
5.1 Foodie Save
Unit 11
Humbert Mall
Castlebar
Co. Mayo
Email: service@foodiesave.com
Website: www.foodiesave.com
6. PRODUCT INFORMATION
6.1 It is accepted by the Customer that Foodie Save’s model is to implement the contract between the Customer and the Partner for the Yummy Bag and that Foodie Save has no input whatsoever in relation to the Yummy Bags or fulfilment of the contract between the Partner and the Customer.
6.2 It is accepted by the Customer that Foodie Save are not responsible for the manufacturing, sale, purchase, storage, preparation, production, processing, marking, packing, delivery and/or handling of the Yummy Bags, as well as providing information regarding ingredients and allergens of the Yummy Bags, where applicable.
6.3 It is accepted by the Customer that Foodie Save are not responsible for the fulfilment of the contractual obligations towards the Customer and for compliance with applicable legislation, including applicable food regulations, food safety and safe methods regarding manufacturing, sale, purchase, storage, preparation, production, processing, labelling, delivery and handling of foodstuff.
6.4 The Partners are obligated to carry out all orders of Yummy Bags to Customers in a timely and safe manner, dutifully and with the requisite care of a conscientious business, as if the Yummy Bags were being sold directly through the Partners’ business.
6.5 The Partners agree to provide to Foodie Save with all information required in order to comply with its obligations under this Agreement
7. ORDERING OF A YUMMY BAG
7.1 A list of the Partners can be found on the App. If the Customer has permitted the App to use location services, the App will track the Customer’s location and the list will show stores near the Customer. Once the Customer has selected the Partner and the type of Yummy Bag, the Customer will be given the opportunity to submit his or her Order by clicking the Order Button.
7.2 If using location services, the list provided will be based on your geographical location. However, the Customer can bypass using location services and manually select a location via Google maps for a specific geographical location that the Customer would like to view the list of Partners Stores for.
7.3 The Partners that are active and have Yummy Bags available will appear on the App.
7.4 The Yummy Bags available on the App is merely an invitation to treat to the Customer.
7.5 An Order made by the Customer via the App is considered an offer by the Customer to the Partner to purchase a Yummy Bag. The Order shall be accepted by the Partner at that Collection Time and, hence, the Order shall be final and binding upon the Partner and Customer upon the Collection of the Yummy Bag and the Customer using the Swipe Function on the App and is subject to the limitations of the cancellation rights due to the nature of the Model, as described in Clause 9 below.
8. ORDER CONFIRMATION
8.1 Upon receiving the Order, Foodie Save will begin processing it by sending the reservation to the relevant Partner, Foodie Save will notify the Customer that the Order has been received by way of Order Confirmation and is being processed by the Partner. Please note that any Order Confirmation that the Customer may receive on the App simply signifies that the Order has been received and is being processed and does not mean that the Order has been accepted by the Partner.
8.2 The Order Confirmation should be saved by the Customer.. There will be a copy of the Order Confirmation on the App also. The Order Confirmation will contain information regarding the Order placed by the Customer. Please note that the Order Confirmation does not mean that the Order is accepted, but is merely a confirmation of receipt of the Order.
8.3 The Customer must not swipe the Swipe Function until they are in the Partners premises. If they swipe the swipe function their payment will be taken and will become non-refundable except for the clauses as outlined in Clause 9 below.
9. CANCELLATION
9.1 Foodie Save’s model is for the avoidance of both food wastage and other Products. Therefore, if the Partners have no excess Products, the Partner may cancel the Order up until two hours before the beginning of the Collection Time. In this case, the Customer will receive a cancellation notification from Foodie Save or the Partner via a notification from the App provided that the contact information provided by the Customer to Foodie Save is accurate and that permission to receive such notifications has been given.
9.2 Since the Products are perishable goods and Foodie Save’s Model is to avoid waste of food and other products, the Customer can only cancel the Order up until two hours before the beginning of the Collection Time. However, the Customer may cancel the Order until Collection Time, if the cancelation is due to ingredients, allergens or other labelling related information regarding the Yummy Bag.
9.3 The decision to cancel an Order shall be made by the Customer to Foodie Save via the cancellation button in the App. If the Customer cancels the Order outside of the rights set out above, the Customer will not be entitled to refund.
10. COLLECTION WINDOW
10.1 Yummy Bags reserved on the App must be collected by the Customer at the stated address of the Partner. The Collection Window will by the time stated by the Partner on the App. The Partner’s premises will be adequately described and details about when and where the Yummy Bags can be picked up will appear on the App. These details will also be provided in the Order Confirmation. If the Customer arrives at the Partner’s address before the Collection Time, it is requested that they wait outside until the Collection Time. Be aware that if the Customer arrives too late, the Partner’s premises may be closed and/or the Yummy Bag may be unavailable. In the event that the Customer arrives late for the Collection Window, the transaction is finalised and the Customer will not be entitled to a refund.
10.2 Should a Customer miss the Collection Window, the Partner is entitled to sell the Yummy Bag to another customer if the Customer does not collect the Order at the Collection Time as agreed. In this event, Foodie Save is entitled to charge the Agreed Price from the Customer.
10.3 At the Collection Time, the Customer shall show the Order Confirmation on the App to one of the Partner’s employees, and thereafter use the Swipe Function on the App to advise Foodie Save that they have collected the Yummy Bag. It is the Customer’s responsibility to ensure that the Order Confirmation in the App can be shown at the Collection Time and that the Swipe Function is utilised. The Customer is required to make sure that the Yummy Bag received corresponds to the Order.
11. PRICE
11.1 Unless otherwise indicated, all prices are in Euro (€) as the App is currently only available in the Republic of Ireland. The price will be inclusive of VAT. The actual value of the Yummy Bag will be advised to the Customer on the App. This will be the minimum value of the Products had they not been sold as surplus food.
12. PAYMENT
12.1 The Customer can pay with all major debit and credit cards as well as Paypal and any other payment methods which may be made available from time to time on the App.
If using credit or debit card, the Customer must enter the card number, the expiration date and the security code when placing an Order.
Upon placing an Order, the amount stipulated on the App for the Yummy Bag will be the Agreed Price. Upon placing the Order, the Customer is agreeing that the Agreed Price can be deducted from his or her account. The Agreed Price is charged to the Customer´s account upon the Order of the Yummy Bag. If the Order is cancelled in accordance with these Terms, the Agreed Price is refunded to Customer.
12.2 The Agreed Price is collected by Foodie Save from the Customer on behalf of the Partner. Foodie Save may amend, modify or restructure the payment procedure for its Customers, as it deems reasonable.
12.3 The App will be using PCI compliant Payment Service Providers. Payment by debit or credit card on the App is secure and certified by the card issuer. All payments are made through an encrypted internet connection.
12.4 Foodie Save does not store any debit or credit card information. Such information is handled by the Payment Service Providers. However, such information may be stored by the Payment Service Providers.
If the Customer’s credit card or payment method is rejected when trying to pay for an order, the Customer should verify that the entered information is correct. If the Customer has corrected the error and the credit card is still rejected, Foodie Save recommends that the Customer contacts the credit card provider.
12.5 The Customer agrees that once they have submitted an Order by use of a credit or debit card and the payment has been authorised, the bank or card issuer will reserve the full amount of the Order. If the Order is subsequently rejected by the Partner or cancelled for any other reason in accordance with these Terms, the bank or card issuer will not transfer the funds for the Order to Foodie Save and will instead refund the Customer by releasing the relevant amount back into the Customer’s available balance. However, this may take up to 10 working days (or longer, depending on the Customer’s bank or card issuer), and Foodie Save does not have authority to make enquiries to a Customer’s bank or card issuer on specific payment issues. The Customer must follow up with his or her own bank or card issuer.
12.6 By accepting these Terms, the Customer accepts the method of payment set out above and acknowledges and agrees that Foodie Save is not responsible or liable to the Customer in relation to the above.
13. ALLERGENS
13.1 The Customer can find information about the Products and a description of the Yummy Bags on the App. This information is only instructive and for the purpose of giving the Customer the best prerequisites for evaluating selected Yummy Bags before making their Order. There may be instances where the App is not updated and where the actual product range, stocked items etc. is not as stated on the App. In such cases, Foodie Save has no liability to the Customer. It is the Partners that are responsible for providing information about the Yummy Bags and to ensure that such information provided is factually accurate and up-to-date. If you have concerns about the allergens and the list of allergens are not listed on the app, contact the partner before placing your order. Foodie Save does not undertake any such responsibility and, hence, has no liability for the contents of or availability of information regarding the Yummy Bag.
13.2 If the Customer is in doubt about allergy warnings, contents of a Yummy Bag or any other dietary requirements, the Customer should contact the Partner directly before ordering. The Partner’s contact information will appear on the App. The Customer may always cancel the Order, if the cancelation is due to ingredients, allergens or other labelling related information regarding the Yummy Bag.
13.3 At the Collection Time, the Partner shall provide the Customer with information regarding list of ingredients, allergens and other labelling related information regarding the Yummy Bag, if requested by the Customer. Any Products purchased via the Foodie Save App shall be consumed immediately after the Collection Time within a safe period and/or as instructed by the Product Label or as advised by the Partner. Foodie Save will not assume any liability for Customers’ adverse reactions from Yummy Bags for any reasons, including if consumed inconsistently with the labelling or the information set out in these terms or given directly by the Partners.
13.4 Foodie Save is not liable or responsible for any failure to perform or any delay in the performance of any obligations relating to the Yummy Bags, including with respect to manufacturing, sale, purchase, storage, preparation, production, processing, marking, delivery, quality, ingredients, allergens or handling of the Yummy Bags or their contents.
14. COMPLAINTS
14.1 In case of a complaint concerning a Yummy Bag or its contents, the Customer shall address the complaint to the Customer Service of Foodie Save before considering any other action. Foodie Save will investigate all complaints and any resolution by Foodie Save regarding the issue is entirely up to Foodie Save.
14.2 In the event that the resolution provided by Foodie Save does not conclude the matter to the satisfaction of the Customer, these Terms do not limit the means available to the Customer to resolve the dispute it has with the Partner under legislation. The Customer’s rights under consumer protection legislation and other statutory legislation regarding purchase of goods and supply of services are still available to the Customer.
14.3 All complaints are investigated exclusively in the first instance by Foodie Save and the Customer shall direct their complaints to Foodie Save and not the Partner from whom they made a purchase.
14.4 The Customer shall verify the transaction made through the App by producing the Order Confirmation and receipt to Foodie Save.
14.5 In case of a complaint, the Customer shall contact Foodie Save via the complaint button on the App and fill out the nature of their complaint. After receiving the complaint, Foodie Save will process the complaint in cooperation with the relevant Partner, if necessary, and the Customer will receive a reply from Foodie Save within 14 business days. Customers contact details can be used for Foodie Save to contact them for any issues regarding the app and the apps service.
14.6 In case the Customer is not satisfied with Foodie Save’s reply or proposed resolution, the Customer may submit a complaint to the Competition and Consumer Protection Commission.
15. CUSTOMER REVIEWS AND TESTIMONIALS
15.1 In particular (but without limitation), any reviews that the Customer submits through the App may not:
· contain any defamatory, obscene or offensive material;
· promote violence or discrimination;
· infringe the intellectual property rights of another person or legal entity;
· breach any legal duty owed to a third party (such as a duty of confidence);
· promote illegal activity or invade another’s privacy;
· give the impression that they originate from us; or
· be used to impersonate another person or to misrepresent your affiliation with another person.
15.2 Foodie Save does not control, modify or edit any reviews posted, except that Foodie Save is entitled to remove or edit at any time any reviews posted, uploaded or transmitted to the App in the event that the review breaches one or more of the prohibitions mentioned above or is otherwise deemed fraudulent.
15.3 The reviews contained on the App are for information purposes only and do not constitute advice from Foodie Save. Reviews reflect the opinions of customers who have ordered through the App or other third parties, and any statements, advice or opinions provided by such persons are theirs only. Accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Foodie Save assume no responsibility or liability to any person for any reviews, including without limitation any mistakes, defamation, obscenity, omissions or falsehoods that the Customer may encounter in any such reviews.
15.4 Foodie Save is entitled to store the reviews and are entitled to use the reviews for any and all marketing purposes. The Customer will not receive compensation or benefits from making reviews through the App. There may be a delay between the filing of the review and the publishing hereof.
16. CUSTOMER BEHAVIOUR
16.1 Customers are requested to show respect for the Partner’s employees and other customers, as well as Foodie Save´s employees.
16.2 The Customer is advised that in case of inappropriate behaviour towards any of the Partner’s employees, other customers or users or against any Foodie Save employees, or should the Customer perpetrate a crime against or at the Partner’s premises in connection with the use of the App, or violates the code of conduct rules of the Partner or Foodie Save or any other similar behaviour, Foodie Save may, in particular after complaints made by the Partner, ban, exclude or suspend the Customer from the App. The intervention of Foodie Save does not deprive the Partner of the means and rights at its disposal to obtain possible reparations and they are entitled to involve an Garda Siochana, if necessary.
16.3 Foodie Save reserves the right to block a Customer from using the App, if deemed necessary, without explanation.
17. LIABILITY
17.1 Foodie Save shall not be liable for losses arising out of or in connection with (i) matters for which a Partner bears the responsibility, (ii) faults of third parties or through non-attributable interruption of availability of the App; (iii) Orders by Customers made using fraudulently obtained payment data or other contractual data (e.g. the “phishing” of credit card data, identity theft etc.); and (iv) similar events as set out under (i) – (iii).
17.2 Foodie Save is not liable or responsible for any failure or non-compliance with respect to its use if such failure is caused by circumstances outside Foodie Save’s control. Such circumstances may be but is not limited to disruptions in the operation of Foodie Save or its App and/or the Partner as a result of legislation, acts of state or public authorities, pandemics, epidemics, acts of war, terrorism, strikes, physical blockades, lockouts and natural disasters.
17.3 Foodie Save shall only be liable for direct losses and shall in no event be liable for indirect or consequential losses. In all events, except in the event of fraud or wilful misconduct, Foodie Save´s liability is limited to the amount of DKK.
17.4 Foodie Save is not responsible for the product liability of its Partners.
17.5 Foodie Save is in not liable to the Customer if there is alleged food poisoning in connection with the consumption of the contents of the Yummy Bag. Liability for same will rest with the Partner that provided the Yummy Bag.
17.6 Foodie Save is in not liable to the Customer it there is an alleged foreign body found in the contents of the Yummy Bag. Liability for same will rest with the Partner that provided the Yummy Bag.
18. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
18.1 The Customer may use the App and print and download extracts from the App for his or her personal non-commercial use on the following basis:
The Customer must not misuse the App (including hacking or “scraping”).
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and other intellectual property rights in the App and in material published on it (including without limitation photographs and graphical images) are owned by Foodie Save or Foodie Save’s licensors. These works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world and all rights are reserved. For the purposes of these Terms, any use of extracts from the App other than in accordance with this clause 18 is prohibited.
The Customer may not modify the digital or paper copies of any materials that he or she prints in accordance with this clause 18 and the Customer may not use any pictures, photographs or any other graphics, video or audio sequences separately from any accompanying text.
The Customer shall ensure that App’s status as the author of the material on the App is always acknowledged and referenced.
The Customer is not allowed to use any of the materials on the App or the App itself for commercial purposes without obtaining a license from App to do so.
Except as stated in this clause 18, the App may not be used, and no part of the App may be reproduced or stored in any other App or included in any public or private electronic retrieval system or service, without Foodie Save’s prior written permission.
19. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms and Conditions and any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Ireland.
20. JURISDICTION
Each Party irrevocably agrees that the courts of Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute or claim (including non-contractual disputes or claims) arising out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or its subject matter or formation.