Privacy notice
At Unusual Whales (“we”, “us”, or “Unusual Whales”) we take your privacy very seriously. Please read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information on how and why we collect, store, use, and share your personal information. It also explains your rights in relation to your personal information.
Personal Information We Collect About You. We may collect and use the following personal information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonable capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household:
User Account Data: We collect users name, email address and passwords when creating user accounts.
Additional Data You Provide: additional personal data may be collected through customer support, feedback that you provide and responses to surveys and questionnaires.
How Your Personal Information is Collected. We collect this personal information directly from you through our website and apps, and by text or email. However, we may also collect information automatically:
From cookies on our website which automatically collect certain types of usage and device information when you use our Services, including IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp, a unique device or account ID, usage information and other similar information; and
Via our services: We collect information about your activity on our services, including actions you take (like logging in, logging out, downloading data files, pages or features you use, time and date of access, and other similar usage information). We use this information to provide, improve, and promote our services.
Why Your Personal Information is Collected.
The collection of your personal information is required for us to provide our services to you. If you do not provide this personal information, it may delay or prevent us from providing services to you. We also collect some personal information for operational reasons such as maintaining and improving our services, training and quality control.
Promotional Communications. We may use your personal information to send you updates (by email or text message) about our products and services, including exclusive offers, promotions or new products or services.
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for promotional purposes (see above “Why Your Personal Information is Collected”). This means we do not usually need your consent to send you promotional communications. However, where consent is needed, we will ask for this consent separately and clearly.
We will always treat your personal information with the utmost respect and we do not sell or share your personal information with other organizations for marketing purposes (see below “Who We Share Your Personal Information With”).
You have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time by:
Contacting us at support@unusualwhales.com;
Updating your preferences in the account settings page; or,
Using the “unsubscribe” link in emails or “STOP” number in texts, if applicable.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to provide further products or services in the future, or if there are changes in the law, regulation, or the structure of our business.
Who We Share Your Personal Information With. We routinely share personal information with:
Service providers we use to help deliver our services to you, such as payment service providers;
Other third parties we use to help us run our business, such as data centers or website hosts which may store your information on our behalf;
Third parties and connected services approved by you, including instant messaging and social media platforms you choose to utilize as part of the service;
We only allow our service providers to handle your personal information if we are satisfied they take appropriate measures to protect your personal information. We also impose contractual obligations on service providers relating to ensure they can only use your personal information to provide services to us and to you. We may also share personal information with external auditors, law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such during a business merger or re-structuring. We will typically anonymize information, but this may not always be possible. The recipient of the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.
We do not sell any personal information collected from your use of the service.
Where Your Personal Information is Held. Information may be held with our third party service providers as described above (see above: “Who We Share Your Personal Information with”).
How Long Your Personal Information Will Be Kept. We will keep your personal information while you have an account with us or while we are providing services to you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is necessary:
To respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf;
To show that we treated you fairly; or
To keep records required by law.
We will not retain your personal information for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. Different retention periods apply for different types of personal information. When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information, we will delete or anonymize it.
Your Rights Under the CCPA. If you are a California resident you have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to exercise free of charge:
opt-out of the sale of personal information,
know about personal information collected, disclosed or sold,
to request deletion of personal information, and
to be treated without discrimination should you exercise these rights.
More information regarding the sources from which we collect personal information can be found above in the section titled “Personal Information We Collect About You”; business and commercial purposes for which we collect your personal information can be found above in the section titled “Why Your Personal Information is Collected”; categories of recipients with whom personal information is shared or sold can be found in the section above titled “Who We Share Your Personal Information With.”
To make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act, or for any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at support@unusualwhales.com. We may verify the request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. If you designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf, we will additionally require verification that the person is authorized to act on your behalf.
Keeping Your Personal Information Secure. We have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost or used or accessed in an unauthorized way. We limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to access it. Those processing your information will do so only in an authorized manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
We do not Collect Information from Children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 on these services. In the event we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at support@unusualwhales.com.
More Information and How to Exercise Your Rights. If you would like more information on our privacy policies or wish to exercise any of your rights as described in this Privacy Notice, please:
Email us at support@unusualwhales.com.
Please note that you may only make a CCPA-related data access or data portability disclosure request twice within a 12-month period.
Changes to This Privacy Notice. This privacy notice was published on Feb 7 2023 and last updated on Feb 7 2023.
We may change or update this privacy notice from time to by posting the new notice on our website and in our apps. We may additionally provide notice through the service or by email that the notice has been updated, however, you should regularly review this Privacy Notice to stay informed of our policies and practices.