Privacy Policy
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
a. We collect personally identifiable information when you voluntarily provide it to us.
We collect personally identifiable information from you in several different ways on the Site. Personally identifiable information means information that can reasonably used to identify you personally, such as your name, username(s), birth date, phone number, and email address). We collect such information when you voluntarily provide it to us (such as when you complete an online account registration, subscription form, contest or sweepstakes entry or comment submission). You can choose not to provide the requested information, but you might not be able to take advantage of certain Site features.
b. We automatically collect information about your browser or device, your use of the Site, and your browsing or search history when you interact with us.
When you access and use the Site and app, our technology and tools automatically collect and record certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Site (including your IP address, your browser type, the make and model of device used to view the Site, location information, unique device identifiers, and other information relating to your use of the Site, browser or device).
We also use cookies, pixels, web beacons, device or HTML5 local storage and caching, java script and other similar technologies to collect information about your use of and access to the Site, content or advertisements you view, and related to your activities on the Internet. Cookies are small bits of information that may be placed on your computer by web sites you visit, applications you use, or advertisements you view. Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are, unless you or a third-party gives us personally identifiable information, which may then be linked to the data stored in the cookie. Pixels (or pixel tags, web beacons or clear GIFs) are small blocks of code placed on a web page or application that read and place cookies and transmit certain information, such as a browser or device’s IP address, when and how often the pixel was viewed, an identifier associated with the browser or device, or the type of browser being used.
c. Third-parties may also automatically collect information about you.
Some advertisements or embedded content on the Site are served by third-party advertising companies or third-party content providers. Please note that these companies may also use cookies or other similar technologies to collect information about you, both on the Site and throughout the Internet. We do not have control over third-party information collection and use.
d. We may build a profile about you based on information you voluntarily provide us, information we automatically collect from you, and information obtained from third-parties.
We may combine information provided by or collected from you in connection with your use of the Site with information provided by you to us in other ways, information we obtain from third-party market researchers, information provided to us via your use of social media platforms, public information or other third-party information sources.
2. USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We collect and use the types of information described above to assist in the administration and operation of the Site and to provide you an efficient, meaningful, and customized experience. We may use the information to:
Fulfill our obligations with respect to any reason you volunteered the information (e.g., to respond to an inquiry, administer a contest or sweepstakes, deliver a newsletter, etc.);
Allow you to participate in interactive features of the Site;
Deliver marketing, advertising, and promotional messages to you;
Improve the Site or our products and services;
Optimize your experience on the Site (e.g., troubleshooting technical programs, storing your preferences, etc.);
Show you relevant Site content and advertising on and off the Site, and analyze Site content and advertising;
Notify you about changes to the Site or our services (including this Privacy Policy); and
3. ADVERTISING
We use collected information to serve relevant, customized advertising to you. Such advertising (and analysis of advertising) may be conducted by us or third-parties. Your information may be shared with third-parties for advertising delivery, contextual advertising and reporting on such advertising. Generally, these third-parties do not have the right to use this information beyond the scope needed to execute or support advertising.
Some advertisers and services we use to deliver advertising may be engaging in online behavioral advertising and interest-based advertising. You can read more about online behavioral, interest-based advertising, and related practices here:
Network Advertising Initiative : http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising
Digital Advertising Alliance LINK: http://www.aboutads.info/
Interactive Advertising Bureau link: http://www.iab.net/
4. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND THIRD-PARTY EMBEDDED CONTENT.
We do not control the privacy policies of third-party web sites, our affiliates, and business partners which may be accessed, directly or indirectly, through your use of the Site. Any information you provide to, or that is collected by, third-party sites may be subject to the privacy policies of those sites (including third-party content embedded on the Site), if any. It is up to you to review the terms of use and privacy policy of third-party websites or third-party content originators.
5. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
a. Partners and Service Providers.
We may provide collected information to our business partners, clients, licensees, and service providers. They may use your information to perform services for us.
b.Advertisers or Advertising Networks.
We may provide collected information (either alone or combined with information provided by third-parties or public information) about users of the Site on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers to help them reach the kind of audience they want to target.
c. Law Enforcement and Safety.
We may also share or disclose your information to comply with a court order or other legal obligation, to enforce the Site terms of use, and to protect the rights, property or safety of our users and other third-parties. We may disclose information to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we determine, in our sole and absolute discretion, is necessary or appropriate to respond to claims or to comply with legal processes, to comply with laws, regulations or ordinances or to prevent or stop illegal, unethical or actionable activity.
6. OPTING-OUT OF INFORMATION USE
As described above, we collect personally identifiable information about you when you voluntarily provide it to us, collect other information about you and your use of the Site automatically when you interact with us, and may combine the collected information with publicly available information or information provided to us by third-parties or to build a profile about you. If you do not want us to use your collected information as described above or to provide your information to our partners, clients or service providers for marketing purposes, please email us Andrew@AndrewLee.Ventures with such request.
With respect to the Site’s use of cookies and other similar technologies, by adjusting settings on your browser, you may elect not to allow cookies to be placed, and thus opt out of certain features of the Site and the Site’s automatic collection of certain information about you.
Additionally, the links below will assist you in opting-out of cookies and online behavioral or interest-based advertising:
First-Party Opt-Out:
Visit Google: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads
Click “Ads Settings”
Third-Party and Online Behavioral Advertising Opt-Out
Please visit:
Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice Page: http://www.aboutads.info/choices
Network Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Please note that these measures are browser-specific and device-specific and must be repeated on all browsers and devices.
7. PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
We use reasonable measures to safeguard your information in our possession. However, no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure and no security mechanism is impenetrable. Therefore, although we take steps to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that we collect from you or the security of our servers or the Site. By accessing the Site, any transmission of information is at your own risk and you agree to assume all risk in connection with information sent to us or collected by us.
8. USER CONTRIBUTIONS.
You are responsible for content that you contribute to be published or displayed on the Site or transmit to other users of the Site (“User Contributions”), if any. Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to other users of the Site at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached or archived pages or might have been copied or stored by others.
9. FOREIGN JURISDICTION.
The Site is designed for and targeted to United States audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States. We are not responsible under any privacy laws or local data protection laws in any jurisdiction other than the United States.
10. CHILDREN AND PARENTS.
We respect children’s privacy. We do not target or knowingly or intentionally collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. By using the Site, you have represented and warranted that you are either 18 years of age or using the Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, you may not use the Site. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please email us at Andrew@AndrewLee.Ventures.
If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user of the Site, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted, including user submissions. To make such a request, please email us at Andrew@AndrewLee.Ventures or write us at the addresses noted below with a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed.
Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted (including User Submissions, if any) and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
11. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third-parties for direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us or write at the addresses noted below.
12. MISCELLANEOUS.
From time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect, among other things, changes in the law or our information collection and use practices and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by us. Your continued use of the Site after a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
It is important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
13. CONTACT US.
If you have any general questions about this Privacy Policy or other aspects of the Site please contact us at:
Phone: +1(713)-494-7770
Email: Andrew@AndrewLee.Ventures
You also may have the right (subject to certain exceptions) to be given a copy of the information that we collects about you or to correct, update, and/or erase that information. Please email us at Andrew@AndrewLee.Ventures with any such request.
14. HOW TO SERVE A SUBPOENA
If you have a subpoena/cease and desist to serve on AndrewLee.Ventures, please note that AndrewLee.Ventures does not accept service via e-mail or fax and will not respond to the subpoena. All subpoenas must be properly served on AndrewLee.Ventures, preferably by mailing the subpoena to AndrewLee.Ventures's national registered agent. Please find below the Texas address:
AndrewLee.Ventures. Corporation Service Company 14202 leafy elm court Houston, Texas – Subpoena
Please note also that providing detailed and accurate information at the outset will facilitate efficient processing of your request. That information will include, for example, e-mail and/or credit card number used to make purchases for retail purchase information; the name, e-mail, and physical address of a seller for seller information; device serial number for devices; and IP address and complete time stamps.
Updated: October 6, 2020