PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy is important. Take some time to look this over and contact us if you have
any concerns about our use of your Personal Information in connection with our
services to you.
Coiin, LLC. d/b/a Raiinmaker
(the “
Company
” “
we
” “
us
” or “
our
”), and its affiliates and
subsidiaries, really respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting your
Personal Information.
As an organization that cares about the privacy of your Personal Information, it is our
desire and duty to comply with the various applicable regulations around the world that
govern the collection and processing (using) of your Personal Information.
Protecting the personal rights and privacy of each individual and company that visits or
uses our online “websites” and “mobile applications”
(
“websites” and “mobile
applications”
collectively the “Sites”)
is at the center of our concern in our relationship
with you.
Therefore, we recognize the need for appropriate safeguards and management
practices in relation to the collection and use of your Personal Information. We want to
ensure that you understand what information we collect about you and how we use it.
This Privacy Policy sets out the principles the Company follows when we collect and
process your Personal Information through your use of our services or when you
otherwise engage with us though our Sites. It also applies to our suppliers and anyone
who participates in our services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made part of our Terms of Use. Please read
this Privacy Policy (including our Cookie policy below) and our Terms of Use
(https://raiinmaker.com/terms/) carefully. When you submit Personal Information to us,
you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as
described in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, Cookie policy, or our
Terms of Use, you must stop using the Sites and our related services and exit the Sites
now.
Our Sites
are
not intended for children
and we do not knowingly collect data relating to
children.2
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time so please visit this page
occasionally to ensure that you understand any amendments. If we need your consent
to process your Personal Information in a different way, we will seek your permission in
advance.
Please use the Definitions provided at the end of this Policy to help you understand the
meaning of some of the terms we use here. If you have any questions regarding this
Policy, contact us at: privacy@raiinmaker.com please write “
Questions on your Privacy
Policy
” in the subject line of your email.
Who We Are
This Privacy Policy is issued on behalf of the Company as a whole. When we mention
the “Company”, “we”, “us” or “our”, we are referring to the relevant the Company entity
responsible for collecting or processing your data.
Unless specified otherwise in this Privacy Policy, the Company is the controller of your
Personal Information which means that the Company decides why and how your
Personal Information is processed (i.e. used). Unless otherwise stated, the Company
entity you are engaging with will be the controller of your data.
COIIN, LLC. d/b/a Raiinmaker is the legal data controller and responsible for all our
Sites.
What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
“
Personal Information
” is defined as any personal information that identifies, relates to,
describes, is reasonable capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be
linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household from which that
person can be identified. For example, it might include your name, mailing address,
email address, telephone number, credit card number, company, title, biometric
information, website username or website password, and Inferences drawn from any of
the information identified above to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the
consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. It does not include data where
your identity has been removed (de-identified anonymous data).
Some Personal Information is required to provide our services to you. If you do not
provide the Personal Information we ask for, it may delay or prevent us from providing
the services to you.
We collect, store and process your Personal Information by different methods in
connection with your use of our services, such data may include: account data, your
personal profile data, your Personal Information that are provided in the course of the3
use of our services, information that you post for publication on our Sites or through our
services, information relating to transactions, including purchases of services, that you
enter into with us and/or through our website, information that you provide to us for the
purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters, and information
contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us.
WHERE YOU ARE A SITE AND/OR APP USER:
When you are using our Sites, which may include when you download content or
contact us via our Sites, here is how we generally collect your data:
We collect most of this Personal Information directly from you – via email, by telephone,
text and/or via our Sites. However, we may also collect information:
• From publicly accessible sources (e.g., property records);
• Directly from a third party (e.g., credit reporting agencies, sanctions screening
providers, or customer due diligence providers);
• From a third party with your consent (e.g., your bank);
• From cookies on our Sites; and
• Via our IT systems, including, for example:
o Door entry systems and reception logs;
o Automated monitoring of our Sites and other technical systems, such as
our computer networks and connections, CCTV and access control
systems, communications systems, email and instant messaging
systems.
• You may provide Personal Information by completing online registration forms, by
applying for services via our Sites, or when you create or update any of your marketing
preferences; and we may collect your data automatically via cookies, in line with your
cookie consent, web beacons, server logs and other similar technologies, preferences
and settings in your browser.
• For more information on how we use cookies please see our
Cookie policy
below.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We collect, process or disclose your Personal Information for our legitimate business
purposes. A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to
use your information, so long as this is not overridden by your own rights and interests,
for example:
• To provide our services to Site users or to fulfill our contractual obligations.4
• To any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate
holding company, if any, and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the
purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this Privacy Policy.
• To market our services, promotions, blogs or webinars, reports, our service news or
relevant Privacy Policy updates. Depending on which jurisdiction you are in, we may be
required to give you an option to “opt-in” and we will always provide you with an option
to “opt-out” with each marketing communication;
• As required by law or regulation;
• For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and
prevention;
• To develop new products, services and offerings, or to enhance, improve or modify our
products and services; or
• To record your usage of our Sites in accordance with our cookie policy.
• To our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the
purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining
professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether
in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
• We may disclose your Personal Information where such disclosure is necessary for
compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your
vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
•
• On certain pages on our Sites or blogs you may see ‘share’ or ‘social buttons’. These
enable you to share or bookmark pages on our Sites and Apps. These may include
buttons for: Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Facebook, Instagram or other social media
platforms. In order for us to implement these buttons on our Sites and connect them to
the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts that are executed from
domains owned by third parties and outside of our control. You should be aware that
these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around
the internet, including on our Sites. So, if you click on any of these buttons, these sites
will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites
will be registering the fact that you are visiting our Sites and Apps, and the specific
pages you are on, even if you don’t click on the button but are already or automatically
logged into their services, like Google and Facebook. We recommend that you check
the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your Personal
Information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such Personal Information if you
wish to.
Promotional Communications
We may use your Personal Information to send you updates, by email, text message,
telephone or post, about our products and/or services, including exclusive offers,5
promotions or new products and/or services. We have a legitimate interest in
processing your Personal Information for promotional purposes (see above “
How we
use your Personal Information
” and the 2nd paragraph below). This means we do not
usually need your consent to send you promotional communications. However, where
consent is needed, we will ask for this consent separately and clearly. We will always
treat your Personal Information with the utmost respect and never sell or share it with
other 3rd party organizations (outside the Company’s group) for marketing purposes
(except such sharing of Personal Information as maybe set forth in a Promotion’s official
rules as noted below).
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) that
may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official
rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you,
including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to
use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing
associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal
Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the
administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner
selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s
official rules, such as on a winner’s list.
Opting Out of Communications
If you have subscribed to or are otherwise receiving promotional communications,
news, alerts, blog posts, or similar information from us by email or texts, and no longer
want to receive such information in the future, you may opt-out of receiving these emails
or texts by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of those emails you receive or
typing “STOP” in texts. Please allow ample time for us to process your request. If you
are having difficulty unsubscribing, please contact us at
support@raiinmaker.com
and
clearly write “
Opt-Out
-
Unsubscribe
” in the subject line of your email and include the details of
the communications you desire to stop receiving.
We may ask you to confirm or update your marketing preferences if you instruct us to
provide further products and/or services in the future, or if there are changes in the law,
regulation, or the structure of our business.
Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving emails, you may still receive
communications related to your interaction with us (such as confirmation of a
registration or form submission) or otherwise as required by law. Also note that we may
need to keep Personal Information we have collected about you to respect your
decision to opt-out, for record-keeping, research and other purposes.
What Is the Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
6
Under data protection law, we can only use your Personal Information if we have a
proper reason for doing so. We rely on the following main grounds to process Personal
Information of Site and App users, suppliers or other third parties:
•
Necessary for entering into, or performing, a contract
– to perform obligations that
we undertake in providing a service to you, or to take steps at your request to enter into
a contract with us;
•
Necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
– we are subject to certain legal
requirements which may require us to process your Personal Information. We may also
be obliged by law to disclose your Personal Information to a regulatory body or law
enforcement agency;
•
Necessary for the purposes of Legitimate Interests
– we, or a third party, will
process your Personal Information for the purposes of our (or a third party's) Legitimate
Interests, provided we have established that those interests are not overridden by your
rights and freedoms, including your right to have your Personal Information protected.
Our Legitimate Interests include responding to requests and enquiries from you or a
third party, optimizing our Sites and Apps and customer experience, informing you
about our products and services and ensuring that our operations are conducted in an
appropriate and efficient manner;
•
Consent
– in some circumstances, we may ask for your consent to process your
Personal Information;
•
Necessary to protect the vital interests
of you the data subject or of another natural
person.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your Personal Information for the purposes for which we collected it,
unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that
reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to
how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please
contact us at: privacy@raiinmaker.com
a
nd clearly write “
New Personal Information
Processing Purpose Question
” in the subject line of your email.
If we need to use your Personal Information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you
and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so or seek your consent,
providing you with a clear, conspicuous and readily available mechanism for you to
exercise your choice.
Please note that we may process your Personal Information without your knowledge or
consent where this is required or permitted by law.7
How We Share Your Personal Information
We will not sell or rent to anyone the Personal Information provided to us or obtained by
us.
In certain circumstances we will share your Personal Information with other parties. We
share your data with other entities within the Company acting as joint controllers or
processors. We do this to provide sales and marketing, IT, system administration
services, product development and undertake internal reporting. We will also share your
Personal Information across the Company entities to improve our customer service and
to make our services more valuable to you.
We also share your Personal Information with the following third parties:
• Our affiliates, including companies within the Raiinmaker group;
• Service providers we use to help deliver our products and/or services to you,
such as payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies;
• Other third parties we use to help us run our business, such as marketing
agencies or website and App hosts, cloud services or other digital platform
providers, including, for example: Google Store, Apple App Store, etc.;
• Third parties approved by you, including social media sites you choose to link
your account to or third-party payment providers;
• Credit reporting agencies;
• Our insurers and brokers;
• Our bank(s);
• Campaign creators under promotional “Official Rules Agreements”
.
We only allow our service providers to handle your Personal Information if we are
satisfied that they take appropriate measures to protect your Personal Information. We
also impose contractual obligations on service providers to ensure they can only use
your Personal Information to provide services to us and to you for specified purposes
and in accordance with our instructions. We may also share Personal Information with
external auditors, e.g. in relation to accreditations and the audit of our accounts.
We may disclose and exchange information with law enforcement agencies and
regulatory bodies to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
We may also need to share some personal information with other parties, such as
potential buyers of some or all of our business or during a re-structuring. We will
typically anonymize information, but this may not always be possible. The recipient of
the information will be bound by confidentiality obligations.8
We also collect, use and share de-identified aggregated data such as statistical or
demographic data for our legitimate business purposes. Such aggregated data is not
Personal Information as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity.
In the preceding 12 months, we may have disclosed for a legitimate business purpose
to one or more third-parties, some of the following categories of Personal Information
that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could
reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household:
• Identifiers (e.g., a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier,
online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,
social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other
similar identifiers);
• Information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being
associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, his or her
name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or
description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or
state identification card number, insurance policy number, education,
employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number,
debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or
health insurance information;
• Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law;
• Commercial information (e.g., records of personal property, products or
services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies);
• Biometric information;
• Internet or other electronic network activity information (e.g., browsing history,
search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an
Internet Web site, application, or advertisement);
• Geolocation data;
• Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information;
• Professional or employment-related information;
• Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available
personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights
and Privacy Act (FERPA); and
• Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a
profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences,
characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Where Your Personal Information is Held.
Information may be held at our offices and
those of our group companies, third-party agencies, service providers, representatives
and agents as described above (see above: “
How We Share Your Personal
Information”).
9
Some of these third-parties may be based outside the European Economic Area. For
more information, including on how we safeguard your personal information when this
occurs, see the Section below: “
Transfers Out of the EEA
”.
How Long Your Personal Information Will Be Kept.
We will keep your personal
information while you have an account with us or while we are providing products and/or
services to you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal information for as long as is
necessary:
• To respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your
behalf;
• To show that we treated you fairly; or
• To keep records required by law.
We will not retain your Personal Information for longer than reasonably necessary for
the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We may retain and use your personal
information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and
enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to
remove it. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your personal
information as soon as reasonably practicable upon request. Different retention periods
may apply for different types of Personal Information. If you have a question about our
retention policy for your Personal Information, please contact us at:
privacy@raiinmaker.com and clearly write “
Personal Information Data Retention
Question
” in the subject line of your email.
International Transfers of Data
To deliver services or products to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your
personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA), e.g.:
• With our offices outside the EEA;
• With your and our service providers located outside the EEA;
• If you are based outside the EEA; or
• Where there is an international element to the services or products we are
providing to you.
These transfers are subject to special rules under European and UK data protection
law. We may transfer the Personal Information we collect about you to countries
outside of the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries
may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially
provided the information. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will
protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.10
TRANSFERS OUT OF THE EEA
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA) this may involve transferring
your Personal Information outside of the EEA. Whenever we transfer your Personal
Information out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by
ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented.
GENERAL SAFEGUARDS
• We will only transfer your Personal Information to countries that have been deemed to
provide an adequate level of protection for Personal Information by the European
Commission. For further details, see
European Commission: Adequacy of the protection
of Personal Information in non-EU countries.
• Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts or standard data
protection contract clauses approved by the European Commission which give Personal
Information the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see
European
Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of Personal Information to third countries.
Data Security
Where Personal Information is requested, the Company uses industry standard
physical, technical, and administrative controls to protect your Personal Information by:
• Not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data;
• Protecting Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access and disclosure.
Any employees, agents, contractors or third parties who are so authorized act on our
instructions are subject to a duty of confidentiality;
• Keeping Personal Information up to date;
• Storing and destroying Personal Information securely;
• Ensuring that appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards are in place
to protect Personal Information. These measures include measures to deal with any
suspected data breach; and
• Regularly reviewing our information collection, storage and processing practices,
including physical security measures.
While we operate to industry standards, we are also aware that the transmission of
information via the internet is not completely secure
.
You should keep in mind that the
Sites are run on third-party software, hardware, and networks, any component of which
may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of
security beyond our control
. Thus, we cannot guarantee the security of your data
transmitted to our Sites and any transmission is at your own risk.
11
While we take steps to protect your Personal Information and keep it secure, you also
play a role in protecting your information. You must maintain the security of your online
transactions by not sharing your passwords and account information with any
unauthorized parties. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a
password which enables you to access any of our online services or electronic
resources, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We advise you
not to share your password with anyone.
You should note that this website may include links to third-party sites and Apps, plug-
ins and other applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may
allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party
sites and apps and are not responsible for their content or privacy statements. When
you leave our Sites, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website and
app you visit.
COOKIES POLICY
Overview
:
Like most websites & Apps, we may employ “cookies” or similar
technologies. This Cookies Policy tells you about the use of Cookies and similar
technologies on the Company’s Sites.
When you first access the Sites from certain jurisdictions, you will receive a message
advising you that cookies and similar technologies are in use. By continuing to browse
the Sites, you signify that you understand and agree to the use of these technologies,
as described in this Cookies Policy.
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time (see How
to Control Cookies below). You can change your browser settings to refuse or restrict
cookies, and you may delete them after they have been placed on your device at any
time. If you do not accept or delete our cookies, some areas of our Sites that you
access may take more time to work or may not function properly.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files containing a string of characters which we
may store on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Sites. When you visit
the Sites again, the cookies allow us to recognize your browser. Cookies may store your
preferences and other information but cannot read data off your hard disk or read
cookie files created by other sites (Cookies are also delicious snacks can be great for
dipping into coffee or tea).
We may use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. We may use
information collected with cookies to statistically analyze usage of our Sites and to
improve and customize our content and other offerings.12
Types of cookies we use on our Sites include
:
•
Session cookies:
These temporary cookies expire and are automatically erased
whenever you close your browser window. We may use session cookies to grant
our users access to content and to enable actions such as remembering form or
payment information as you are in the process of entering it.
•
Persistent cookies:
These cookies usually have an expiration date in the distant
future and remain in your browser until they expire, or you manually delete them.
We may use persistent cookies to better understand usage patterns so we can
improve our Sites for our users. For example, we may use a persistent cookie to
associate you with your account or to remember your choices on a Site.
Third-party cookies:
We may permit third-party service providers to place cookies
through our Sites to provide us with better insights into the use of the Sites or user
demographics or to provide relevant services to you. These third parties may collect
information about a user’s online activities over time and across different websites when
he or she uses our Sites. For example, we may use a third-party tool to analyze usage
patterns of the Sites. Such a tool may generate a cookie to capture information about
your use of a Site which the third-party provider uses to compile reports on website
activity for us and to provide other related services. The third-party provider may use a
portion of your IP address to identify its cookie. We do not control the use of third-party
cookies or the resulting information, and we are not responsible for any actions or
policies of such third parties.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the
Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or
other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad
impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our Sites and Apps.
How to Control Cookies
You do not have to accept cookies and consent can be withdrawn at any time, although
you may not be able to use certain features on the Sites. You can do this by activating
the settings on your browser that allows you to refuse all or some cookies.
Please follow the links below to helpful information for the most popular browsers:
•
Microsoft Internet Explorer:
https://support.microsoft.com/en-
gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
•
Google Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDeskt
op&hl=en13
•
Mozilla Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-
website-preferences
•
Apple Safari:
https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-
website-data-sfri11471/mac
In addition, you can exercise advertising cookie choices by visiting:
• http://www.aboutads.info/choices/,
• http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/; or
• http://youronlinechoices.com/.
Web Beacons
As well as cookies, we use other technologies to recognize and track visitors to our
Sites. A web beacon (also known as a “tracking pixel” or “clear GIF”) is a clear graphic
image (typically a one-pixel tag) that is delivered through a web browser or HTML e-
mail, typically in conjunction with a cookie.
Web beacons allows us, for example, to monitor how users move from one page within
our Sites to another, to track access to our communications, to understand whether
users have come to our Sites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party
website, to measure how ads have been viewed, and to improve Site performance.
To learn more about cookies and web beacons, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
“Do Not Track” Browser Settings
We do not use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” signal from your web
browser, because we do not track users other than for aggregate statistical purposes.
Data Retention
Where we collect your Personal Information, the length of time for which we retain it
depends on the type of data, the purpose for which we use that data and our
accounting, regulatory and legal data retention obligations. We do not retain Personal
Information in an identifiable format for longer than is necessary.
To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the
amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm
from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for
which we process your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those
purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.14
We will retain your Personal Information on our systems unless we have not had any
meaningful contact with you (or, where appropriate, the company you are working for or
with) for two or more years (or for such longer period as we believe in good faith that the
law, statute or relevant regulators require us to preserve your data). After this period, it
is likely your data will no longer be relevant for the purposes for which it was collected
and we will delete or destroy it.
In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Information (so that it can no
longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we
may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Children’s Privacy
As noted above, our Sites and all related services are not directed to or intended for use
by minors. Consistent with the requirements of the US Children’s Online Privacy
Protection Act, if we learn that we have received information directly from a child under
age 13 without his or her parent or legal guardian’s verified consent, we will use that
information only to respond directly to that child (or his or her parent or legal guardian)
to inform the child that he or she cannot use our Sites and any related services.
Subsequently, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information.
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, by you have the right to:
•
Request access to your Personal Information
(commonly known as a “
data subject
access request
”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we
hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it;
•
Request correction of the Personal Information
that we hold about you. This enables
you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected;
•
Request erasure of your Personal Information.
This enables you to ask us to delete
or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to
process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your Personal
Information where you have exercised your right to object to processing. Note, however,
that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal
reasons which we will notify to you, if applicable, at the time of your request;
•
Object to processing
of your Personal Information where we are relying on a
Legitimate Interest (or those of a third-party) and there is something about your
particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You
also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Information for
direct marketing purposes;15
•
Request the restriction of processing of your Personal Information.
This enables
you to ask us to suspend the processing of Personal Information about you, for example
if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it; and/or
•
Request the transfer of your Personal Information
to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information,
object to the processing of your Personal Information, or request that we transfer a copy
of your Personal Information to another party, please contact us by email at:
privacy@raiinmaker.com and clearly write “
Personal Information Request
” in the subject
line of your email.
NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED
You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Information (or to exercise any of
the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access
is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the
request in such circumstances.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity
and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights).
This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that Personal Information is not
disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
RIGHT TO WITHDRAW CONSENT
In the limited circumstances where you may have provided your consent to the
collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose,
you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To
withdraw your consent, please send us an email at: privacy@raiinmaker.com – and
write “
Personal Information Consent Withdrawal
” clearly written on the subject line of
your email. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent,
we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally
agreed to without undue delay, unless we have another legitimate legal basis for doing
so.
OUR RESPONSE TIMES
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within 45 days of our receipt of your written
request. Occasionally it may take us longer if your request is incomplete and we need to
write to you for more information or is particularly complex or you have made several
requests. In these cases, we will notify you and keep you updated.
INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
16
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
Additional disclosures related to collection, use, and disclosure of Personal
Information.
If you are a California consumer, the
California Consumer Privacy Act
(“CCPA”)
requires companies, as applicable, to disclose the following information with respect to
our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information.
Categories of Personal Information Collected:
In the preceding 12 months, we may
have collected the following categories of Personal Information: identifiers,
characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or U.S. Law, professional
and employment-related information, educational information, commercial information,
internet and electronic network activity, inferences drawn about your preferences, and
other categories of Personal Information that related to or is reasonably capable of
being associated with you. For examples of precise data points we collect, please see
“
What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It
” Section above.
Business or Commercial purpose for collecting and using data:
We collect
Personal Information for business purposes described in the “
How We Use Your
Personal Information
” Section above.
Categories of Third Parties With Whom We Share Personal Information:
We may
share your personal information with the third parties as described in the “How We
Share your Personal Information” Section above.
Sale of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA):
We do not sell the Personal
Information we collect.
Your Consumer Rights
• California consumers have the right to request access to their Personal Information,
additional details about our information practices, and deletion of their Personal
Information (subject to certain exceptions). California consumers also have the right to
opt out of sales of Personal Information, if applicable. California consumers may make a
rights request by calling us at: 1-800-219-3307 or by contacting us by email at:
privacy@raiinmaker.com and clearly write “
California Consumer
Personal Information
Request
” in the subject line of your email.
Once we receive your request, we may verify it by requesting information sufficient to
confirm your identity. If you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the
California Secretary of State to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you
have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid
written authority to submit requests on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you
if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.17
IN THE EU, THE RIGHT TO COMPLAIN TO A SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
In the EU, if you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data
protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your principal
residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
Please see “
How to make a Complaint
” below.
How to Make a Complaint
Data privacy laws are constantly evolving, and we endeavor to maintain best practices.
However, we recognize that we may not always get it right and if you are not satisfied in
the way we handle your Personal Information, or you wish to discuss our processes
then we would like to hear from you.
THE COMPANY COMPLAINT PROCESS
If you believe that there is something which we have not done correctly with your
Personal Information then we would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns
before you approach a Supervisory Authority, so please contact us in the first instance
at: privacy@raiinmaker.com and please clearly write “
EU
Data Complaint
” in the subject
line of your email.
GOVERNING LAW
By choosing to visit our Site or provide information to us, you agree that any dispute
over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the laws of
the State of Wyoming and the United States of America without reference to conflict of
laws principles. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our
Terms of Use (https://raiinmaker.com/terms/), or other agreements that we have with
you.
Definitions of Terms used in this Policy
Consent
means your agreement which must be freely given, specific, informed and be
an unambiguous indication of you, the Data Subject’s wishes, by which you, by a
statement or by a clear positive action, signifies agreement to the Processing of
Personal Information relating to you.18
Data Controller
means the person or organization that determines when, why and how
to process your Personal Information. It is responsible for establishing practices and
policies in line with the GDPR. For example, we are the Data Controller of all Personal
Information relating to our Company personnel and Personal Information used in our
business for our own commercial purposes.
Data Subject
means a living, identified or identifiable individual about whom we hold
Personal Information. Data Subjects may be nationals or residents of any country and
may have various legal rights regarding their Personal Information.
EEA means
the 27 countries in the EU, and Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway.
Explicit Consent
means consent which requires a very clear and specific statement
(that is, not just action).
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
means the European Union General
Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679). Applicable Personal Information is subject
to the legal safeguards specified in the GDPR.
Legitimate Interest
means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our
business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most
secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you
(both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your Personal
Information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your Personal Information for
activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your
consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Personal Information
means any information identifying a Data Subject or information
relating to a Data Subject that we can identify (directly or indirectly) from that data alone
or in combination with other identifiers we possess or can reasonably access. Personal
Information includes Special Category (Sensitive) Personal Information and
pseudonymized Personal Information but excludes anonymous data or data that has
had the identity of an individual permanently removed. Personal Information can be
factual (for example, a name, email address, location or date of birth) or an opinion
about that person’s actions or behavior.
Privacy Notices or Privacy Policy Notices
means separate notices setting out
information that may be provided to Data Subjects (such as you) when the Company
collects information about them. These notices may take the form of general privacy
statements applicable to a specific group of individuals (for example, website privacy
policy notices) or they may be stand-alone, one-time privacy statements covering
Processing related to a specific purpose.19
Processing or Process means
any activity that involves the use of your Personal
Information. It includes obtaining, recording or holding the data, or carrying out any
operation or set of operations on the data including organizing, amending, retrieving,
using, disclosing, erasing or destroying it. Processing also includes transmitting or
transferring Personal Information to third parties.
Special Category or Sensitive Personal Information:
information revealing racial or
ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or similar beliefs, trade union membership,
physical or mental health conditions, sexual life, sexual orientation, biometric or genetic
data, and Personal Information relating to criminal offences and convictions.
Raiinmaker Standards Against Child Sexual Abuse and Exploitation (CSAE)1.
Introduction
Raiinmaker is committed to ensuring a safe and secure digital environment for
all users, particularly minors. We adopt a zero-tolerance policy against child sexual abuse and
exploitation (CSAE) and implement robust measures to prevent, detect, and report any such
activity on our platform.
2. Compliance with Legal and Regulatory Frameworks
Raiinmaker
adheres to all applicable international, federal, and local laws related to child protection,
including but not limited to:
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child (UNCRC)
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) concerning children's data privacy
The Protect Our Children Act
The National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) reporting guidelines
3. Prohibited Content and Activities
The following activities are strictly prohibited on Raiinmaker:
Uploading, sharing, or distributing any form of child sexual abuse material (CSAM)
Grooming or engaging minors in any form of sexual exploitation
Any attempt to coerce or manipulate minors into sharing inappropriate content
Solicitation of minors for sexual purposes
Any content that sexually objectifies minors, including AI-generated and digitally altered content
4. Detection and Prevention Mechanisms
To enforce CSAE standards, Raiinmaker implements:
AI and Machine Learning Monitoring:
Automated systems to detect potential CSAM
Human Moderation:
A dedicated team of trained professionals reviewing flagged content
Age Verification Measures:
Ensuring compliance with age restrictions and parental controls
Proactive Community Monitoring:
Enabling users to report violations with easy-to-use reporting tools
5. Reporting and Response Procedures
Raiinmaker actively collaborates with law enforcement and child protection organizations to ensure prompt action against CSAE violations:
User Reporting Mechanism:
Users can report suspicious content or activity via in-app tools
Immediate Content Removal:
Any CSAE-related content is removed immediately upon detection
Law Enforcement Cooperation:
Raiinmaker reports confirmed cases to NCMEC and law enforcement agencies
Account Suspension and Legal Action:
Perpetrators are banned from the platform, and legal action is pursued where applicable
6. Education and Awareness
Raiinmaker invests in education and awareness initiatives to protect minors and inform users, including:
Parental Guidance Tools:
Resources for parents to manage their children’s digital presence
Safety Education:
In-app educational content about online safety and CSAE awareness
Regular Updates:
Periodic updates to security protocols in response to emerging threats
7. Accountability and Transparency
To maintain accountability and transparency, Raiinmaker will:
Conduct
annual audits
of its CSAE policies and enforcement mechanisms
Publish
transparency reports
detailing CSAE-related actions and statistics
Engage in
ongoing collaboration
with child protection organizations and regulatory bodies
8. Conclusion
Raiinmaker is steadfast in its mission to create a safe and responsible platform by
implementing stringent CSAE standards. We continuously evaluate and strengthen our policies to
safeguard children and prevent any form of exploitation. Users are encouraged to play an active role
in upholding these standards and reporting any violations to help maintain a secure community.
For more information or to report an issue, please contact
support@raiinmaker.com
.
‍
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect our activities and user
feedback, and we reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time.
The provisions contained in this Privacy Policy supersede all previous notices or
policies regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Sites.
Please check the “Last Updated” legend at the bottom of this Privacy Policy to see
when this Policy was last revised.
We encourage you to check frequently to see the current Privacy Policy to be informed
of how we are committed to protecting your information and providing you with improved
content on our Sites in order to enhance your experience.
THE COMPANY PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT
We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Policy or how we
process your Personal Information. Please contact us using the information below, and
we will respond to you as soon as reasonably possible.
Contact Details -
Our full details are:
Name of legal entity:
Coiin, LLC.
Address: 30 N. Gould St., Sheridan, Wyoming 82801 USA
ATTN: Privacy Department
Email address:
privacy@raiinmaker.com
Toll Free Number
: 1-800- 219-330720
Thanks for taking the time to review our Privacy Policy!
Last Updated: January 13, 2022