YoYo User Agreement
The YoYoApp would like to remind you (Users) to read this user Agreement carefully before you register as a YoYo
      user. (hereafter Agreement) in order to ensure that the Users fully understand the terms of this Agreement. Please
      read carefully and choose to accept or do not accept this Agreement.Your registration, login, use, etc, will be
      considered acceptance of this Agreement and shall agree to the provisions of this Agreement in its entirety. This
      Agreement stipulates rights and obligations of "YoYoApp" service (hereafter Service) between the users. "User"
      means the person who registers, logs in and uses the Service. The YoYoApp has the right to make changes at any
      time to any provision of this Agreement. Once the contents of this Agreement have been modified, the YoYoApp will
      publish the contents of the modified Agreement directly on related pages. This announcement shall be deemed to be
      a confirmation that the YoYoApp has notified users of the changes.The User has the right to discontinue use of the
      Web Services if they do not agree to the changes made by the YoYoA to relevant provisions of this Agreement.
      Continued use of the Web Services shall be deemed as an acceptance of such changes.
1. Registration
1.1 The Users need to register a "YoYo" account before using the Service. After the User is successfully
      registered, the safekeeping of which shall be the responsibility of the User. The User shall bear full legal
      liability for all behavior and activities conducted through their user account. The YoYoApp can change account
      registration and binding methods according to User needs or product needs without prior notice to the User.
1.2 The User shall not transfer or loan his account or password to others. The User shall immediately notify the
      YoYoApp if he discovers unlawful use of his account by others. The YoYoApp shall not bear any liability, in
      whatsoever forms, if hacking or user negligence results in the unlawful use by others of the User's account or
      password.
1.3 When the User registers and uses the service, YoYoApp needs to collect personal information that identifies
      the User so that YoYoApp can contact the User when necessary or provide a better user experience. The information
      collected by YoYoApp including but not limited to the User's name, gender, age, date of birth, ID number, address,
      school situation, company status, industry, hobbies, personal instructions; YoYoApp agrees that the use of this
      information will be subject to the protection of the third user's personal privacy information.
2. Services Content
2.1 In the process of registering an account or using the service, the User shall need to fill in or submit some
      necessary personal information, such as the identity information required by laws and regulations and regulatory
      norms (hereafter laws and regulations). If the information submitted by the User is incomplete or does not comply
      with the laws and regulations, the User shall not be able to use the service or be restricted in the process of
      using the service.
2.2 YoYo reserves the right to close the account that has not been logged in for 9 months.
3. User Personal Information Protection
3.1 The specific content of this service is provided by YoYoApp according to the actual situation, including but
      not limited to authorized users to instant messaging , adding friends, paying attention to others, and posting
      messages. YoYoApp can change the the services , and the content provided by YoYoApp can change at any time; Users
      will receive a notification from YoYoApp about service changes.
3.2 The User personal information protection includes:
(1) User's personal information provided by the user (such as the mobile phone number filled in during
      registration, personal information such as email, shared information provided when using the service, etc.)
(2) User personal information shared by other parties;
(3)YoYoApp is legally collected the requisite User personal information for the purpose of providing services
      (such as device or software information automatically collected by the system when using the service, browsing
      history information, communication time information, etc., user location information and geographic location
      information when using the service, etc.) Personal privacy information is referred to information related to the
      User's personal identity or personal privacy, such as the User's real name, ID number, mobile phone number, mobile
      device identification code, IP address, User chat history. Non-personal private information refers to the other
      normal information except basic record information, personal privacy information and the privacy information that
      Users agree to make public. YoYoApp warrants that the User's personally identifiable information will be
      collected, used or disclosed with the written consent of the User and the User agrees that YoYoApp can collect,
      use or disclose the User's non-personal private information without the User's additional confirmation and
      authorization.
3.3 In order to ensure the security of users' personal information and prevent the disclosure, damage or loss of
      personal information. In the event that the foregoing situation occurs or YoYoApp finds that there is a
      possibility of the foregoing situation, YoYoApp will promptly take remedial measures and inform the user that the
      user should immediately contact YoYoApp if he finds the above situation.
3.4 YoYoApp never disclose to any third parties personal private information. But except in the following
      specific situations:
(1)The User disclose to third parties;
(2)The User with YoYoApp and cooperating company made a deal with disclose the User's personal private
      information, then YoYoApp can disclose the user's personal private information to that cooperating company;
(3)Any disclosure of personal privacy information due to hacking, computer virus intrusion and other force major
      events;
(4)The User personal information has been processed and cannot identify a specific individual and cannot be
      recovered;
3.5 The user agrees that YoYoApp may use the user's personal privacy information in the following matters:
(1)YoYoApp promptly sends important notices to users, such as software updates and changes to the terms of this
      Agreement;
(2)YoYoApp conducts internal audits, data analysis and research to improve YoYoApp's products, services and
      communication with Users;
(3)According to the Agreement, YoYoApp shall manage, review and process the User information;
      Other matters as required by applicable laws and regulations;
(4)In addition to the above matters, YoYoApp will not use the User's personal privacy information for any other
      purpose without the consent of the User.
3.6 In order to improve YoYoApp's technology and services and provide Users with a better service experience,
      YoYoApp may collect or provide non-personal private information of Users to the third parties.
3.7 YoYoApp guarantees that personal information is collected, used or disclosed under the principles of
      legality, properness and necessity and does not collect personal information of users that are not related to the
      services provided.
4. Content Standards
4.1 The content described in this section refers to any content created, uploaded, copied, published, and
      distributed by users during the use of the service, including but not limited to registration information and
      authentication materials such as account avatar, name, user description, or text, voice, and pictures.video,
      graphic, etc. send, reply or auto reply messages and related link pages, as well as other content generated by
      using the account or the service.
4.2 Users may not use the YoYo account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish, or distribute content
      prohibited by the following laws, regulations, and policies:
(1) Oppose the basic principles established by the Constitution;
(2) Endanger national security, divulge state secrets, subvert state power, and undermine national unity;
(3) Damage to national honour and interests;
(4) Inciting national hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermining national unity;
(5) Destroy the state's religious policies and promote cults and feudal superstitions;
(6) Spread rumors, disrupt social order, and undermine social stability;
(7) Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetment;
(8) Insulting or slandering others and infringing upon the lawful rights and interests of others;
(9) Failure to abide by the "seven bottom lines" required by the bottom line of laws and regulations, the bottom
      line of the socialist system, the bottom line of national interests, the bottom line of citizens' legal rights,
      the bottom line of social public order, the bottom line of morality, and the bottom line of information
      authenticity;
(10) Contains other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations.
4.3 Users may not use the YoYo account or the Service to create, upload, copy, publish, or disseminate the
      following content that interferes with the normal operation of YoYo and infringes the legitimate rights and
      interests of other users or third parties:
(1) Containing any sexual or sexual suggestiveness;
(2)Containing insults, intimidation, threats;
(3)Containing harassment, spam, malicious information, and scam information;
(4)Involving the privacy, personal information or materials of others;Infringe on the legal rights of other
      people's reputation rights, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc. ;
(5)Containing other content that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes the legitimate
      rights and interests of other Users or third parties.
5. Service Regulations
5.1 YoYoApp shall not be liable for any opinions, standpoint or policies that are transmitted or distributed by
      the User in or through the Service, nor as reflected or on behalf of YoYoApp.
5.2 Users are prohibited from using YoYo accounts or the service for the following activities:
(1) Submitting and publishing false information, or stealing others' profile pictures or materials, posing as
      using others' names;
(2) Force other users to follow, click on a link page or share information;
(3) Fictional facts, concealing the truth to mislead, deceiving others;
(4) Create fake accounts ;
(5) Using "YoYo" accounts or the service for any criminal activity;
(6) Other violations of laws and regulations, violation of the legitimate rights and interests of other users,
      interference with the normal operation of "YoYo".
5.3 Users shall be responsible for the authenticity, legality, harmlessness, accuracy and validity of the
      information transmitted by YoYo account or this service. Users shall bear any legal liabilities related to the
      information transmitted by users by themselves. If any loss is caused to YoYoApp or the third party, the user
      shall compensate for it.
5.4 The services provided by YoYoApp may include advertisements, and the User agrees to display advertisements
      provided by YoYoApp and third-party suppliers and partners during use. Except as required by law, users shall be
      responsible for the transactions based on the advertising information, and YoYoApp shall not assume any
      responsibility for the losses suffered by users due to the transactions based on the advertising information
6. Account Management
6.1 The ownership of the YoYo account is owned by YoYoApp. After completing the application for
      registration, the user obtains the right to use the YoYo account, which belongs only to the initial applicant and
      prohibits the gift, loan, lease, transfer or sale.YoYoApp has the right to recycle the User's "YoYo" account due
      to business needs.
6.2 Users can view and modify profile pages, but the risk requires the user to bear.
6.3 Users should keep their own account and password, if the account and password is loss, the User should be
      responsible for that.
6.4 Users shall observe the terms of this Agreement and use the service correctly. If the user violates any of
      the terms of this Agreement, YoYoApp has the right to terminate the service to the default user Halo account after
      the user is notified.At the same time, YoYoApp reserves the right to withdraw the "YoYo" account number and
      username at any time.
7. Data Storage
7.1 YoYoApp is not responsible for the deletion or storage failure of the user's data in the Service.
7.2 If the User stops using the service or the service is terminated, YoYoApp can permanently delete the User's
      data from the server. YoYoApp is not obligated to return any data to the User after the service is terminated.
8. Risk Taking
8.1 The User understands and agrees that YoYo only provides Users with a platform for information sharing,
      transmission and retrieval. Users must be responsible for all actions under their registered account, including
      any content transmitted by the User and any consequences arising therefrom.
8.2 The User understands and agrees that YoYoApp reserves the right to change, suspend, terminate or revoke all
      or part of the Service Content of the Service unilaterally due to business development needs, and the User shall
      bear this risk.
9. Intellectual Property Rights
9.1 All text, data, images, graphics, audio and/or video information and other materials within the Web Services
      provided by the YoYoApp are property of YoYoApp are protected by copyright, trademark or other property rights
      laws. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as conferring any license of any intellectual property rights
      or such materials by the YoYoApp to the User. The User is prohibited from copying, displaying, downloading,
      modifying, reproducing or creating any derivative works of such materials, directly or indirectly published,
      performed, rewritten or republished for performance or distribution purposes, or otherwise used for commercial
      purposes without prior written consent from YoYoApp. The entirety or any part of such information may only be
      stored on a computer for private and non-commercial use. In further consideration of the unique nature of the Web
      Services, the YoYoApp shall not bear any liability for any loss or damage incurred by the User by using the Web
      Services, any compensation, in any form, to the User or any third party for delays, inaccuracies, errors or
      omissions, interruption or defect arising from the production, the operation, transmission, transfer or
      submission, communications-line failure, theft or destruction of all or part of the aforementioned information,
      nor for any losses or damages arising from, or caused by, such inaccuracies, errors or omissions or any
      unauthorized access of the Web Services.
9.2 Any intellectual property rights of any software (including, but not limited to, any images, photos,
      animations, video recordings, audio recordings, music, text, add-on programs and supplementary material) belonging
      to any third party used by the YoYoApp in the provision of Web Services belong to such third party copyright
      holder. The User may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble such software without the prior permission of
      the copyright holder.
9.3 By providing live-feed content or by uploading other content including but not limited to files, photographs,
      links, texts and images, User agrees to give the YoYoApp(including and all other users of the Web Services) an
      irrevocable non-exclusive royalty-free rights to use the UGC or any other content and their selection and
      arrangement for any purpose including publication, display, modification, and creation of derivative works.
10. Legal Liability
10.1 If YoYoApp discovers or receives reports from others or complains that the User violates this Agreement,
      YoYoApp reserves the right to review and delete relevant content, including but not limited to User data and chat
      records, at any time without notice, and treat the offending account according to the seriousness of the case.
      Including but not limited to warnings, account bans, device bans, functional bans, and notifying Users of the
      results
10.2 Users who have been banned due to violation of the User Agreement can submit an appeal to the relevant page
      of the YoYoApp website. YoYoApp will review the appeal and make a reasonable judgment on whether to decide whether
      to change the penalty.
10.3 The User understands and agrees that claims or losses claimed by or against any third party arising out of
      or in connection with the User's breach of this Agreement. Users should compensate YoYoApp and its partner
      companies, affiliates, and avoid them from damage.
11. Disclaimers
11.1 The User expressly agrees that he/she shall be fully responsible for any risks involved in using the YoYoApp
      Services. The User shall also be responsible for any and all consequences arising from the Use of YoYoApp
      Services, and the YoYoApp shall not bear any liability to the User.
11.2 Under no circumstance does the YoYoApp guarantee that the Services will satisfy the User's requirements, or
      guarantee that the  Services will be uninterrupted. The timeliness, security and accuracy of the Services are
      also not guaranteed. The User acknowledges and agrees that the  Services is provided by the YoYoApp on an as
      is basis. The YoYoApp make no representations or warranties of any kind express or implied as to the operation and
      the providing of such Services or any part thereof. The YoYoApp shall not be liable in any way for the quality,
      timeliness, accuracy or completeness of the Services and shall not be responsible for any consequences which may
      arise from the User’s use of such Services.
11.3 The YoYoApp does not guarantee the accuracy and integrity of any external links that may be accessible by
      using the Services and/or any external links that have been placed for the convenience of the User. The YoYoApp
      shall not be responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, and the
      YoYoApp shall not be held responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any loss or damage in connection with
      the use of the Services by the User. Moreover, the YoYoApp shall not bear any responsibility for the content of
      any webpage that the User is directed via an external link that is not under the control of the YoYoApp.
11.4 The YoYoApp shall not bear any liability for the interruption of or other inadequacies in the  Services
      caused by circumstances of force majeure, or that are otherwise beyond the control of the YoYoApp. However, as far
      as possible, the YoYoApp shall reasonably attempt to minimize the resulting losses of and impact upon the User.
11.5 The User agrees that the YoYoApp shall not bear any liability for any losses arising from inadequacies in
      the quality of the following products or services provided by the YoYoApp:
(1)Services provided to the User free of charge;
(2)Any complimentary products or services offered to the User.
12. Modification, Suspension, Termination or Restriction of Service
12.1 In consideration of the unique nature of Web Services, the User acknowledges and agrees that the YoYoApp has
      the right, at its sole discretions, to modify, suspend or terminate part or all of these Web Services (including
      those requiring payment) at any time and from time to time. The YoYoApp  may also impose limits on certain
      features and services or restrict the User's access to part or all of these Web Services. If the modified,
      suspended, terminated or restricted Web Service is a free service, the YoYoApp  is not obligated to notify
      the User and shall not have any liability in whatsoever forms to the User or any third party. If the modified,
      suspended or terminated Web Service is a paid-for service, the YoYoApp  shall notify the User in advance of
      any modification, suspension or termination, and should provide affected users with an alternative paid-for
      service of equivalent value.
12.2 The User understands that the YoYoApp needs to perform scheduled or unscheduled repairs and maintenance on
      the platform providing the Web Services (such as the website or cellular network, etc.) and the relevant
      equipment. If such situations cause an interruption of paid-for Web Services for a reasonable duration, the
      YoYoApp  shall not bear any liability to the User and/or to any third parties. However, the YoYoApp 
      shall provide as much advance notice as possible.
12.3 The YoYoApp has the right to suspend, terminate or restrict provision of the Web Services under this
      Agreement at any time and is not obligated to bear any liability to the User or any third party, if any of the
      following events occur:
(1)Personal information provided by the user is false;
      (2)The User violates the terms of use stipulated within this Agreement;
      (3)The User does not make a payment to the YoYoApp, as stipulated, to cover the relevant service fees when using
      paid-for Web Services.
12.4 If the User's registered free account name violates any laws and regulations or national policies, or if it
      infringes upon the legal rights and interests of any third party, the YoYoApp retains the right to revoke the
      account name.
13. Others
13.1 YoYoApp reminds users of the terms of this Agreement exempting YoYoApp from liability and restricting user
      rights. Please read carefully and consider the risk. The minor shall read this Agreement in the presence of a
      legal guardian.
13.2 The validity, interpretation and resolution of this Agreement shall apply to the laws of of your country in
      and region we operate. If there is any dispute between the User and YoYoApp, it should be settled through friendly
      negotiation. If the negotiation fails, the User agrees to submit the dispute to the court of YoYoApp residence.
13.3 If any provision of this Agreement is rendered void or unenforceable, in whole or in part, for any reason,
      the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain valid and binding.
13.4 Because of the rapid development of the Internet, the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement
      between you and YoYoApp may not fully cover and cover all of your rights and obligations with YoYo, and the
      existing agreements do not guarantee full compliance with future development needs. Therefore, the YoYo Privacy
      Policy, the YoYo Platform Code of Conduct, etc. are supplemental to this Agreement and are inseparable from this
      Agreement and have the same legal effect.