PRIVACY
POLICY
As used in this Privacy Policy, “Mobile App” refers to all websites, mobile sites, applications, and other properties or services owned or operated by Thinkabout Apps. By accessing and/or using this Mobile App website or any Mobile App product or service available on or through this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Mobile App strongly believes in keeping your personal information confidential. The following policy describes what information we collect and how it is used and shared.
User Provided Information
When you register with us and use Mobile App, you generally provide your age and study preferences.
Automatically Collected Information
In addition, Mobile App may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use Mobile App.
Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how Mobile App is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. We work with advertisers and third party advertising networks, who need to know how you interact with advertising provided in Mobile App which helps us make Mobile App experience better. We may also share depersonalized versions of information from your application instances in order to enable our partners to append other publically available information about you for product analysis or advertising related use. List of 3-rd party networks, which are used to promote our app (including, but not limited to):
Facebook Ads (marketing partner);
Google AdWords (marketing partner);
Apple Search Ads (marketing partner);
Reddit Ads (marketing partner).
Third-party (including, but not limited to) analytics software, which collect and use information from our app to analyse advertising and users behaviour inside our app:
Branch (mobile measurement partner);
AppsFlyer (mobile measurement partner);
Amplitude (product analytics);
Korrekted (product analytics);
Firebase (product analytics).
User Data
You agree that in order to provide services to you which you have requested including relevant content and advertising, we may exchange information that we collect from you with third parties who help us perform these tasks and provide these products and services including OpenUDID, Advertising Identifier, Advertising ID, IDFA, IDFV, vendor ID for iOS platform, Mac address, IMEI, Android ID for Android platform, ODIN1 for OS X, information about your device systems, application software and peripherals, and the country setting on the device. In general this means that we collect the following types of information:
Purchases;
Identifiers;
Usage Data.
All of this information is DEPERSONALIZED. We also are NOT requesting and NOT collecting emails, your payment details, IDs (passports, citizen cards, driving licences), utility bills or any other infromation, which could be used to identify you.
Children
We do not use Mobile App to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@thinkaboutapps.com. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. You understand and acknowledge that the submission of any such information by you via the Internet or posting it on non-public (restricted or private) pages is at our own risk.
Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Any changes made to our privacy policy will be published on this page, containing the "last updated" date.
Your Consent
By using Mobile App, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing, means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using Mobile App, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at contact@thinkaboutapps.com
[Dated: July 4, 2022]