You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.
Home
Account
privacy policy
0
BK Crowns
Recent Orders
Saved Addresses
Saved King Deals
BK Wall
Notifications
FAQ's & Support
Settings
FAQ's & Support
Notification Settings
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Promotional T & C
Customer Care
Log Out
Restaurant Finder
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of the Personal Information (as defined hereinafter) that we collect, possess, use, process, record, store, transfer, disclose, deal, handle and receive, by and on behalf of Our employees and customers while rendering Services (as defined hereinafter) through or outside of Our Sites. Accordingly, set out below is Our Privacy Policy (as defined hereinafter), pursuant to Rule 3(1)(a) of the IT Intermediary Rules (as defined hereinafter), setting out how We intend to safeguard such personal information received and used by Us as aforesaid. This is in compliance with the prevailing Information Technology Act, 2000 (“IT Act”), the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices And Procedures And Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011 (“SPDI Rules”) and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021 (“Intermediary Rules”) as may be amended from time to time. This is an electronic record under the IT Act, is generated by a computer system, and does not require any physical or digital signatures.
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 (“Company”, "RBAL", "We", "Our" or "Us") is inter alia engaged in the business of developing, setting up, running & operating a chain of restaurants (including Quick Service Restaurant)/Eating House etc (“Restaurants”) and has designed developed and operates website i.e. www.burgerking.in and a mobile application (or any successor site) and its related sub-domains, sites, services and tools (“Sites”) which provides You information, recommendations and/ or products or services offered to You at Our various Restaurants and mode of distribution channel and is intended to allow You and other users to browse and order products and other goods or services, which will be fulfilled by RBAL and/or its channel partners being Third Person (as defined hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions mentioned on the respective Sites ( “Services”).
This privacy policy, as amended from time to time, (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) discloses the privacy practices for the respective Sites. It applies to the Company, its affiliates and group companies, its directors, employees, consultants, retainers, contractual staff, contractors, staff and team members, service providers and vendors who collect, possess, use, process, record, store, transfer, disclose, deal, handle and receive, the personal information by and on behalf of the employees and clients of the Company (“You” or “Your”) while rendering the Services in India or overseas including but not limited to any consultants, service providers, contractors, advisors, accountants, agents, person, representatives of the Company etc. who provide services to or on the Company’s behalf in connection with the Services rendered (“Third Person”) by the Company.
By accessing the respective Sites and/or providing Us with Your information You expressly consent to Us processing Your personal information in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to delete, modify, change or supplement the content of the respective Sites and or this Privacy Policy, including the addition and removal of any sub-domain, successor sites, mobile application, Services and tools at any time for any reason without prior notification, and will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information on the respective Sites.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SITES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF USE AND ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITION ON THE SITES. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS ANY OTHER TERMS AND CONDITION ON THE SITES, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITES.
Change in the Privacy Policy:
Changes in law or changes in RBAL’s business may require changes to be made to the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time so RBAL encourages You to review this Privacy Policy periodically or on every occasion You visit or use the Sites for any such changes. It is Your responsibility to carefully read, agree with the Privacy Policy on each occasion You use the Sites and Your continued use of the Sites shall signify Your acceptance to be bound by the latest Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
The Information we collect about you may be broadly described in following categories:
Personal Information:
Your name, gender, address, phone number, email address, user name, occupation, password, date of birth, billing and credit card information, bank account details, order history, feedback, IP address and location, digital device name, type and configuration, details relating to Your download of Publications via the service (including details relating to the time of the download, any interruptions, and the success or failure of the downloads), the URL from which You accessed the Sites, demographic information or opinions, registration or profile information sent to us by connected services such as social media handles as may be authorized by you, search contact book if consented by the user and other such detail relating to the above as provided to the Company; or any of the information received under the above by the Company for collecting, receiving, possessing, using, processing, recording, storing, transferring, dealing, handling and disclosing under lawful contract or otherwise, collectively referred to as “Personal Information”.
General Information:
We may also receive more general information from you as a result of your visits to, and use of, the respective Sites. This general information does not identify you personally, and can include information such as your IP address, the length of time you spend on the Website and the Mobile App, your browsing history, and other such ‘General Information’.
This Policy does not apply to any information that You may disclose publicly, and which is freely available or accessible in public domain or furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005 or any other law for the time being in force and such information shall not be regarded as Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy. Further, Your Personal Information shall not be disclosed to any Third Person unless the said Third Person is required to have the Personal Information of You to provide required the Services to You and/or with Your permission and/or to help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful and illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threat to the safety or security of any person, violations of the terms and conditions of use of the Sites or to defend against legal claims and special circumstances such as compliance with the rules of any stock exchange, subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or law enforcement agencies requiring such disclosure. We share Your information with advertisers on an aggregate basis only.
Further, any information disclosed by You to any service provider or trader or any third party that You connect with through the Sites, the Company shall not be responsible and/or liable to treat the same as the Personal Information to be protected by the Company.
You are providing Your consent by providing Your Information (as defined hereinabove) to the Company (“Consent”) with respect to the purpose of usage of such Information as provided below (“Purpose”). You hereby state that You are aware of the:
fact that the Personal Information is being collected;
contents and/or type of Personal Information which is being collected;
purpose for which the Personal Information is being collected;
intended recipients of the Personal Information; and
name and address of the agency that is collecting the Personal Information and retaining the same.
All the above Information is collected for the following Purpose:
Better servicing and account maintenance;
To seek Your feedback or to contact You in relation to those Services
Making the offerings more relevant to the You and Your desires ensuring no spam mails go through;
Keeping track of the transactions, to help in case of any dispute situations; dealing with enquiries, requests or complaints and other customer care related activities; and all other general administrative and business purposes; marketing products and services; carrying out any activity in connection with a legal, governmental or regulatory requirement or in connection with legal proceedings, crime or fraud prevention, detection or prosecution;
To effectively administer and fulfil Our obligations under any agreement (if any) We may have with You;
maintenance of internal employee databases in accordance with applicable data privacy and labour laws, and the provision of benefits to the employees, including but not limited to provision of group insurance policies, and the monitoring of certain kinds of employee activity;
record keeping and other general administrative and Services related processes;
ensuring the safety and protection of the rights or property of the Company or its business;
complying with applicable legal requirements in India including but not limited to governmental reporting, etc. and fulfilling statutory/legal obligations as a service provider under applicable laws, and adhering to judicial or administrative orders, compliance with laws;
monitoring or recording of certain calls, chats and other interactions as described hereinbelow;
while conducting daily business/operations such Personal Information may be provided to affiliates and group companies, certain levels of employees/staff of the Company and Third Person’s for the purpose of processing such Personal Information for or on Our behalf including but not limited to helping Us to perform statistical analysis, send You email or postal mail, provide Clients and/or prospective Clients the support/support services, arrange for deliveries of programs, information, and services, etc.;
operating the Sites, improving the content of Our Sites to offer You better Services and to ensure that content from Our Sites is presented in the most effective manner for You; and in connection with the business of the Company.
To collect the Information, we shall use channels such as physical forms, call centre, Website (including cookies), Mobile App emails, promotional offers, surveys and mailers. Participation in some of these channels is optional but you may be required to provide your Information in order to participate. We are not liable to verify the authenticity or accuracy of any Information we collect from you.
From time to time We may ask You to update Your Information with Us on the Sites, contact centre or through any other approved channels. This is to help keep You updated on services, any changes in the services and its enhancements. We will not be liable for any failure or default to notify You of any service, any change in service or its enhancement if You fail to update such Information in a timely manner.
Access to Information:
The Company collects Your Personal Information to enable Us, amongst other things, to provide the Sites to You. We take all steps reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information.
Information Storage & Sharing:
Any Personal Information that We collect and store is protected using appropriate means and will be collected, received, possessed, used, processed, recorded, stored, transferred, dealt, handled, retained and disclosed in compliance with the local laws/regulations in India including IT Act, SPDI Rules, and Intermediary Rules, and although the Company does so, it will not be held responsible for any unauthorised access by third parties.
All Information shall be stored by us or one or more of our vendors, who will be bound by a non-disclosure agreement with us. We reserve the rights to hold your Information indefinitely.
You agree that all Personal Information shall be retained till such time required for the Purpose or required under applicable law, whichever is later. Non-Personal Information will be retained indefinitely.
The Company will observe the following guidelines when collecting, receiving, possessing, using, processing, recording, storing, transferring, dealing, handling, and disclosing:
Personal Information will be relevant/necessary to/for the purposes for which it is collected and used;
Personal Information will be current and accurate with reasonable steps taken by the Company to rectify or delete inaccurate Personal Information;
Personal Information will be kept only as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed, and as legally required under the Intermediary Rules and other applicable data privacy and/or labour laws, as the case may be; and
Reasonable measures will be taken to prevent unauthorized access or use, unlawful processing, and unauthorized or accidental loss, destruction, or damage to such Personal Information.
We may share or disclose the Information collected and received under this Privacy Policy:
With one or more of our corporate entities and affiliates globally to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services as part of service offered to you through Website.
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, etc.;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and interests, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request and the like;
With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the Information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If any of the entities or affiliates globally or group company is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, the business entity that consequently acquires such Information will receive and store the same as per this Privacy Policy.
Apart from the forgoing’s, we may use third party service providers to help us operate our business, the Participating Website, or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys and the like. We will only share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes.
We may also share your Information with third parties under a confidentiality agreement which inter alia provides for that such third parties not disclosing the Information further unless such disclosure is for the purpose. However, RBAL is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal Information. RBAL is not liable for any loss or injury caused to You as a result of You providing Your Personal Information to third party (including any third party websites, even if links to such third party websites are provided on the respective Sites).
You may receive promotional offers, campaign details, company news, updates, related product or service Information, etc by email among other means. If you have opted to receive promotional offers there will be unsubscribe options with all such category of offers and you may choose to unsubscribe from such offers at any time by following the instructions included at the bottom of each email, or by contacting us via our Website or Mobile App.
Selectively, you may also receive various offers via your mobile number or postal mail. We also contact you via email for administrative purposes, such as change notifications or if we update our Privacy Policy. While you can elect to stop receiving email for promotional offers (as described above), you cannot unsubscribe from these administrative messages while enrolled on the Website and/ or the Mobile App.
Our customer care department may also contact you in response to an inquiry you submit. Customer care may also contact you with regard to a particular problem that may have occurred with your account or with an offer in which you may have participated. We may use this Information to learn more about your participation in the Website and /or the Mobile App and make it more relevant to your interests.
Information access by member:
We respect Your privacy and are committed to ensuring the confidentiality of Your Information with us. We may contact You with useful Information on products and services through Our telemarketing / tele calling activities, which may be beneficial for you. However, if You do not wish to be contacted through Our telemarketing calls or messages, We request You to kindly register at Our call centre and give details of the telephone on which You do not wish to be contacted. However, We reserve the right to contact You through tele calling for services related to Your account. Further, We are committed to follow the laws laid out with regards to tele calling and telemarketing and, follow the guidelines set by any regulatory authority like TRAI in cases of Do Not Disturb (“DND”) policy or any such similar rules which may be in force. Once You have registered for any such DND policy, Your telephone number(s) will be removed from all Our telemarketing calling lists within 30 working days. We will ensure that You do not get any further telemarketing calls on the telephone number(s) that You have registered.
Voice Call Recordings at Contact Centre:
With a view to providing the best possible service to its customers, we will be:
Recording voice calls made to our customer care with a view to better provide our services
Monitoring the voice calls recorded; and
Overseeing the services furnished by the customer call centres.
Sharing with one or more our affiliate companies, all or any particular call recordings received from those customers who have been enrolled with us on the Website and/or a report with details of the complaints, if any, received by you or the customer. The sharing of voice recordings received from the call centres with our affiliate companies will be done in due compliance of applicable privacy laws.
All of the aforesaid activities are done, inter alia, to:
Improve customer satisfaction
Assure quality management and customer experience
Identify and analyze the patterns and the types of requests/complaints raised by customers
Initiate remedial measures to prevent the re-occurrence of such complaints/issues
Retain a recording of the voice calls; and
Support any transactions that take place over the phone and/or if there is a dispute
Links to Other Sites:
The Sites or any activities made on the Sites may contain features which link to other websites that may collect Information about you. In addition, such other websites may contain certain product and service offerings which are carried out independently by such third party websites. We are neither responsible for the working of such third party websites nor do We warrant or nor do We make any assurances of the existence, adequacy or functioning of security practices of any such third party websites.
Cookies:
We may use cookies or other technologies on the Website. Cookies are small files or records that we may place on your web browser for collecting Information about your activities on the Website, preparing reports, assessing trends, and otherwise monitoring the way in which the Website is being used. This is intended to enhance convenience for you, and to assist us to run an efficient operation. By accepting these Terms, you confirm your consent to our use of cookies, and other such technologies, for these purposes.
Treatment of Personal Information:
We take all steps reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorised access, use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of Personal Information. If RBAL is sold to a third party, or RBAL otherwise becomes subject to a merger, consolidation or acquisition, it would become necessary for us to transfer your Personal Information to a third party, and in such case RBAL would require that the third party handles your Personal Information with no less care than taken by us.
The email address you provide will only be used to send you information and updates related to the products; and to respond to your enquiries and requests. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you'll receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. You can unsubscribe from our email list at any time by following the instructions included at the bottom of each email, or by contacting us via Website or Participating Website.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the Information. Specific employees only are authorized to access the Information on a need to know basis for business purposes only.
To keep your Personal Information safe, we ensure that sensitive and private data exchanges between you and RBAL happen over a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)-secured communication channel, and are encrypted and protected with digital signatures. SSL-secured communication channels are specially designed to protect personal and sensitive Information (payment details), which is sent over the internet. Provided that, your right to claim damages shall be limited to the right to claim only statutory damages under Information Technology Act, 2000 and You hereby waive and release all RBAL entities, its group companies from any claim of damages.
If you choose a payment gateway to complete any transaction on Website and/or the Mobile App then Your credit card data may be stored in compliance with industry standards/ recommended data security standard for security of financial Information such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS).
Treatment of General Information:
The Company also collects Your General Information to allow us, amongst other things, to better understand Our users and improve the layout and functionality of the Website. BKIL may use and aggregate anonymized Information derived from Your Personal Information, to inform publishers, partners, trusted affiliates, advertisers, and other interested parties as to the usage habits or characteristics of the Company ' customer base, and to serve any other business purposes.
Opt out rights:
In the event, you do not wish that your Information to be used for the purposes mentioned herein or you wish to withdraw consent for use of your Information please e-mail us at customercare@burgerking.in In such events, we may not be in a position to provide you any benefits or Services. Also, in case you choose to not share your name and/or mobile number, your registration from the Website will be terminated.
Anti-Spam Policy:
Since email is an integral part for the Service being rendered, your sharing of email contact with us allows us to share the offers and promotions relating to the Service or Website via email with you. If you later decide not to receive any offers and or promotions relating to the Service or the respective Sites, you may unsubscribe by communicating to us. Please note that opting not to receive email does not exempt you from receiving administrative emails.
Data Accuracy, Verification and Supplementation:
It is in your interest and it is our objective, for us to have accurate, current and complete Information concerning you and your account. We have strict procedures that our employees abide by to meet this objective. While some procedures are required by central, state or RBI regulations, we have implemented additional procedures to maintain accurate, correct and complete financial Information, including processes to update Information and remove outdated Information. If you believe that we have incorrect Information about you or your accounts, please intimate us. We will correct any erroneous Information as soon as possible. Data verification involves the use of third-party data processing services to standardize and clean your provided Information so that it is easily identified and accessed in our database.
Guarding your own Information:
We recommend that you take the following precautions to guard against the disclosure and unauthorized use of your Information:
Never provide Information that can be used to access your account over the phone unless you have initiated the call and know with whom you are speaking;
Update any changes in addresses or contact Information immediately through the proper channel;
Force Majeure:
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Policy or terms of use or other terms and condition on the respective Sites or elsewhere, RBAL shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below).
"Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of RBAL and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption (provided beyond reasonable control of RBAL), power or electricity failure or unavailability of adequate power or electricity.
While We will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any Personal Information which We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the internet or computer networks are not fully secure and that We cannot provide any absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information.
Grievance officer:
In accordance with IT Act and SPDI Rules, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:
Ms. Madhuri Shenoy,
Restaurant Brands Asia Limited,
Unit Nos.1003 to 1007,10th Floor,
Mittal Commercia Asan Pada Rd,
Chimatpada, Marol,
Andheri (E)
Mumbai 400059
Phone no: 022-71933099
Email: customercare@burgerking.in
Time: Mon – Fri (9:00 - 17:00)
In case you have any discrepancies and grievances in connection with this Policy or Terms of Use or any other terms and conditions mentioned on the Website, you may please contact the Grievance Officer mentioned above.
If you have any other questions or clarifications regarding privacy, or have questions about practices, please contact us via email at customercare@burgerking.in