PRIVACY
TERMS
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the privacy practices with respect to your use of the SLOTS MASTER
                    mobile software application (hereinafter: "the Software") and the gaming service offered therein
                    (hereinafter: "the Service").
WHY DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We are the controller of the personal information collected. We only collect, use, store and
                    transfer (“process”) your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection
                    legislation, including but not limited to, the (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679)
                    (“GDPR”) and applicable national data protection legislation.
This Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User’s
                    information collected through the Services. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject
                    to our Terms of Service. Your use of the Services and any personal information you provide on the
                    Services remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. Please read
                    this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
                    This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. If you refuse material amendments to this
                    Privacy Policy, you might not be able to continue using the Services with all functionality preserved.
DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you choose to download the Software and use the Service, you may be requested to allow us to
                    extract basic information about you from your Apple ID in accordance with your privacy preferences
                    within App Store and Apple’s applicable policies.
When you use the Software and the Service, we may collect non-personal anonymous information such
                    as IP address, device UDID, web browser, etc., to improve the functionality of the Software. We may
                    also employ third party ad-serving and/or analytic technologies that use various methods to collect
                    information through the Software and the Service. These technologies may be embedded within the
                    Software and the Service and may collect demographic and location information as well as information
                    from your device including but not limited to IP address, device UDID, software, applications,
                    hardware, browser information, internet and online usage information and in-game information.
When using the Software and the Service, you may also elect to purchase “Credits” for using
                    certain features of the Software. Please refer to our Terms of Use with respect to our policy with regard to such purchases.
WHEN WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We may collect your information when you use our Services, including when:
·	You register a SLOTS MASTER accountms
·	You play our games
·	You register on and use our forums
·	You contact our Help Center via email or letters
·	You use our websites, apps, or games
·	You participate in our surveys
·	You participate in user research initiatives
·	You take part in our competitions or promotions
·	You enroll in, or participate in, one of our events
·	You click on one of our ads or newsletters
·	You work for SLOTS MASTER
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The anonymous information collected through the Software is used for the purpose of operating the Software and improvements thereof.
You agree that we may send you notifications through the Software and the Service regarding additional features or products.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We will not use your Personal Information for any other purpose than the purpose for which the data is originally collected.
To operate our business and to enhance your gaming experience, we may use your information in the following ways:
·	To operate, improve, develop and provide you with our games, apps and Services
·	To provide you with recommendations and game offers that you may like
·	To respond to inquiries or comments from you
·	To verify your identity in order to prevent unauthorized access
·	To provide you with software updates
·	To understand trends in usage
·	To calculate marketing conversion rates and other elements of advertising performance
·	To help tracking and correcting errors and bugs in games and services
·	To customize your user experience
·	To maintain the integrity and security of the Services
·	To process transactions and communicate with you regarding these transactions
·	To maintain or administer your SLOTS MASTER account, including contacting you in order to update your SLOTS MASTER account details
if necessary
·	To create reports, analyses or similar for the purpose of research and business intelligence and be able to track potential problems,
behaviour and trends
·	To enforce our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy
·	To send you newsletters and promotional notices and offers
·	To keep our Services fair, investigate and prevent fraud and illegal behavior
·	To comply with applicable laws and regulations
Special information about marketing: We use your data to inform you about relevant products and
                    offers (e.g., provide you with targeted marketing). The data we collect in such cases contain
                    information that you will fully provide us with, the data we collect when you use our Services
                    or from third parties we work with. We analyses this data to form a view on what we think you
                    might want or need or what may be of interest to you.
YOUR CONTROL OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
At any time, you may inspect and alter the information you provided to us through your Software
                    options. If you have any questions in this regard, or wish to remove part or all of the information
                    from the Service, you may contact us and we will attend to your approach and shall assist you in doing so promptly.
INFORMATION SHARING PRACTICES
We do not share any information we collect (including your personal e-mail address) with third parties,
                    unless (a) you authorized us to do so under the terms of this Privacy Policy; or (b) we believe in
                    good faith that the disclosure of the information is required by any applicable law, regulation,
                    court order, legal proceedings or governmental demand; or (c) it is required to handle security
                    breach or fraud investigations, or to enforce the terms of our Terms of Use.
In the event that you click on a link to one of the business partners advertising within the Software,
                    such third party shall not receive from us any information about you.
RETENTION PERIOD OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will keep your information for as long as you are a player or customer of the Software.
                    We may keep your information for longer for research or statistical purposes. If we do, we will make
                    sure your information is anonymized and non-traceable to you as a person. We will also keep it for
                    longer if we cannot delete it for legal or regulatory reasons.
We will however delete all Personal Information that is no longer necessary after a reasonable period. We will also delete Personal Information upon request.
COOKIES
Company uses cookies to store users' preferences, and collect aggregated demographic data.
                    You may configure your browser to accept or deny such cookies. Use the help section of your
                    browser to learn how to disable cookies or deny cookies.
AGE REQUIREMENT
Our Services are not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect information from children
                    under 13 years of age. We strongly recommend parents or guardians to instruct their children to not
                    disclose any information when online. If you believe that we might have any information from or about
                    a child, please contact us via our Help Center or support e-mail. In the event that we learn that we
                    have collected Personal Information from a child, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally
                    obligated to retain such data. In addition, we recommend that minors under the age of 16 ask their
                    parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We are very concerned with safeguarding your information. Your account information is located on a
                    secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive, we encrypt that information using with
                    our best efforts. Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications,
                    we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. However,
                    we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or
                    use your Personal Information for improper purposes.We encourage you to be careful when sharing your
                    Personal Information with other Users when you use our Services like forums or chats. The Software
                    will NEVER ask for your password to be sent separately or in clear text. Anyone doing so is probably trying to steal your stuff.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on the Software, and will notify you of any material changes by email.
In the event that Company sells substantially all of its assets or is acquired, the Software and
                    Service and all information you provide to us will be transferred to the acquiring party.
                    In such case, the information you provide would remain subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy
                    Policy applicable to the Software and the Service at the time it was collected.
CHANGE AND DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
If you want to review, update, correct or delete the information that MIRROR has about you or have
                   additional questions, you can refer to the GDPR Page and contact us. If you completely delete all this information,
                   your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us 
                   and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we are not legally obligated to retain the record.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Feel free to contact us at trillioncashslots@hotmail.com, if you have further questions about this Privacy Policy. We will also appreciate to get feedback from you if you think that this Privacy Policy or any part of it is unclear.
Copyright © 2022. All rights reserved.
              GoodFortune Ltd.