Privacy Policy
Effective Date: October 6, 2015
Introduction and Your Agreement to this Privacy Policy
Monkey I-Brow Studios ("Monkey I-Brow", "us", "our" or "we") is dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users ("users", "your", or "you"). This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the ways we collect, use, and manage the information that we collect in connection with our website at http://www.monkeyibrowstudios.com (the "Site") or any Monkey I-Brow Studios game or application provided on other websites or other third party sources (collectively, the "Service"). Please note that the scope of this Privacy Policy is limited to information collected or received by Monkey I-Brow Studios through your use of the Service. Monkey I-Brow Studios is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
BY INSTALLING, USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT INSTALL, USE OR OTHERWISE ACCESS THE SERVICE. We may update this Policy from time to time. You are responsible for periodically reading this Policy. We will post all changes to this Policy on this page and the modified policy will specify its effective date.
Information Collected and Used
Our primary objective in collecting your information is to provide and enhance the Service and to enable you to easily navigate and enjoy the Service.
iOS or Android Platforms
When you use any of the Monkey I-Brow Studios games or applications, we may automatically collect and record certain information such as your MAC address, advertising identifier, UDID, hardware type, the version of your operating system ("OS"), your in-game activity, and your location (based on your Internet Protocol ("IP") address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends. It may also be used to contact you with in-game technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Monkey I-Brow Studios may use country information to customize the user experience and promotions, enforce our terms of service, and make recommendations about user connections.
We may also give users the opportunity to opt-in to location-based services, which rely upon a device's GPS coordinates. You may opt-out of these location services via the settings on your device.
Platforms/Third-Party Marketplaces
In the course of providing our Service on third party platforms/marketplaces, such as Apple's App Store, the platforms/marketplaces may collect information about you or receive information from us in order for the platforms/marketplaces to provide or analyze their services. Please note that these platforms/marketplaces were developed and administered by people or companies not affiliated with or controlled by Monkey I-Brow Studios and that Monkey I-Brow Studios is not responsible for the actions of those people or companies. You should carefully review the terms of service and privacy policies of the platforms/third-party marketplaces that you use to access our Service.
Website
When you visit our Site, your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may also collect information about your usage and activity, such as number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of this activity. We may use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk, generally to quickly identify a user's computer and to "remember" things about the user's visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. The Service sends cookies to your computer when you access or view content of a Monkey I-Brow Studios game. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third party advertising companies which deliver cookies to your computer so the ads you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies tag your computer with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
Monkey I-Brow Studios may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Third Party Tools/Analytics
The Service may also contain third party tracking tools from third party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our users' information. These third parties may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Monkey I-Brow Studios.
Advertisements
You may see our games advertised in other applications or websites. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of the Service. A device identifier and in-game or user session activity may be shared with the advertiser.
Certain video ads are displayed in our games that are served by partners such as Ad Colony, Flurry and Vungle and which may target users based on certain information that such third party has obtained regarding users. You can opt out of Ad Colony targeted advertising by visiting http://privacy.adcolony.com/opt-out, opt out of Flurry targeted advertising by visiting http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html and opt out of Vungle targeted advertising by following the instructions available here 
 http://www.vungle.com/privacy/. Such third parties serving advertisements may also collect information related to the performance of the advertisements such as how many times an advertisement is shown, how long an advertisement is viewed, and any click-throughs of an advertisement.
Security
Monkey I-Brow Studios has put in place technical and organizational measures designed to secure your information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to overcome those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. Also please note that email and messaging systems are not considered secure, so we discourage you from sending us personal information through these mediums.
Do Not Track
We currently do not participate in any "Do Not Track" frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your information.  We may engage third parties, such as marketing or analytics partners, who may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@monkeyibrowstudios.com.