Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: June 12, 2020
Please read the following privacy policy, for information regarding the ways your personal information may be processed, carefully. When you use our app, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed with these terms.
1. Information we collect
When you use our service, we consider you consent to provide your personal information voluntarily. There are two general categories of information we may collect.
1.1 Information that you provide
We ask for and collect the personal information about you when use the App. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us. Without such information, it is impossible to implement the complete functionality of the App all perform the requested services.
Face data: Your face data in only use in Facial Recognition. The face photo will be analyzed by deep learning algorithm. We collect face information from the camera and use the collected information to create your personal avatar. We don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties.
1.2 Information we get when you use our services
When you use our service, some information about your device and your user behavior may be processed automatically. This information is generally non-personal and we may access it only in aggregated form. We process this information on the ground of our legitimate interest in improving our App and giving our users the best experience. Otherwise, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services and features of the App.
We respect the privacy of its visitors, customers, and partners. We understand the importance of being transparent about what personal data we collect in order to provide the Services, how the data is used, and with whom we share it as well as your rights regarding your own data. All of that information is explained below in this Privacy Notice.
2. Information we use
The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your information to keep you safe. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons we use your information:
Deliver Services. Improve the quality and operation of the App, ensure optimal functionality and operation.
Respond Requests. Provide you with customer support and respond to your requests.
Customize Content. (i) To improve and customize the Software and Services; (ii) To provide you personalized content, including through the delivery of targeted interest-based advertisements from us or our partners.
When you upload pictures to our community, we may collect the Content (photos) you provided while using our Mobile applications and Site. It is only used to assist us in providing an effective service. We get inspiration from your work and help us improve our services. We do NOT SELL or SHARE your data with others.
In general, we may use any of your personal data to ensure that our Services are operational and for optimal user experience, as well as to enforce our terms of use with you.
3. Third Party Sites and Services
The Services may link to or be integrated with other websites and services operated by third parties, including social media platforms, advertising services and other websites and applications. These links and integrations are not endorsements of, or representations that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control third party websites, applications or services and we are not responsible for their actions. Third party websites and services follow different rules regarding their collection, use and sharing of your personal information and we encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more.
4. The use and shutdown of device permissions
We do not activate or use your device permissions automatically. Only when the feature you are using requires permission, the system will pop up the window to confirm whether you activate the corresponding permission. You can choose to reject but will not be able to use the feature.
The permissions we might use are as follows:
Read and Write External Storage. The permission let you read and store photos, stickers on your device.
5. Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the “Effective date” date above and post the new Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, edit, add or remove parts of the outlined Privacy Policy, at any time without prior notice. Please note, it is your responsibility to stay up-to-date with our Privacy Policy and review these terms to see if there are any changes. However, we may notify you of any major changes to this policy.
By using and continuing to use our Services including the Application, our Apps, you accept these terms and accept any changes to these terms and agree that all statements are correct and true. Your continued use of our Services including the Application, our website, or Apps shall indicate your agreement with the revised terms of this Privacy Policy.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at
group.marks@yahoo.com