At Gasoline Grill, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We use cookies to improve, promote and protect our website. By continuing to use our website, you accept our cookie policy.
Privacy Policy
This policy explains when and why we collect, use, and share personal information about people who use our websites and mobile applications, or who contact us via email (common term: “online services”). By using our online services or contacting us, you agree to this privacy policy and thus also our processing of your personal data. In addition, you also give us permission to contact you through digital communication channels.
Please contact us at
hello@gasolinegrill.com
with questions about data protection.
How we collect data, what we collect and why we collect it.
Privacy
Basic information that you enter when user registration or guest bookings, such as first name, last name, email, phone number, information from social media profiles, and marketing permission on behalf of the website owner. A personal code for user identification is created, which is then used by the website. We reserve the right to store communications and correspondence if you contact us or report a problem through our technological solutions. In this way, it is possible for us to offer you our services.
Location Data
If you give your mobile device and/or computer permission to share your location, your location can be used to personalize the website and the user experience, as well as to detect fraud. In addition, we may also use your location to offer localized deals.
Transaction data
Information regarding the transactions you perform through our online services, as well as the fulfillment of these. This is used to keep track of purchases, offer complete order history, and personalize content to enhance the user experience and approved marketing.
Behavioral data
Visitation information, including, but not limited to, traffic data, weblogs, and other communication data. This is used to improve website and detect problems.
Technical data
When you visit the website, we may collect technical data, including the type of mobile device you are using, device identifiers such as IMEI number, device token, MAC address of the device’s wireless network interface, IP address, device mobile number, mobile network information, operating system, browser, and the like. This is used to improve the website and detect problems.
Payment Data
Payment options are associated with orders and transactions. If you choose to store your credit card information (recurring/easy payment) a tokenization solution from your bank and payment integration provider is used. We never store card information through our online services. If you enter the information yourself, we will process and collect: Name, telephone number, e-mail, address and payment information, and may share these details with the payment provider of the transaction.
Use of cookies
We use cookies to identify, keep track of, and count visitors to the website, to offer automatic login to registered users and guest users, and to improve the quality of our services. If you set your browser settings to reject cookies, this may affect the functionality of the website, so we do not recommend this action, as we can not guarantee that our services behave.
Sensitive personal data
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal data that is classified as “sensitive”.
Surveillance Video
Some of our restaurants are equipped with security cameras to protect our guests, staff, and property from crime. Surveillance videos are shared with law enforcement agencies only upon request when required in an investigation. Surveillance videos are deleted after 30 days.
Circumstances in which we disclose your personal data to other parties
Personal data may be disclosed to our service provider to the extent necessary to maintain the operation of the business and complete our obligations to you, as well as in cases where it is required by law or to enforce our legal rights. We do not sell your personal data to third parties.
Data transfer
Personal data may be transferred to recipients outside the European Union and the European Economic Area. If we transfer data in this way, we ensure that the appropriate security measures are in place and that the parties involved in the process comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield or similar regulation.
How we secure your personal data
Your personal data is protected both technically and organizationally. All transfers consisting of personal data and tokens are encrypted. All personal data is stored in a secure manner and access to data is both monitored and limited to people who need this data and who have committed themselves to confidentiality.
As long as we keep your personal data
We only retain personal data for as long as we feel it is necessary to be able to offer our services, taking into account our legal obligations, such as maintaining our records for the tax authorities.
Your rights regarding your personal data
You reserve the right to:
Access your data in a personal data file
Request corrections and / or completions
Delete erroneous, unnecessary, incomplete, or outdated data
Protest against the use of individual automatic decision-making and/or profiling
Restrict our future processing of, or access to, your data
Delete your data or your user profile
Submit a complaint to a supervisory authority
Changes in the privacy policy
‍
We reserve the right to change the privacy policy at any time. Please check the date of the most recent update before placing a new order. If you do not approve any changes to the privacy policy, please stop using our website and mobile applications, as well as contact us through our digital channels (common term: “online services”).
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or device in order to recognize you as a user. There is no personal information stored in our cookies and they may not contain viruses.
There are two types of cookies:
Persistent cookies are stored on the device from which you access the site and have a predetermined expiration date. Session cookies are deleted when you leave our site.
How to delete or block cookies:
By clicking on the link below, you can see how to delete or block cookies:
https://minecookies.org/cookiehandtering
Purpose of cookies on gasolinegrill.com
To optimize the site so that we can improve the user experience and functionality.
Traffic measurement, so we know how many people visit our site and can document this.
Traffic measurement so we can see where our users are coming from.
The site uses cookies from the following third parties who also have access to those cookies
Google Analytics:
Our site uses cookies from Google Analytics to measure the traffic on the site. You can opt-out of the use of cookies from Google Analytics here:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Facebook:
Cookies from Facebook track your traffic to gasolinegrill.com from Facebook, collect data and information about it. You can read more about the use of cookies here
https://www.fdih.dk/cookies/faq-om-cookies
.
‍
‍
Owner information:
Gasoline Grill ApS
Landemærket 5, 1,
1119 CPH K
Email:
hello@gasolinegrill.com
‍