Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Last amended on January 13, 2025
Data Controller Contact Information:
Atisoft Teknoloji LTD
34980 Istanbul, Turkey
support@atisoftteknoloji.com
This privacy policy applies to the information that we collect from you when you use our
                            website www.atillaozder.com or www.atisoftteknoloji.com, and our mobile applications named
                            collectively and herein after called “Platform".
Our privacy policy tells you what personal data and non-personal data we may collect from
                            you, how we collect them, how we protect them, how we share them, how you can access and
                            change them, and how you can limit our sharing of them. Our privacy policy also explains
                            certain legal rights that you have with respect to your personal data. Any capitalized terms
                            not defined herein will have the same meaning as where they are defined elsewhere on our
                            Platform.
If you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
                            relation to this policy. The personal information that we collect is used for providing and
                            improving the service. We will not use or share your
                            information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and
                            Conditions, which is accessible at apps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy
                            Policy.
How Information Is Used
For a better experience, while using our service, we may require you to provide us with
                            certain personally identifiable information.
                            The only Personal Information collected by our apps is unique device identifier for
                            advertising ("advertising ID"), for example, Google Advertiser ID or Apple ID for
                            Advertising.
                            We do not collect any other Personal Information from and about you, which is the type of
                            information that specifically identifies you personally and/or can be used alone to contact
                            you online or offline, such as your full name, physical address, email address, telephone
                            number, photograph, precise geolocation information, credit card information and user names.
                            The information that we request will be retained on your device and is not collected by us
                            in any way.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
                            Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app:
Firebase
Google Analytics
Google AdMob
UnityAds
IronSource
Facebook Audience Network
Applovin
Personal Information We Use:
- to provide non-child users that have given us consent to share their advertising IDs with
                            our ad network partners for the purpose of serving them with personalised advertisement in
                            the app (behavioural advertising / targeted advertising).
Non Personal Information We Use:
- to monitor and analyse general statistics about distribution of the app: audience,
                            countries, devices, installs and sessions amounts, and maintain and develop the app based on
                            this experience
- to monitor and analyse trends, usage and activities in connection with the app
Log Data:
We want to inform you that whenever you use our service, in a case of an error in the app we
                            collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data.
                            This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
                            device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our
                            service, the time and date of your use of the service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
                            identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored
                            on your device's internal memory.
This service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party
                            code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You
                            have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being
                            sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some
                            portions of this service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
- to facilitate our Service
- to provide the Service on our behalf
- to perform Service-related services
- to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your
                            Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf.
                            However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
If any postings you make on our Platform contain information about third parties, you agree
                            to make sure that you have permission to include that information. While we are not legally
                            liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings about which we are
                            notified, if such postings violate the privacy rights of others.
Security Policy
We value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use
                            commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
                            over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we
                            cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links To Third Party Sites
This service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will
                            be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore,
                            we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. We have no control
                            over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any
                            third-party sites or services.
Protecting Children's Privacy
These services do not address anyone under the age of 13.
Click Here
to see our children’s privacy policy.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We may update this Policy to reflect changes to our data and information privacy practices.
                            If we do that we post the revised Policy here with an updated version date. If we make any
                            material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your
                            account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We
                            encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy
                            practices.
Contact Us
If you want to exercise any of your rights included in this privacy policy, contact us by
                            using the information at the top of this privacy policy.