LOFTER for ipad —— 让兴趣，更有趣
点击下载
关闭
意见反馈
发现
APP
登录
注册
LOFTER-网易轻博
浏览
APP
登录
注册
RepostTik - Terms of service
shaoxia
2023-04-13
By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to RepostTik.
RepostTik is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.
The RepostTik app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, in order to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the RepostTik app won’t work properly or at all.
You should be aware that there are certain things that RepostTik will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi, or provided by your mobile network provider, but RepostTik cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.
If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that your terms of the agreement with your mobile network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your mobile provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third party charges. In using the app, you’re accepting responsibility for any such charges, including roaming data charges if you use the app outside of your home territory (i.e. region or country) without turning off data roaming. If you are not the bill payer for the device on which you’re using the app, please be aware that we assume that you have received permission from the bill payer for using the app.
Along the same lines, RepostTik cannot always take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. You need to make sure that your device stays charged – if it runs out of battery and you can’t turn it on to avail the Service, RepostTik cannot accept responsibility.
With respect to RepostTik’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavour to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. RepostTik accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.
At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on iOS – the requirements for system (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. RepostTik does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the iOS version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.
Changes to This Terms and Conditions
I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at gixbo029oovo@sina.com.
@
# 长文章
版权归作者所有，转载请注明出处
shaoxia
关注
热度 1
评论 0
分享
推荐文章
BMI精灵隐私政策
一、介绍1.1我们深知个人信息对您的重要性，并会尽全力保护您的个人信息安全可靠。我们致力于维持您对我们的信任，恪守以下原则，保护您的...
shaoxia
好好的唱片封面，被小伙伴儿们画跑题了
经常看一些外国友人拿经典图像进行推翻式的重塑，就像美国著名的山姆大叔那样，不知衍生出来多少个版本，一些创意人甚至融入了自己的风格。这...
ROOM114
照片上的霹雳舞 #1
照片涂鸦是一个在Room114主理人个人微信朋友圈开展的开放活动。某天他会在上午发布一张开放版权的照片，并配有规则文字，说明如何在照...
ROOM114
查看更多
评论(0)
联系我们
|
招贤纳士
|
移动客户端
|
风格模板
|
官方博客
|
侵权投诉 Reporting Infringements
|
未成年人有害信息举报 0571-89852053
|
涉企举报专区
网易公司版权所有　©1997-2025
浙公网安备 33010802010186号
浙ICP备16011220号-11
增值电信业务经营许可证：浙B2-20160599
网络文化经营许可证： 浙网文[2022]1208-054号
自营经营者信息
工业和信息化部备案管理系统网站
12318全国文化市场举报网站
网信算备330108093980202220015号
网信算备330108093980204230011号
分享到
转载我的主页
关闭