PASSWORDS
MESSAGES
TEAMS
Not premium
Privacy Policy
At Password Crypt, we take your right to privacy seriously, and we want to make you feel comfortable using the website https://pcrypt.org or alternatively https://app.pcrypt.com.
Privacy policy concerns personally identifiable information (hereinafter referred to as data) that may be collected by the system. This policy is relevant to the personal data processing that takes place on equipment and systems that we own or otherwise control and that our employees, agents and data processors have access to.
Please take the time to read the policy before applying.
1. COLLECTION OF DATA
When you register as a user on Password Crypt, we ask for a valid email address and a master password. No further information is required.
Please note that your master password is not stored on the server, but it is only used in your browser. The passwords you upload and store on the server are encrypted by your master password in the browser. Your email address and other personal profile information you have entered will be stored unprocessed but will not be displayed on the system to anyone other than yourself or users with whom you actively share encrypted passwords.
Like many other websites, we automatically receive general information, which is stored in our logs on the server, e.g. which IP address is used when using the website.
2. USE OF DATA
The purpose of processing your personal data is to customize and improve your experience on the website.
The basic for our processing of your data is:
٭ Your consent to process and pass on your personal data, e.g. your email address.
٭ When we are legally obliged to process or pass on your information, e.g. as part of administration and bookkeeping.
٭ We have a legitimate business interest in processing your information, which outweighs your interest in personal data protection, e.g. your IP address.
In some cases, we are legally obliged to assist the authorities, but it is physically impossible for us to provide access to a user´s encrypted data. Your email address and other personal information you have entered will be stored unprocessed for 6 month after you cease to be a user. The information is not displayed on the system to anyone other than yourself or users with whom you actively share encrypted passwords.
Your IP address and other information about your equipment are stored in our logs on the server. This information is automatically deleted after 6 months.
3. SHARING YOUR DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
We share your personal data with third parties in these cases:
٭ The system is taken over by a third party, after which this third party will be able to use data in the same way as we have stated in this policy.
٭ When you choose to use references/links displayed on our website to visit other websites, their privacy policy applies.
٭ We use your email address to send you information about tips and user account changes or updates to our website. This is done in some cases with MailChimp, which is why we share your email address with this third party. Their processing of your information takes place in accordance with their rules for the protection of personal data.
We have entered into data processor agreements with third parties, which process your personal data on behalf of Password Crypt.
4. COOKIES
At Password Crypt, we use temporary cookies to improve your experience of the website and the system. Permanent cookies will only be used locally by you and will not be shared with us or others.
5. EDITING OR DELETING ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We have enabled you to edit in the account information you provided during the registration process using the account page once you are logged in.
You can delete a user account by performing the action on the account page or from the front page.
Please note that it is not possible for us to delete your account unless you provide us with your email address (otherwise we will not be able to locate your account).
6. DATA SECURITY
We have established data security that protects your personal data from destruction, loss or alteration, as well as from unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access.
Among other things, we have procedures for assigning access rights to data for our employees, as well as logger access and activities.
Using encryption to protect the confidentially and authenticity of your data forms the core of our business so that security is in place.
In the event of a breach of security which is likely to expose you to a high risk, e.g. in the form of discrimination, identity theft, financial loss, damage to reputation or any other significant inconvenience, we will notify you of the data breach without undue delay.
7. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
There will be changes in this policy from time to time. We will notify you of major changes by displaying it clearly on our website or by sending you an email to the email address you provided in your user account.
There may be forces beyond our control that may result in the disclosure of data. As a consequence of this, we disclaim any warranty regarding the maintenance and confidentiality of data.
8. COMPLAINT ACCESS
If you find that the data processing at Password Crypt is incorrect or illegal, you can contact us using the contact information below.
You also have the right to complain to the Danish Data Protection Agency, e.g. if you are not satisfied with the result of your complaint or the way we have processed your complaint. You can contact the Danish Data Protection Agency by sending an email to: dt@datatilsynet.dk or send a letter to: Datatilsynet, Borgergade 28, 5., 1300 København K.
The Danish Data Protection Agency has a complaint form on their website www.datatilsynet.dk.
9. CONTACT INFORMATION
You are welcome to contact us regarding general questions or if you want to make use of your data rights.
We respond to your inquiry without undue delay and no later than one month after we receive your request.
Contact us at: info@pcrypt.com or +45 5544-4565.