Last Revised: Sep 9th , 2021
A. Introduction
Your service provider is DIANZHONG TECHNOLOGY SINGAPORE PTE. LTD., a company operating under the laws of Singapore, l2 VENTURE DRIVE #11-31 VISION EXCHANGE SINGAPORE 608526. We recognizes that your privacy is very important, and we take it seriously. Your privacy and trust are very important to us, and it is our commitment to being transparent about the use of collected information.
This Privacy Policy describes Webfic’s policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure, and sharing of your personal information or personal data, and the choices you can make about how we use this information when you access or use our Site, Application, and/or Services.
Note that Webfic’s Terms of Service apply to this Privacy Policy. By accessing or using the Webfic website and application, you are consenting that you unconditionally accept this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms found on this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Webfic Services.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS IMPORTANT. WE HOPE YOU WILL TAKE THE TIME TO READ IT CAREFULLY.
B. Age restrictions
Webfic is not intended for children. Children under the age of 12 must not use our Site, Application, and/or Services for any purpose. Webfic will never knowingly solicit or accept personally identifiable information or other content from a user or visitor who Webfic knows is under 12 years of age. If Webfic discovers that a user under 12 years of age has created an account, or that a user or visitor under 12 years of age has posted personally identifiable information or other content to the Service, Webfic will terminate the account and remove the information or other content.
Users between 12 and 18 (each a “Teen”) may not access or use the Service unless (i) both the Teen and their parent or legal guardian have first agreed to these Terms of Service; and (ii) the Teen uses an account established by their parent or legal guardian, under such parent or guardian’s supervision, and with such parent or guardian’s permission.  If you permit a Teen to use the Services, you hereby agree to these Terms of Service on behalf of both yourself and the Teen. You further agree that you are solely responsible for any and all use of the Service by your Teen regardless of whether such use was authorized by you.
C. Data Collection
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services. We use this information to operate, develop and improve our services– from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the author who matter most to you online or which stories you might like.
When you interact with our Site, Application, and/or Services, we collect information that could be used to identify you (“Personal Data”). Some of the information we collect is stored in a manner that cannot be linked back to you (“Non-Personal Data”).
When you log in, we collect information that we store with your account (typically your nickname, email address, and a password for your account), which we treat as personal information. This log information may include but not limited to your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and cookie data. If you log into Webfic with a social networking credential, such as with a third-party account, we will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name and email address. You can stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing Webfic’s access to that account. When you do not log in to our services, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the application and device you’re using. This collection helps us do things such as maintain your language preferences across browsing sessions.
We collect your payment information if you are a paying customer. This information is required to complete a commercial transaction on our Applications and our Sites. We use this information to enable and fulfill your transaction. If you choose to use any third-party’s service to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number directly to the third-party. The privacy policy of the third-party will apply to the information you provide on its website.
If you choose to participate in our survey, we may request certain Information (including Personal Data and Non-Personal Data) from you, and this information will be used to provide personalized help and instructions.
The information we collect and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
D. Use of your data
Webfic uses your data as necessary to perform our contract with you and for our legitimate business interests. The purpose of processing and using your data is listed below:
To help us provide and administer our Site, Application, and/or Services, authenticate users for security purposes, provide personalized user features and access, process transactions, conduct research, develop new features, and improve the features, algorithms, and usability of our Site, Application, and/or Services.
To communicate with you about your use of our Site, Application, and/or Services, product announcements, and software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance, including providing account verification support if you’re having difficulty accessing your account.
To send you direct marketing information and special offers about our products and services through inbox messages. If you do not want to receive any above-mentioned messages, please contact us through dzoversea@dianzhong.com at the time you create your account or any point thereafter.
To display User Content associated with your account and make sure it is available to you when you use our Services.
To calculate aggregate statistics on the number of unique devices using our Site, Application, and/or Services, and detect and prevent fraud and misuse of those.
To analyze what features or actions are taken within our Site, Application, and/or Service to improve your experience.
To verify parental and guardian consent to use Webfic by an underage minor through a payment procedure.
To facilitate your purchases within our Site, Application, and/or Service and validate your real name to facilitate the creation of your Pay account.
To process your payment using a third-party’s payments platform.
For example, we will know how many users access a specific page on the Site and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to better understand and optimize the Site.
If you choose to use our service or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located outside of the country or jurisdiction where your are located, including Singapore. Such countries or regions may have laws that are less prospective than the country or regions in which you reside. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained outside of the country or jurisdiction where you are located, you should not use our Site, Application, and/or Services.
E. Cookies
We use cookies to provide, protect, and promote our products.
A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies can remain on your device for different periods of time. Some cookies are “session cookies”, meaning that they exist only while your browser or the application is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser or application. Other cookies are “permanent cookies”, meaning that they survive after your browser or application is closed. The cookies can be used by the Services to recognize your device when you open and use the Services again.
We use cookies to improve our service quality and better understand how people interact with us. We use cookies to:
Verify log-in information.
Track traffic flow and patterns of travel in connection with the Services.
Understand the total number of visitors to the Services on an ongoing basis and the types of devices.
Monitor the performance of the Services and continually improve it.
Customize and enhance your online experience.
Provide customer service to you.
You have the right to choose whether or not to accept cookies. However, please note that if you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Services.
Most devices (in the case of mobile applications) and browsers (in the case of web apps and pages) are initially set up to accept cookies and allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in your browser’s “options” or “preferences” menu. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
F. Information Sharing
a. Shared information on our Site, Application, and/or Services
Any information that you include in your publicly-visible Webfic profile, which may include your profile ID, nickname, photo and your personal introduction will be shared on our Site, Application, and/or Services to maintain your account in accordance with your instructions and requests.
b. Sharing Your Data outside of our Site, Application, and/or Services
Some Webfic-related features allow you to provide Shared Information to those outside of your Webfic network. For example, publicly accessible blogs and forums, or certain social media features within Webfic (such as "plug-ins" (which create a direct link between two websites)) allow you to re-post and disclose Shared Information. If you share information using these features, third parties unrelated to us may be able to see and use it.
The information we share with such a third party is described to you when you first use that service or feature, and we require that the third party provide the same or equal protection of user data as stated in this policy. You can control which third parties have access to this information in your account. You can withdraw your agreement to the sharing of that information at any time by following the instructions set out here. Please note that if you ask us not to share that information with the third party, you may no longer be able to use that service or feature. We are not responsible for any third party use of any Information provided by you to them.
We do not rent or sell your personal information to other companies or individuals unless we have your consent.
G. Information Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or data destruction.
We restrict access to your personal information to our staff who need to know that information to operate, develop or improve our services.
H. Updating your Information
        We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information and non-personal information for many of our services.
You also have the right to access personal information we hold about you, how we use it, and who we share it with. You also have the right to correct that information.
You can access and correct your personal information by logging into your account at any time.
With respect to correction requests, where we agree that the Personal Information is inaccurate or incomplete, we will try to tell any third party to whom we have disclosed the relevant Personal Information so that they can rectify the Personal Information too.
I. The Ways and Purpose of Data Processing
The types of data we process and the purposes and ways we process it are as follows:
The purpose and ways that we process your data for and by
The type of data we use (specified in Section C).
The actual data we use will depend on your actual situation, but may include the following data:
Providing Webfic involves collecting, storing, sharing, analyzing, reviewing, and collating data when necessary, and in some cases using not only automated processing techniques but also a manual (manual) review process to accomplish the following purposes:
• Creating and maintaining your account and personal homepage;
• Promoting content presenting;
• Providing the comments function;
• Offering the commercial novels; and
• Carrying out an analysis.
We also use the available data to develop, study, and test Webfic improvement. The data we have is used for the following purposes:
• Knowing if Webfic is working properly;
• Solving issues and correcting exceptions;
• Testing New Features;
• Acquiring feedback for Webfic or functions.
Your Operation and Data you provide
• the content you create, for example novel or comments;
• the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation;
• the type of content that you read or comment;
• the application and function you use, and your operation during this;
• the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data;
• the time, frequency, and duration of your operation.
Application, Browser and Device Data
• the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics;
• the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address;
• the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section E) and other similar techniques.
Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party
(You can control Webfic’s action to use the business partner data to make a personalizing advertisement)
We will process your relative data we control and use an automated processing technique, in some cases take a manual (manual)review process to accomplish the following purposes:
• Verifying accounts and operations;
• Investigating suspicious activity;
• Verifying accounts and operations;
• Anti-piracy operation;
• Detecting, preventing and combating harmful or illegal activities;
• Monitoring and preventing spam, as well as other security issues and bad experiences.
Your Operation and Data you provide
• the content you create, for example novel or comments;
• the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation;
• the type of content that you read or comment;
• the application and function you use, and your operation during this;
• the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data;
• the time, frequency, and duration of your operation.
Application, Browser and Device Data
• the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics;
• the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address;
• the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section E) and other similar techniques.
Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party
Transfer, store, or process your data across borders, including with the United States and other
              countries. Because Webfic operates on a global scale, with our users, partners, suppliers and employees all
              over the world, it is necessary for us to communicate data for the purpose of maintaining, analysis and
              improvement Webfic.
Your Operation and Data you provide
• the content you create, for example novel or comments;
• the metadata about the content itself, for example upload address or creation documents date, in accordance with the relevant legislation;
• the type of content that you read or comment;
• the application and function you use, and your operation during this;
• the purchase or other transactions you do including the credit card data;
• the time, frequency, and duration of your operation.
Application, Browser and Device Data
• the device and software that you currently use, and other device characteristics;
• the data that your device links to the Internet, including your IP address;
• the data that is collected by Cookie (specified on Section E) and other similar techniques.
Data that comes from Business Partner, Supplier and Third Party
Processing your data that is specifically protected by the law, so that we can share it with others you
              permit, in order to better serve you. For this purpose, we collect, store, and publish data, and process
              it automatically or in some cases by hand (manually).
Your Operation and Data you provide
• the data about your age, gender, address, and email address which may be specially protected under the laws of your jurisdiction and be provided by you when you register an Webfic account.
J. Data Management or Deleting and Your Rights Exercising
We provide the following tools for viewing, managing, downloading, and deleting your own personal data. You can also visit the Settings page of the product you are using to manage personal data. In addition, you may have other privacy rights under applicable law.
You can use Personal Center, or open the client, click “Profile - “Online Service”, and then contact the customer service by email dzoversea@dianzhong.com to exercise your rights.
I. View and manage your personal data
You are entitled to access, view and manage your personal data via Personal Center, or open the client, click“Profile - “Online Service”, and then contact the customer service by email dzoversea@dianzhong.com.
II. Delete your personal data or your account
If you want to remove your personal data, you can:
• Search for and remove certain personal data
We have provided you with a series of tools that will help you delete certain personal data. For example, you can use the Delete button to remove books from the shelf. You can remove the comments by clicking the Delete button. Once the comments are removed, other users will not be able to see them anymore.
• Remove your account permanently
You can contact us by e-mail at dzoversea@dianzhong.com to ask for your account to be removed.
Once your account is removed, we will no longer supply you with any products or services. We will remove your personal data at your request, except as otherwise required by the law.
We will help you to remove your account data and delete your payment records for unlock chapters. If you permanently remove your account, you cannot reactivate it, and you cannot retrieve your reading, spending, or unlocking records, including the balance of your top-up Coins.
III. How long does it take to delete your personal data?
The time required for deletion varies; for example, deleting your personal data is instantaneous and will be removed immediately. Deleting the account must not last more than 15 days from the date of receipt of the request. If you do not like it, please contact the customer service department and complain.
You can use Personal Center to view your personal data or click “Profile - “Online Service”. You can inquire, correct, delete, cancel user account, and revoke authorized user's operation by contacting client. For safety reasons, you might want to submit a written request. Or some other way to prove your identity. You may be required to confirm your identity before you proceed with your application.
A reply will be sent to you within 15 working days. If you don't like it, feel free to contact customer service to complain.
K. Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date when the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, inbox notification of Privacy Policy changes). Such changes will be used for any and all the information provided by those who have visited, used, or accessed the Service at the time they created their account or any point thereafter. Please note that, by accessing or using the Webfic Platform, you are consenting that you unconditionally accept the updated Privacy Policy.
L. Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Platforms
Webfic allows other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within Webfic’s Platform. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on Webfic directly to you. They automatically receive your IP address when the advertising happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure their advertisements’ effectiveness and personalize the advertising content you see.
Webfic does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
You should consult these third-party ad servers or ad networks’ respective privacy policies for more information on their practices and instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Webfic’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites. Any data obtained by third-party ad servers subsequently shared with Webfic is maintained and dealt with by Webfic under this privacy policy.
M. Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, You may email us at the following email addresses:
dzoversea@dianzhong.com
.