Privacy policy for use of the Volkswagen app
A. Data controller/responsible authority
Thank you for using the mobile application Volkswagen (‘app’). The responsible authority for the app is Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Germany,
vw@volkswagen.de
, telephone: +49-5361-9-0, entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court of Brunswick under No. HRB 100484 (‘Volkswagen AG’ or ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’).
In the following, we provide information on how your personal data is collected, processed and used when you use the app. Please note that you can use various functions via the app. Some functions are provided by Volkswagen AG. We provide you with information about these functions below.
Certain functions are not provided by us, but by the relevant provider on their own responsibility. Please note that Volkswagen AG is not responsible for data processing for such third-party functions and we will inform you of this in the relevant function. Privacy information for third-party functions can be found in the relevant function and the relevant provider’s privacy policy at the link provided there.
B. Processing of your personal data when using the app
I. General information on using the app
a. General functions and module services
The app provides you with individual functions for your Volkswagen vehicle. In the app, for instance, you can create a Volkswagen user account (‘Volkswagen ID’) and change your details (e.g. profile picture) or log in with your Volkswagen ID (Volkswagen ID user account, B.II.a.), select a preferred service partner and store it in your Volkswagen ID (Service partner, B.II.b.), view and manage vehicles in your own garage (Garage and general vehicle management, B.II.c.) or use various functions of our charging service (‘We Charge’). If you have any queries about using the app or individual functions, of course you can also contact Volkswagen customer support at any time and send us your customer feedback (Customer support and customer feedback, B.II.e.). You can forward destinations to the Volkswagen app and the vehicle from other apps (Forwarding of destinations, B. II. f.) and use Google Maps as a map provider (Android only, Data processing through Google Maps, B. II. g.). You also have the option to send a service request to your preferred authorised workshop (Manual Service Scheduling, B. II. h.). You can also take part in surveys to give us valuable feedback for purposes of developing and improving our products and services (Taking part in surveys for the purposes of developing and improving our products and services, B.II.i.). You will find the individual functions of your Volkswagen vehicle in the sections below under B.II.
In addition to the general functions, you can activate and use further services (‘module services’) for which separate privacy policies will apply. The module services include the so-called mobile online services. Mobile online services are vehicle-related digital products and services which can be used within a suitably equipped (or ‘service-ready’) Volkswagen vehicle. To do this, you have to enrol your vehicle for a mobile online service and connect it to the app. To use individual functions and to protect against misuse, you need to link your vehicle to the app (e.g. to verify your vehicle as authorised for the use of We Charge Charging on the Go or for the use of special plans). In these circumstances, we process the vehicle identification number (‘VIN’) of the vehicle stored and selected in your Volkswagen ID and transmit this to the relevant function/service. The respective privacy policies of the mobile online services will be provided to you during the enrolment process and/or pairing. Please note that you are only shown services in the app that are supported by your vehicle or the software version of your vehicle.
b. Data processing for the purposes of app provision
For the purposes of app provision, we process your personal data in line with the relevant specification of the functions or services you use. To do this, we load the applicable data from the associated systems for the relevant functions or services, store it temporarily in the app and update it each time you use the app. This data processing is required for app provision in line with your use (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b GDPR), unless otherwise specified for individual functions or services in this privacy policy. If you log out of the app, personal data is no longer loaded from the systems and the personal data temporarily stored in the app is deleted. If you do not use the app within a year, you will be automatically logged out of the app for security reasons and any temporarily stored personal data in the app will be deleted.
In order for us to ensure the functioning of the app, identify, analyse and eliminate product errors, defects or technical problems, guarantee network and information security and compliance with legal provisions, we also process what is known as ‘performance‘ and/or ‘logging data’ (e.g. app data (e.g. length of app session, installation identification number, country code (ISO 3166-1 alpha-2) based on your IP address), device data (e.g. model name, manufacturer, operating system version, name of telephone network provider) and IT communications data from the app between the mobile device and the back-end service (e.g. URLs of http queries with status code, response time, query size, operating system, error code for network errors in the event of failed queries), unique user identification number (UUID) as well as VIN (vehicle identification number)). We process this performance data based on our above-mentioned legitimate interests for 90 days before deleting it (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f GDPR). In order to find specific product errors and identify deeper problems based on single user requests, we further process a set of data consisting of the unique user identification number (UUID), VIN (vehicle identification number) and the URLs of http queries in combination with a trace ID based on our above-mentioned legitimate interests for 30 days before deleting it (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f GDPR).
We use service providers to provide the app. If service providers (‘processors’) process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded a data processing agreement and agreed appropriate guarantees on safeguarding the protection of personal data with these processors. We select our processors with care. They process personal data exclusively for the purposes of fulfilling their responsibilities and are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organisational measures for the protection of personal data at their disposal and are regularly monitored by us.
To provide the app and for the purpose of providing support, the personal data collected is processed by CARIAD SE, Major-Hirst-Straße 7, 38442 WOLFSBURG, GERMANY, on our behalf and and according to our instructions.
For the purposes of providing the app and individual functions, the personal data processed by CARIAD SE is stored in a web service cloud operated by Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, D18 P521, Ireland. At Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, the personal data is encrypted according to the agreements made with CARIAD SE and exclusively processed on data servers in the European Union. (Read) access to the information by Microsoft Corporation or subsidiaries with headquarters in a state outside of the EU/EEA cannot be ruled out. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transmission of personal data to processors have been concluded to ensure sufficient protection of your personal data. You can download the EU standard contractual clauses from the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
We use New Relic, Inc., 188 Spear Street, Suite 1,000, San Francisco, California 94105, United States, as a processor to process the performance data. It stores the performance data in data centres in Germany. As New Relic, Inc. is based in the USA, (read) access to data from the USA cannot be ruled out. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transmission of personal data to processors in third countries were concluded to ensure sufficient protection of your personal data. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses from the following URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
c. Push notifications
The first time you open the app, you will be asked whether you would like to receive push notifications. Push notifications allow us to provide you with information on individual functions or services when the app is running in the background (e.g. in case the charging process is stopped). You can configure in the app which functions you wish to receive push notifications for. In addition, you can activate or deactivate this function at any time via the “Notifications” setting in your device settings. However, if you have activated push notifications, we save a ‘push token’ for your device in order to be able to send you notifications. This processing of data is based on your express consent, which we request when you first access the app (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a GDPR). If you revoke your consent, we delete the push token and will not send you further push notifications. Depending on your device’s operating system, we use the push notification services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irleland, as processors to allow us to send you push notifications. We cannot preclude the possibility that the information will be accessed Google LLC, with its headquarters in the USA. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transmission of personal data to processors in third countries were concluded. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses from the following URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
d. Enabling location/processing geodata
The use of specific functions or services (e.g. to find available charging stations, find a dealership, find your own vehicle) is only possible if we can access your location on your device and process your geodata. Accordingly, transfer of your device’s position data may take place within the app. Position data is only transferred if you have activated this function in the app. You can activate and deactivate this function at any time via the ‘Notifications’ setting in your device settings. This processing of data is based on your express consent, which we request when you first access the app (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a GDPR). If you revoke your consent, we will not access your location. Without access to your location, some services are not available or only available with restrictions.
e. Camera access
The use of specific functions or services (e.g. vehicle enrolment with VIN Scanner) is only possible if the app can access your camera on your device. The camera function can only be used if you have activated this function in the app. You can activate this function at any time via the ‘Notifications’ setting in your device settings. When this function is activated, we process the personal data that you record with the camera while using the corresponding app functions. This processing of data is based on your express consent, which the app requests the first time you access the relevant function (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a GDPR). If you revoke your consent, the app will not access your camera. Without access to your camera, some functions are not available or only available with restrictions.
f. Biometric authentication
The use of biometric authentication (e.g. fingerprint or face recognition) on your device (e.g as an alternative to entering the S-PIN) is only possible if you give the app permission to access this function. This access takes place based on your express permission, which we request the first time a security-related function is accessed. If you withdraw your permission, the biometric authentication shall no longer be used. You may withdraw permission at any time by disabling access to the biometric authentication via the settings in your app.
If you permit the use of biometric authentication, you may use it to operate certain functions of our app (e.g. use of fingerprint instead of entering the S-PIN). Our app uses a function from your operating system (Android or iOS) for this purpose that verifies your identity using your fingerprint and/or face recognition, for instance. If you have activated this function, information (e.g. your S-PIN) shall be stored locally in encrypted form in your smartphone’s app storage. Once your identity has been verified, this information shall be used in the app (e.g. the S-PIN shall be loaded in the app). Please note that neither Volkswagen AG nor the manufacturer of the operating system (Google LLC or Apple Inc.) shall obtain access to your biometric data. The processing takes place locally on your smartphone instead.
g. Processing for the purposes of advertising and contractual communication for Volkswagen AG
Volkswagen AG constantly strives to provide you with information that is as personally tailored to you as possible in order to improve advertising for the marketing of its products and services. This requires sound analysis of your use of our products and services. If you have granted us your consent to this, Volkswagen AG processes data from the Volkswagen ID user account and from of the Volkswagen App. We also use your data to contact you in the context of contractual communication (e.g. for expiring contracts). Details on this data processing (e.g. which data is processed and how exactly) can be found in the Volkswagen ID Privacy Policy
here
.
II. Individual app functions
You will find the individual functions of your Volkswagen vehicle in the sections below.
a. Volkswagen ID user account
To use the app you need a Volkswagen ID user account provided by Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Germany,
vw@volkswagen.de
, telephone: +49-5361-9-0, entered in the Commercial Register of the District Court of Brunswick under No. HRB 100484 (‘Volkswagen AG’). You can log into numerous online services (e.g. websites or applications) from Volkswagen AG or third parties using the Volkswagen ID. It acts as a central user account that you can use to manage your personal data centrally. The data processing required for this is performed for the purposes of contract fulfilment (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b GDPR). Registration requires your email address and a password personally chosen by you. Please refer to the comprehensive privacy policy for the Volkswagen ID. This policy can be viewed at
https://vwid.vwgroup.io/data-privacy
.
You can manage the data in your Volkswagen ID user account at any time. If the use of an individual function or service requires details from your Volkswagen ID that you have deleted from your Volkswagen ID or have stored in your Volkswagen ID user account, the next time you open the app, we will inform you of which details you must add to your Volkswagen ID user account or approve for the relevant function or service. It is possible to store multiple Volkswagen ID user accounts in the app. If you have stored multiple Volkswagen ID user accounts in the app, you have the option to switch user account without logging out and back in again via the app’s profile section.
b. Service partners
If you select a preferred service partner, we access your location – if you have enabled this function on your device – and process your geodata when you access this service in order to show you service partners near you. If you select a preferred service partner in this process, this information is also stored in your Volkswagen ID user account.
c. Garage and general vehicle management
The virtual garage allows you to save vehicles you have ordered or already own in your own user profile so you can view your vehicles and we can offer you convenient access to additional vehicle-related services in this app without having to identify your vehicle again. You need to enter the commission number (for vehicles still in production) or the vehicle identification number (VIN, for vehicles already owned) to identify your vehicle. If this data is already available in your Volkswagen ID user account, this is transmitted to the garage. If you decide to enter this data, it is also stored in your Volkswagen ID user account.
In addition to entering the vehicle identification number (VIN) manually, you can also scan it using the camera function of your mobile device. To do this, you must allow access to the camera on your mobile device the first time you use the Volkswagen app. (see section B.II.a.)
When you register, in the event of any errors that occur, and for support and monitoring purposes, we will record the following data: your Volkswagen ID in the form of the username and your vehicle identification number (if errors occurred in a function with a vehicle context and you have previously added a vehicle to your Volkswagen ID user account). This log data is stored in encrypted form and deleted again automatically after 30 days.
We use WirelessCar Inc., SE-405 08 Gothenburg, Sweden and Audi AG, Auto-Union-Str. 1, 85057 Ingolstadt, Germany, as processors for hosting services.
d. We Charge
With the We Charge charging service, you can use various optional services for electric vehicles, in so far as they are provided or available in/for a certain country, app version, mobile device and vehicle model.
We Charge charging services (Home Charging / Charging on the Go)
With We Charge, you can use the Home Charging or Charging on the Go feature as well as associated online services.
(1a) We Charge Charging at Home
Please note that use of We Charge Charging at Home and associated online services first requires electrical start-up and configuration of a wallbox with connectivity functions (ID.Charger Pro/Connect wallbox), provided by Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Mollstrasse 1, 10178 Berlin, Germany (referred to as ‘Elli’ in the following). To ensure that your wallbox remains communicative and up-to-date during the electrical start-up and configuration process, Elli processes technical data under its own responsibility (e.g. device identification, brand, generation, device type and software version). Elli is solely responsible for this specific data processing. You can find more information on the processing of your personal data and the assertion of your rights vis-à-vis Elli in the privacy policy at:
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy-policy
If you wish to use We Charge Charging at Home and associated online services, you have to pair your wallbox with your existing Volkswagen ID user account using a pairing code. In addition to entering the pairing code manually, you can also scan it using the camera function of your mobile device. You can then view your charging history and the charged quantity of electricity (only “Pro models” of the wallbox), as well as manage and remotely control your wallbox and manage RFID cards ("charging cards") – e.g. activate or deactivate for use on the wallbox – at any time.
In conjunction with use of Charging at Home and associated online services, we process the following personal and additional technical data for the purposes of service provision and delivery:
Name, address, email address, telephone number for customer and user identification (personal data provided from your Volkswagen ID user account and email addresses of your optional enabled users), wallbox ID, serial number and name and (product) description of wallbox, charging card ID and wallbox management status (e.g. administrator rights), charging card numbers for your enabled charging cards, charging history (e.g. charging volume, duration or time, start and end of a charging session, charging ID, (user) authorisation and authentication information (known as “token”)), connection status and last communication timestamp (history and logging data) and optional location and location description for your charging station (charge point address (EVSE)).
We process your personal data for the purposes of contractual fulfilment (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b) GDPR), specifically to provide the functions of the We Charge Charging at Home service:
- to give you an insight into the active charge level and charging history,
- to perform a Remote Start of the charging session
- to enable you to add or block RFID cards for activating the charging session.
We only process your data for these stated purposes and delete it immediately after the function is provided. No long-term retention takes place beyond this. In the context of backups, however, your data may be stored for up to 24 hours.
We use the following service providers to provide the Charging at Home service:
- CARIAD SE, Major-Hirst-Straße 7, 38442 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Software Asset Management GmbH, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18 D18 P521, IRELAND
Should we transfer your personal data to recipients and processors whose headquarters are outside of the EU, to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data, we have agreed EU standard contractual clauses with these recipients. In addition – where required in accordance with applicable data protection legislation – additional protective measures are taken (such as encryption and additional contractual arrangements) to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses used at the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
(1b) Smart Charging
Elli offers you the opportunity to use the Smart Charging function. To do this, you need to log into the Elli app using your VW ID. In the Elli app, you can give your consent to the outward transfer to Elli of the data required for the use of the Smart Charging function. On this basis, Elli checks under its own responsibility whether configuration changes are required in your vehicle and whether, with your consent, a technical configuration change to charging settings in your vehicle can take place. To provide this function, Elli processes personal data at its own responsibility. Elli is solely responsible for this specific data processing. You can find more information on the processing of your personal data and the assertion of your rights vis-à-vis Elli in the privacy policy at:
https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.documents.elli.eco/docum
ents/privacyPolicySmartChargingApp/ZZ/1.3/privacyPolicy_en.html
In the context of providing the Smart Charging function, we process the following personal data concerning you:
Technical authentication of your Volkswagen ID, your consent to outward data transfer to Elli and the enabling of Smart Charging, personalised access authorisation (known as a “token”), your vehicle identification number (VIN), the charging capability and battery capacity of your vehicle, plus various charging settings (mode, status, settings, profile timer) and the preferred charging mode.
We transfer this data to the responsibility of Elli so it can provide you with access to Smart Charging.
The legal basis for processing is the contract you concluded with Elli (Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b GDPR).
We only process your data for the purposes of use of the Smart Charging function, providing it takes place with us. We delete your data immediately after providing the data to Elli. No long-term retention takes place beyond this. Deviating from this, we store your technical authentication of your Volkswagen ID, your VIN and your consent to outward data transfer to Elli to enable Smart Charging for up to 5 years, as long as your account is being used. Once the account is deleted, this data is deleted immediately.
Personal data is only passed on to third parties if this is required for contract processing, particularly for providing the service.
We use the following service providers to provide the Smart Charging service:
- CARIAD SE, Major-Hirst-Straße 7, 38442 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Software Asset Management GmbH, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18 D18 P521, IRELAND
Should we transfer your personal data to recipients and processors whose headquarters are outside of the EU, to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data, we have agreed EU standard contractual clauses with these recipients. In addition – where required in accordance with applicable data protection legislation – additional protective measures are taken (such as encryption and additional contractual arrangements) to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses used at the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
(2) We Charge – Charging on the Go
i. Search and find charging stations on the map
The "Search and find charging stations on the map" function in "We Charge" allows charging stations to be displayed when using your vehicle’s navigation system. It shows you which charging stations are available and unavailable. You can also view the charging speed in a charging station’s detail view.
The function "Search and find charging stations on the map" can only be used if we have access to the location of the vehicle (geoposition) or an address entered by you and can process this data. Geoposition data is only processed if you have consented to this prior to using the service. You can of course withdraw your consent at any time with respect to Volkswagen AG, with effect for the future, without giving any reason, e.g. by sending an email to info-datenschutz@volkswagen.de, using the contact details in the site notice, and, depending on the front end, in the settings or by re-accessing the Electric Vehicle Route Planner. However, in that event, the function will no longer be available to you.
In order to provide the function "Search and find charging stations on the map", your geoposition (on the basis of point (a) of Article 6 (1) GDPR) or an address you provide (on the basis of point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR) will be processed in order to process your enquiry. No long-term data storage takes place.
ii. Search and find charging stations on the map, details and costs display
If you use the function "Search and find charging stations on the map, details and cost display", we process your personal data by using a token to verify which rates apply to you at a charging station so that we can display these to you. The token grants access to your personal charging plans with Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. This is determined based on the user ID and access permission to your charging plans.
The display of details and costs is only available if you use the We Charge charging service (public charging). Please note that the We Charge charging service (public charging) is provided, independently of the data processing described in this Privacy Policy, in particular for the provision of the charging map, for charging plans, payment methods and the use of the charging service in the context of charging sessions, by Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Germany, and Volkswagen Group Charging CZ s.r.o., Czechia, (within Czechia) ("Elli") under joint responsibility. You can find more information on the processing of your personal data by Elli and the assertion of your rights vis-à-vis Elli in Elli’s privacy policy at
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy
.
In the context of providing the function "Search and find charging stations on the map, details and costs display", we will process your user ID, your Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH token and information about your Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH plan – if you have one – in order to execute the contract (point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR). We process this data for matching purposes to show you the charging station details and costs display. No long-term retention takes place beyond this.
iii. Search and find charging stations on the map, remote charging
If you use the function "Search and find charging stations on the map, remote charging", you can start and stop charging. Depending on the function’s availability in the relevant front end, you are shown the charging costs based on charging consumption and on a calculation basis in real time taking into account the charging plan that applies to you. We process your personal data by using a token to verify which rates apply to you at a charging station. The token grants access to your personal charging plans with Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. This is determined based on the user ID and access permission to your charging plans. Please note that the actual charging costs may vary in individual cases.
The Remote Charging function is only possible if you use the We Charge charging service (public charging), i.e. if you have taken out a valid plan with Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. Information on data processing at Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH can be found in the section "Search and find charging stations on the map, details and costs display".
In the context of providing the function "Search and find charging stations on the map, remote charging", we will process your user ID, your Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH token and information about your Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH plan – if you have one – in order to execute the contract (point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR). We process this data for matching purposes to show you the charging station details including a calculation-based price display and the (remote) start and stop function. No long-term retention takes place beyond this.
iv. Electric Vehicle Route Planner
When you use the Electric Vehicle Route Planner, a route with multiple charging stops for electric vehicles is planned within given parameters and helpful information is provided (e.g. expected stops and charging times for a planned route). The route data you entered is turned into geo-coordinates for the purposes of calculating your requested route and determining the required charging infrastructure based on the route where necessary. We also process the VIN (vehicle identification number), the current charge level and other technical parameters and range-related components that we determine using your vehicle ID (such as vehicle consumption data, battery charging curve, battery size, maximum AC/DC charging capacity and vehicle connector information) to determine the necessary charging infrastructure for your vehicle on the basis of the calculated route.
In order to provide the Electric Vehicle Route Planner, we process your address, your vehicle location, your geoposition and the geopositions of your starting point, destination and intermediate stops, the current charge level, charging stops, route options, vehicle ID, route information, time and VIN for the purposes of executing the contract (point (b) of Article 6 (1) GDPR). We shall store this data for as long as it is needed to provide the Electric Vehicle Route Planner or calculate routes. We generally erase the data as soon as the route has been provided. For technical reasons, deleted routes can remain in the system memory for up to 30 days due to database back-ups. No long-term retention takes place beyond this.
You have complete access to the Electric Vehicle Route Planner in the Volkswagen app as long as your vehicle is enrolled, i.e. your vehicle has been added to the Volkswagen app and is linked with your Volkswagen ID. The description of the function in this section relates to the largest possible scope of use. However, the scope varies depending on the front end you use (such as the app or website) and, as previously mentioned, is contingent on the vehicle being enrolled in the Volkswagen app. Otherwise, some features might be restricted.
v. Sharing of data
Personal data is only passed on to third parties if this is required for contract processing, particularly for providing the service.
We use the following IT service providers:
- CARIAD SE, Major-Hirst-Straße 7, 38442 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, GERMANY
- Volkswagen Software Asset Management GmbH, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, GERMANY
- Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18 D18 P521, IRLAND
- WirelessCar Sweden AB, Vädursgatan 6, 412 50 Göteborg, SWEDEN.
If one of the above service providers gains access to your personal data, it will process this only on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions.
We also use service providers who process personal data at their own responsibility. Here we use:
- Google Ireland Limited (Gordon House, Barrow Street, DUBLIN 4, IRELAND). More information on data processing by Google can be found at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
To provide the function
"Electric Vehicle Route Planner"
we use the following service provider:
- TomTom International B.V., De Rujterkade 154, 1011 ACA Amsterdam, NETHERLANDS
Route data is transferred to TomTom International B.V., (TomTom) in order to calculate routes. TomTom creates and transmits routes based on route data and sends them back to us so that Volkswagen AG can calculate your final route and determine required charging infrastructure where necessary. Data processing by TomTom is TomTom’s own responsibility. You can find more information on the processing of personal data by TomTom and the assertion of your rights vis-à-vis TomTom in TomTom’s privacy policy at
https://www.tomtom.com/privacy/en_gb
.
vi. Transfer to third countries
Should we transfer your personal data to recipients and processors whose headquarters are outside of the EU, to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data, we have agreed EU standard contractual clauses with these recipients. In addition – where required in accordance with applicable data protection legislation – additional protective measures are taken (such as encryption and additional contractual arrangements) to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data. You can download the EU standard contractual clauses from the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
.
e. Customer support and customer feedback
If you have any queries about using the app or individual functions, you can contact Volkswagen customer support at any time and send us your customer feedback.
If you contact our customer support, we process the details and data relating to your query (e.g. name, email address, telephone number, language and – depending on your query – details such as the VIN of your saved vehicle, your device’s operating system, language settings, error analyses) in an electronic ticket to allow us to contact you and process your query. We store the data for as long as this is required for the purposes of your specific query. If your personal data is required and processed for multiple purposes according to this privacy policy, as soon as the last specific purpose has been fulfilled, your data is automatically deleted or stored in anonymised form, which prevents the data from being associated directly with you. When processing your queries, our customer support uses CARIAD SE, Major-Hirst-Straße 7, 38442 Wolfsburg, GERMANY, Concentrix Holding Germany GmbH, Tullnaustr. 20 90402 Nürnberg, GERMANY and Salesforce.com EMEA Limited as processors. We cannot preclude the possibility that the information will be accessed by Salesforce.com Inc. with its headquarters in the USA. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transmission of personal data to processors in third countries (as appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) were concluded to ensure sufficient protection of your personal data. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses at
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.The data hosted in Europe is also protected through the conclusion of Binding Corporate Rules (appropriate guarantee on data processing in non-European countries).
If we receive a query from you for which we are not responsible or competent, we will forward your queries and your personal data to those who are responsible or competent (e.g. your preferred service partner). However, we only forward your query and your personal data if this is required to process your issue and results in faster processing which is more beneficial to the customer, in your and our legitimate interest (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f GDPR).
f. Forwarding destinations
You can enter a destination via various apps (e.g. Google Maps) and share this with our app. The location of the destination is forwarded to our app to show you the desired destinations on the map view of our app and to give you the option of sending it to the vehicle. The destination is only shared if you select this yourself. The destination is only displayed if you have your app open. As soon as you close the app, the destination is no longer available. You can find more information on the handling of personal data in the privacy policies of the apps from which you forward the destination.
You can also share a destination (e.g. a charging station) on your device with your own map service available or installed on your device (e.g. Apple Maps, Google Maps etc.) and other apps (e.g. your email client, your contacts). If you use this function, the relevant map service or relevant app will process your location at the point at which you share it, as well as shared destinations (e.g. an available charging station together with the address). Please note that the map services are provided by the relevant providers respectively under their own responsibility. We are not responsible for data processing. Privacy information for the map service can be found in the privacy policies for the relevant provider, such as for Apple Maps at
https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/maps/terms-en.html
or for Google Maps at
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
.
g. Data processing through Google Maps
Our app uses the map provider Google Maps from Google Ireland Limited, Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4 Ireland, ("Google").The use of Google Maps creates a direct connection to Google servers and your smartphone. This allows the map from Google Maps to be provided. Through the integration of Google Maps, Google independently processes the search terms you enter (e.g. place, postcode), your location and your usage behaviour. Further information on data processing and possible transfer of personal data to third countries (e.g. USA) by Google can be found in Google's privacy information at
https://policies.google.com/privacy
. This data processing is based on your express consent, which we request when you access the map section (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter a) GDPR). This consent is valid for the period in which you have the app installed. Please note that you may withdraw your consent to the integration of Google Maps at any time with effect for the future by deactivating it in the app settings. If you withdraw your consent, we shall deactivate Google Maps and Google shall not process any personal data through Google Maps.
h. Manual Service Scheduling
Our app offers you the opportunity to send a manual service appointment request to your preferred Volkswagen authorised workshop, for instance, if maintenance is required or other services should be used.
For this purpose, we process your service appointment request (vehicle identification number (VIN), service requirement category, date appointment request is sent, your selected Volkswagen authorised workshop and information on the agreed service appointment) and your contact details (e.g. mail or telephone). The data processing required for this is performed for the purposes of contract fulfilment (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter b), GDPR). The data is only processed for the duration of the request and is then deleted in the Volkswagen app.
The personal data collected in the context of Service Scheduling is processed on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions by salesforce.com Germany GmbH (Erika-Mann-Straße 31, 80636 MUNICH, GERMANY). We cannot preclude the possibility that the information will be accessed by Salesforce.com Inc. with headquarters in the USA. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transmission of personal data to processors in third countries (as an adequate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) in order to provide sufficient protection for your personal data. You can access the EU standard contractual clauses used at the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32021D0914
.
For the purposes of improving our product and business processes, improving customer function for the service appointment request in your Volkswagen authorised workshop, optimising the customer benefit and eliminating product defects, we process the data concerning your service appointment request to your Volkswagen authorised workshop (e.g. vehicle identification number (VIN), service requirement category, date appointment request is sent, your selected Volkswagen authorised workshop and information on the planned service appointment). The selected Volkswagen authorised workshop also transmits the following data to us: Vehicle identification number (VIN), time of accepting your service appointment request (lead acceptance), time contacted and time of finalisation of your service appointment request (lead completion). We analyse the abovementioned data concerning you for the purposes of product enhancement and quality assurance for the service appointment request and in order to avoid interruptions or delays in the process of dealing with requests. In doing so, we check, for instance, for errors in the transfer of data to your authorised workshop (e.g. incomplete data or delays in sending data) in order to detect and remedy them at an early stage. This allows us to fulfil the customer’s preference for a service appointment as well as possible and enhance customer satisfaction with the digital services.
In addition, the abovementioned data (see above paragraph)  is passed on to the importer responsible for your country for the purposes of managing and improving processes, e.g. through quality audits.
In the context of the use of processors, we cannot preclude the possibility that the data will be accessed by sub-processors with headquarters outside of the EU/EEA. For the purposes of ensuring an adequate level of protection for your personal data, Volkswagen AG protects this data transfer with suitable guarantees and/or obliges its processors to do so where required. In addition – where required in accordance with applicable data protection legislation – additional protective measures (such as encryption and additional contractual arrangements) are taken to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data. Insofar as processors or sub-processors with headquarters in the USA are certified according to the data protection framework between the EU and USA, the EU-US adequacy decision applies and the USA is deemed a safe third country in this regard.
In the context of the use of processors, we cannot preclude the possibility that the data will be accessed by sub-processors with headquarters outside of the EU/EEA. For the purposes of ensuring an adequate level of protection for your personal data, Volkswagen AG protects this data transfer with suitable guarantees and/or obliges its processors to do so where required. In addition – where required in accordance with applicable data protection legislation – additional protective measures (such as encryption and additional contractual arrangements) are taken to guarantee an adequate level of protection for your personal data. Insofar as processors or sub-processors with headquarters in the USA are certified according to the data protection framework between the EU and USA, the EU-US adequacy decision applies and the USA is deemed a safe third country in this regard.
The processing of improvement and audit data takes place on the basis of our abovementioned interest in enhancing customer satisfaction with our services and offering our customers a timely service appointment through our authorised workshops (see Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f GDPR). The abovementioned data will be deleted after five years.
i. Taking part in surveys for the purposes of developing and improving our products and services
We conduct surveys via our app using an external survey tool. These help us identify needs for the development and improvement of our products and services. For the purposes of conducting such surveys, the company Survalyzer AG, Technoparkstrasse 1, 8005 Zürich, Switzerland (hereinafter referred to as “Survalyzer”), as a sub-processor of our processor Volkswagen Group IT Solutions GmbH, Major-Hirst-Straße 11, 38442 Wolfsburg, Germany, shall process your IP address in the context of connecting to the Internet and use what are known as local storage functions. In this context, small text files which do not contain any personal information are placed in the local storage of the browser on your device and stored there. For Switzerland, where Survalyzer is established, there exists what is known as an adequacy decision of the European Commission, according to which Switzerland has an appropriate level of data protection. During the survey, the responses you have already given and a unique identifier for the survey shall be stored in the local storage on your device. This information helps prevent participants from taking part in the survey multiple times, providing the participant does not delete this data manually. This storage also allows the participant to continue the survey at a later point. The responses and comments you provide voluntarily in the survey are also processed and the survey results are provided to us once the survey is complete (in anonymised form, in principle, unless you have entered personal information in your responses in free text fields). The IP addresses processed are deleted once the survey is complete. The local storage on your device may be deleted by you at any time. There will be no more external access to it once the survey is complete. Processing of your personal data for these purposes is based on the legitimate interest of Volkswagen AG in conducting the survey in order to obtain feedback from users of our app in accordance with Article 6, paragraph 1, letter f GDPR.
C. Your rights
You may assert the following rights vis-à-vis Volkswagen AG at any time free of charge. Additional information on exercising your rights can be found in section D.
Right of access:
You have the right to receive information from us (Article 15 GDPR) regarding the processing of your personal data.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we rectify (Article 16 GDPR) any of your personal data that is incorrect or incomplete.
Right to erasure:
You have the right, in the event that the requirements specified in Article 17 GDPR have been met, to request the erasure of your personal data. Accordingly, you may request the erasure of your personal data, for instance, if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected. Furthermore, you can also request erasure if we process your personal data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data if the requirements specified under Article 18 GDPR have been met. This is the case, for example, if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data. You may then request that processing is restricted for as long as it takes to examine the accuracy of your personal data.
Right to object: If processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. An objection is permissible if processing is either in the public interest or on account of a justified interest of Volkswagen AG or a third party. In the event of objection, you are kindly requested to notify us of your reasons for objecting to data processing. Besides this, you also have the right to object to data processing for the purpose of direct marketing. The same applies to profiling if this is related to direct marketing.
Right to data portability:
Provided that the data processing is based on consent or on the fulfilment of a contract and that it is also carried out using automated processing, you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to forward it to another data controller.
Right of withdrawal:
Insofar as the data processing is undertaken based upon consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent, with future effect at any time, free of charge.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (e.g. with the data protection officer for Lower Saxony) regarding our processing of your personal data.
D. Your points of contact Points of contact for exercising your rights
For information on the person to contact to exercise your rights and for further information, please visit the following link
https://datenschutz.volkswagen.de/?lang=en-gb
.
Data Protection Officer
Our Data Protection Officer is your point of contact for issues related to data protection:
(Datenschutzbeauftragter der Volkswagen AG [Volkswagen AG Data Protection Officer])
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Germany, telephone: +49-5361-9-0
Email:
datenschutz@volkswagen.de
Data controller representative in United Kingdom
Volkswagen Group United Kingdom Representative
Email: ukrepresentative@vwg.co.uk
Version dated: February 2025 (This Privacy Policy is updated from time to time – the current version can always be viewed at the following link:
https://consent.vwgroup.io/consent/v1/texts/WeConnectID/
gb/en-GB/dataprivacy/latest/PDF
.)
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://vwid.vwgroup.io/data-privacy:

Sub-policy 1
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy-policy:
As at: March 2024
Privacy Policy VW Group Charging GmbH
A. Responsible entity
We are pleased to welcome you to the website of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, email:
info@elli.eco
, entered in the commercial register of the district court of Charlottenburg under the number HRB 208967 B ("Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH"), and thank you for your interest in our company and our products. We shall provide you with information regarding the collection, processing and use of your data in the following.
B.  Processing of your personal data
I. Processing of log files
When using the website, certain information is automatically transferred by your Internet browser and stored by us in so-called log files. In particular, the following information is transferred automatically:
an anonymous cookie ID,
the web browser used by you,
the date and time of your visit,
the pages you have visited on our website,
the website you are visiting us from,
as well as the IP address (Internet Protocol address) of the end device from which you have accessed the online service.
The processing of this data is carried out in accordance with Article 6 Para 1 lit. f of the GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to display the website properly for you. The data will be erased after 14 days.
Google Ireland ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland is the processor for hosting the online shop. Google encrypts the data in accordance with the agreements made with us and processes it exclusively on data servers in the European Union. A (read) access to the information by Google LLC with its registered office in the USA cannot be excluded. Appropriate EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in order to provide adequate protection with regard to your personal data. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
II. Contact and customer service
You can contact us using the stored e-mail address or telephone number, and send us a request. In this context, we process the information and data provided by you (including personal data) in a ticket so that we can contact you and process your request (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg that works as our processor, and Majorel Berlin GmbH, Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin, support us in the processing. Your data will also be stored and processed in our CRM system. We have commissioned Salesforce.com, Inc. (The Landmark @ One Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) as processor for this purpose. An access to information by Salesforce.com, Inc. cannot be excluded; in this respect, a corresponding EU standard contract (an appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
. We will erase your data as soon as we have responded to your request to your satisfaction, unless there are other retention periods (e.B. tax-related retention periods) that contradict this.
Chatbot ISA
On our website, we use the Chatbot ISA (Intelligent Service Agent) provided by Heidelberger Services AG, Wilhelmsfelder Str. 13b, 69118 Heidelberg, Germany, through our data processor powercloud GmbH, Max-Planck-Str. 1, 77656 Offenburg, Germany. We use the chatbot to facilitate easier communication with our customers regarding the energy industry. You can use the chatbot to receive information in near real-time. When using the chat, the following personal data is stored:
Date and time of access,
Browser type and version,
Operating system used,
URL of the previously visited website, if the chatbot is also integrated there,
Amount of data transmitted,
Content of the exchanged messages (chat history),
Geographical location and time zone.
It is possible to provide feedback to our chatbot. This feedback function is used to further develop and make our chatbot more user-friendly. As part of the feedback, you can include free text to improve our product. If you provide personal data here, it will be processed by us and our service providers in connection with the feedback provided. We do not process it for other purposes.
Data processing by the chatbot only takes place after you have given your consent via the cookie banner. The legal basis is therefore your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
We use cloud service providers and software operators as data processors for processing your personal data. These are contractually bound to our instructions.
Depending on the course of the conversation, additional personal data entered by you in the chat may be stored. The type of personal data stored depends on your individual query. Your data, as well as your feedback, if it allows conclusions about your identity, will be deleted six months after the final processing of your query or feedback analysis.
Providing your data is voluntary, based on your consent. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect. Without providing your data, you cannot use the chat function.
III. Processing in the scope of the order process
We process the data provided by you in the scope of the order process for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Your personal data required for this includes private contact information and identification data (such as name, address and email address) as well as IT usage data (such as order ID, time of the order) and bank details (see the paragraph on "Data processing for payment purposes" for further information on this).
We process your personal data for as long as required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR), we will erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We will also erase the personal data if required to do so for other legal reasons. In accordance with these general principles, we will basically erase personal data immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or if the specified purpose no longer exists, and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis no longer applies.
Insofar as the service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. In addition, we select our service providers carefully; they process the personal data with the exclusive purpose of fulfilling their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions. They have put appropriate technical and organizational measures in place for the protection of personal data, and they are regularly monitored by us. We have concluded corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IV. Ordering E-MOBILITY EQUIPMENT
Order with an Elli user account
In order to create and manage a profile, you can register for a user account directly with Elli. We process your personal contact information and identification data, such as name, address and email address for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). You can view, manage and change your details in the customer area. We have commissioned  Google Ireland ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland as a processor for the provision of user account administration services. Google encrypts the data in accordance with the agreements made with us and processes it on data servers in the European Union. A (read) access to the information by Google LLC with its registered office in the USA cannot be excluded. Appropriate EU standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors have been concluded in order to sufficiently protect your personal data. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
Order as guest
You have the option to place your orders as a guest. With this type of order you do not have to register before placing an order, but we collect and process your data required for ordering as a guest (name, address, email address and phone number).
Manage and cancel your order
With regard to orders with a user account, you can view, manage and cancel your orders under "My Account". To do this, you can retrieve the corresponding order under "My orders". By clicking on "Cancel item", you can determine the number of items to be canceled and specify a reason for the cancellation as an option. When you order as a guest, you can make changes to your orders or cancel them using the customer service.
Installation
For a professional service we recommend you contacting our preferred installation partner. On basis of a (Remote) Home Check our partner will send you an individual offer for planning, installing, and setting up your wallbox.
CarCharger
Telephone: 01 25 444 79
E-Mail: Home.sales@carharger.ie
Contact Form:
https://www.carcharger.ie/contact/
Alternatively, you may select your own service provider / electrician.
Further, we recommend that you use the user manual and the configuration instructions and hand it over to the installer. The configuration instructions explain how to connect your smart wallbox to the internet. This is necessary to keep your ID. Charger Connect / Pro up to date and to be able to correct errors remotely.
Logistics service
In order to be able to deliver the hardware ordered by you, we transfer your contact information (name, address, email and if necessary, telephone number) to our logistics service provider Arvato Distribution GmbH in Gottlieb-Daimler Str. 1 33428 Harsewinkel, as well as further information regarding your order for specific purposes.
Data processing for the purpose of payment
For the purpose of the processing the payment methods offered in this webshop (e.g. credit card), we have commissioned Adyen BV, Simon Carmiggelstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, Netherlands, as the payment service provider. As part of the payment process, your payment data (e.g. credit card data) as well as other personal data (e.g. billing address) may be transferred insofar as this information is required for processing the payment. Adyen BV processes your data on its own responsibility for the specific purpose in the framework of the banking service and hence, it bears the responsibility for the data by itself. For the purpose of fraud detection, Adyen also processes your personal data (e.g. name, billing and/or delivery address, email and telephone number) in its capacity as our processor.
Commissioning and configuration of e-mobility equipment
When purchasing your e-mobility equipment, you can choose between models with WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard. To ensure the communication capability and up-to-dateness of your e-mobility equipment (including WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard), it will transfer the following device-specific data in encrypted form to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at regular intervals and process it there: device identification, brand, generation, device type and software version.
If you want to use other optional online services (control and analysis of charging cycles) in connection with your e-mobility equipment, it is necessary to link the same with your existing user account. In the framework of the use of the online services, the following personal and other device-specific data is transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH for the provision and rendering of performance, and processed there: customer identification, statistics, charging process information, status, connection status and time stamp of the last communication setup.
Alternatively, you can also select a device without connectivity functions. If you decide to opt for this variant of the e-mobility equipment, then data is not transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH.
V. Declaration of consent to advertising
If you want to receive information about our products, you can order the corresponding advertisements. For this purpose, the following data is processed for the provision of the advertisements in the scope of the consent to be given by you (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR): family name, first name, email address and telephone number.
You can withdraw your consent at any point of time free of charge with effect for the future vis-à-vis Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. You will find further information about the assertion of your rights in this privacy policy in the section "Your rights".
Your personal data will be erased as soon as you have withdrawn your consent, provided that no other retention periods (e.g. tax retention periods) prevent this.
VI. Customer satisfaction surveys
In order to fulfil the quality requirements of our customers, we send customer mailings for the purpose of customer satisfaction surveys in order to improve our advertising and customer service as well as our products and services. For this purpose, we use the email address provided by you in the scope of your ID order. To be able to draw conclusions with regard to interdependencies between the type of use of the product and problems arising from the use of the product and your concerns, and to correspondingly adjust our advertising contents, taking into consideration your concerns and the results of your satisfaction survey, we link your concerns and results of your satisfaction surveys to your customer account on the basis of the email address provided by you. Your email address is processed on the basis of Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in aligning our products better to the requirements of our customers. Apart from this, we pseudonymize the feedback collect by us in order to implement further actions for the purposes of analysis, categorization and classification (e.g. allocation to appropriate topics) as well as to calculate other anonymous metrics and key figures. In the scope of pseudonymization, we erase all direct identification features (e.g. name, email, user IDs) and retain indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms). For the purpose of carrying out analyses, we use the processor Google Ireland Limited ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which is the processor of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google LLC"). A corresponding EU standard contract (appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded with Google LLC. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
We erase your data from the analysis and segmentation after five years or in accordance with legal requirements, e.g. if the purpose for which it was collected is no longer applicable and the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
VII.
Retention obligations
We process your personal data as long as this is required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests, we erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We also erase personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal grounds. In accordance with these general principles, we erase personal data in principle,  immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or the specified purpose ceases and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise as soon as the legal basis no longer applies.
VIII. Data processing by service providers
Insofar as service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. Apart from this, we select our service providers carefully. They process personal data exclusively for the fulfillment of their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions, have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect personal data and are regularly monitored by us. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as an adequate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IX. General information related to the analysis of data while using the products and services
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH continuously endeavors to develop new products and services, to improve the products and services offered by it, and to improve the advertising efforts to market these products and services. A substantiated analysis of the use of products and services (analytics) is necessary to achieve these goals. On account of this reason, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from your user account and the linked services, such as e.g. pseudonymous identification data (e.g. a randomly generated pseudonymous user ID), user account data (e.g. preferred partners), transaction data (e.g. charging processes), contract data (e.g. confirmed General terms and conditions), IT use data (e.g. last logins to the services, use of functions) and location data (e.g. truncated GPS Data). The purposes of the processing, the processing itself and the corresponding legal bases are described in detail in the following.
Analysis for the development and improvement of products: For the purpose of developing new (e.g. estimation of adoption rates of new products) and improving existing (e.g. evaluation of the adoption rate of existing products) products and services, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data is pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email address, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after the execution of this pseudonymization that the data analyzed in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The direct personal reference is not restored at any point of time. The results emerging from the analysis (especially metrics and key figures) are entirely anonymous. The processing of pseudonymous data is necessary because there are interactions between the user account and the respective services. In these cases, the use of the pseudonym is imperatively necessary to associate the data from the user account on which the analysis is based and the linked services. The described processing of your data takes place on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you newly developed and improved products and services (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 5 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar as the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
Segmentation for the improvement of advertisements: For the purpose of improving advertisements (e.g. evaluation of relevance for a campaign), Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data that is collected from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data will be pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after this pseudonymization is carried out that the data is segmented in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The described processing of your data is carried out on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you improved advertisements which are personally customized to the user (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 3 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example, as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar that the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations. Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH does not use the results to restore a direct personal reference unless you have given a corresponding consent for advertising (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR).
Commissioning of processors: The personal data processed in the scope of the analysis activity for the purpose of developing new products and improving the existing products and services, and improving advertising is processed by us in Germany. For this purpose, we have commissioned Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google") and Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited with its registered office at 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Microsoft") as processors. An access to the personal data by both Google, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation, both based in the USA, cannot be excluded, which is why corresponding EU standard contractual clauses (agreements approved by the European Commission which ensure that the personal data has the same protection with regard to data processing in non-EU countries as it would in the EU) have been concluded. Google and Microsoft process your personal data exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions in the framework of an order processing agreement. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
X. B2B Partnershop
1) Registration Process
In order to get access to our B2B offers, it is necessary to register for a B2B account. This requires the prior registration of a natural
person who also acts as the administrator of the B2B account. For the registration of an administrator, we process personal data,
namely the administrator's email address, in order to be able to provide the contractual service (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Once you have registered, we store your data for the duration of the contract or until the admin data is changed. If the registration
is not completed, we will store your data for 6 months after your last registration step, during which you can complete the
registration. If the registration is not completed within this period, your details and information will be deleted. You can start a new
registration at any time.
The provision of personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, we cannot offer you access to our
B2B services and registration.
2) Processing on Log Files
Whenever you use the Elli B2B Registration, your web browser automatically transmits certain information which is recorded by us
in so-called log files. Therefore, we process your personal data such as the type of web browser, the operating system used, the
domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP address, referrer URL and date and time of access.
We do not use your data to draw conclusions about your person. However, we reserve the right to check the server log files
retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal use.
The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1(f) GDPR in improving the stability and
functionality of our website.
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Your personal data is stored for up to 7 days; in cases of security issues, we might store your data until the issue is resolved. The
provision of your personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, the functionality of our website and
sign-up process might be instable.
3) Customer service
You have the option of contacting us via the stored email address or telephone number and submitting an enquiry to us. In this
context, we process the information and data you provide (including personal data) in a ticket in order to contact you and process
your enquiry (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).Page 2 of 3
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf to provide customer service. Necessary Data Processing Agreements
and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
We process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the aforementioned purposes. We also delete personal data if we
are obliged to do so for other legal reasons. Applying these general principles, we delete personal data immediately after the legal
basis ceases to exist, if it is no longer required for the purposes stated or if the purposes stated cease to exist and if there is no
other legal basis (e.g. retention periods under commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis ceases to exist.
4) Service Providers
We use service providers to process personal data on our behalf to provide you with our services. Our processors are:
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Google Ireland Limited („Google“)
Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland
policies.google.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Management-Konsole für Hosting und Provisioning
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Netlight Consulting GmbH
Sternstraße 5, 80538 München, Deutschland
dataprotection@netlight.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
TNG Technology Consulting GmbH
Beta-Straße 13A, 85774 Unterföhring, Deutschland datenschutz@tngtech.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Comsysto Reply GmbH
Riesstraße 22, 80992 München, Deutschland kontakt.comsysto@reply.de
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Okta Inc. („Auth0“)
100 1st Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
Processing activity of the contractor:
Authentifizierungsanbieter
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Volkswagen AG
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Majorel
Berlin GmbH
Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Salesforce.com, Inc
Processing activity of the contractor:
CRM
C. Use of cookies and tracking tools
General information
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses various cookies on its websites. Cookies are small files containing configuration information which are stored on your end device. Cookies can basically be divided into three categories. There are cookies which are indispensable for the functionality of the website (technically necessary cookies) as well as cookies on the basis of which a pseudonymized user profile is created (so-called analytics & marketing cookies).
The processing of functional cookies is necessary to enable you to visit the website (see Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR).
Analytics & marketing cookies are only used if the website visitor has consented for this (Article 6 Para 1 lit.a GDPR). Consent is provided with the help of the Cookie-Banner, which must be clicked on actively.
You can withdraw the consent to the displayed data processing via the use of cookies and tracking tools stated, at any point of time, with effect for the future by clicking on the following link and changing your existing preferences in our Cookie Consent Manager:
Cookie Consent Manager
.
You will find the exact list of the cookies used (company, name of the cookie, purpose of use and duration of storage) in the following and at the end of the respective passage (web performance and analysis as well as marketing).
Web performance and analysis
VW Group Charging GmbH uses this data to improve the performance of our website and services and to carry out analysis of the shopping experience with our apps and websites that is relevant to business.
Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. Website tags can be managed via an interface by this service. Google Tool Manager only implements tags. This means: Cookies are not used and personal data is not collected. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which again collect data, if necessary. However, Google Tag Manger does not access this data. If a deactivation was carried out at domain or cookie level, then it continues to apply for all tracking tags, insofar as they are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Elli
elli_cookie_consent
This cookie is used to integrate consent system.
14 months
Elli
_cmpgurl
The cookie is set to store information about the referring campaign URL that the user used to visit the website.
30 minutes
Elli
_ref
This cookie is only set if the referral source is available and the referring website has additional campaign parameters in the URL. In this case, the referring URL is written to this cookie.
30 minutes
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis tool that is used for measuring onsite activities and sales data by VW Group Charging GmbH. This data is used to measure target groups and improve services offered by us to our customers and users online as well as offline. The analysis of functions that our customers use often helps us to understand better as to what the customers find useful. By doing this, we can ensure more relevant results and business decisions. The details of the technology used by our customers such as e.g. which app version or which browser they use, helps VW Group Charging GmbH to identify and resolve technical problems.
The USA is a country that does not offer appropriate protection for personal data in the sense of the EU Directive 2016/679. This implies, amongst other things, that the government authorities in the USA possibly have the right to access your data without you having effective legal remedies.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Purposes of data processing
This list represents the purposes of data collection and data processing.
Analysis
Improvement of on-site services (e.g. recommendation engine)
International data transfer
Technologies used
Cookies
SDK
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Time-related information (e.g. time of occurrence)
Shop information (e.g. country)
Page information (e.g. page type)
Product information (e.g. digital barcode)
Browser information (e.g. browser version)
Device information (e.g. advertising ID)
Purchase information (e.g. value of the shopping cart)
Payment information (e.g. payment method)
Marketing information (e.g. Ad Click ID)
Personal data (e.g. IP address or email address)
App data (e.g. installation date of the app)
Cookie Data (e.g. session ID)
Behavior-related data (e.g. browsing behavior)
Results (e.g. A/B test information)
Location information (e.g. city)
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Place of processing
United States of America and Ireland / European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 5 years
Data recipients
Alphabet Inc.
Click here to read the data processor's privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Google
_ga
This cookie is a Google Analytics persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gid
The cookie is a Google Analytics cookie which is used to store information of how visitors use a website. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
24 hours
Google
_gac_gb_GTM-TD9J8WF
Contains campaign related information. If you have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
90 days
Google
_gat_UA-171423853-29
This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and is used to limit the speed of the request – limitation.
1 minute
Google
_ga_G1Y6SGJNN2
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_ga_XC4B9NNKVY
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gcl_au
This cookie stores information of ad clicks i.e. conversion data to attribute it outside of the website.
3 month
Hotjar
We use Hotjar to better understand the requirements of our customers and to optimize the offer and experience on this website.
With the help of Hotjar's technology, we get a better understanding of the experiences of our users (e.g. how much time users spend on which pages, which links they click, what they like and what they don't like, etc.) and this helps us to adapt our offer according to the feedback of our users. Hotjar also enables us to carry out surveys on the website in order to obtain information from customers on how to improve the website or even the products.
Processing company
Hotjar Ltd., Level 2, St Julians Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julians STJ 1000, Malta, Europe (Website:
https://www.hotjar.com
).
Data processing purposes
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Technologies used
Pixel tags
Cookies
Data collected
Hotjar works with cookies and other technologies to collect data related to the behavior of our users and their devices,
especially the IP address of the device (will only be collected and stored in anonymized form when you are using the website)
Screen size
Device type (Unique Device Identifiers)
Information on the browser used
Location (country only)
Preferred language for our website display
Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually prohibited from selling the data collected on our behalf.
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Place of processing
European Union
Retention period
The Cookies The Coolies have a lifespan of up to 365 days, some are valid only for the duration of the current visit.
Click here to read the data processor's privacy policy:
https://www.hotjar.com/privacy
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
If you want to deactivate the data collection by Hotjar, then click on the following link and follow the instructions provided:
https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
Please note that the deactivation of Hotjar must be done separately for each browser or end device.
Order processing contract
We have concluded an order processing contract with Hotjar to implement the strict European data privacy regulations.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
HotJar
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress
Used to identify the first page view of a user.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjFirstSeen
Identifies the first session of a new user in Hotjar.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample
Determines whether a user is included in the data sample defined by the page view limit of your website.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjIncludedInSessionSample
Determines whether a user is included in the data sample defined by the daily session limit of the website.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjSession_2998291
Saves the current session data and ensures that subsequent requests in the session window are assigned to the same session.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjSessionRejected
If available, this value will be set to '1' for the duration of a user's session if Hotjar has refused to connect to the WebSocket due to server congestion.
30 minutes
HotJar
_hjSessionUser_2998291
Set when a user lands on a page for the first time and ensures that data from subsequent visits to the same website is associated with the same user ID.
30 minutes
Leadinfo
For the collection and processing of IP addresses of business customers, we use the technology of the service provider leadinfo, Hauptstr. 1, 10000 Berlin, with whom we have concluded a contract for the processing of orders. This function is only activated after your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1. lit. a DSGVO).
Marketing
VW Group Charging GmbH collects user journey data to show sponsored contents regarding our products to our customers. In order to select relevant contents for our customers, we use information about the previous purchases and interactions of our customers with the webpage. Wherever possible, we link this data across devices and process data about the displayed advertisement (e.g. whether our customer has clicked an advertisement and purchases something at the end). This helps us to measure the efficiency of our advertisements and simplify the advertising accounting for us.
Google Ads
Description of the service
This is a conversion marketing service for measuring the success of advertising campaigns.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Optimization
Advertisements
Conversion tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Cookie ID
Click path
Date and time of the visit
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Device information
IP address
Information about the operating system
Referrer URL
Web query
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Chile, Singapore, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
DoubleClick Floodlight
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking service by Google.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following:
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?hl=en
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Conversion tracking
Marketing
Optimization
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Singapore, Chile, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 30 days
Non-cookie storage: no
Facebook pixels
Description of the service
This is a tracking technology offered by Facebook and used by other Facebook services such as Facebook Custom Audiences.
Processing company
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Marketing
Retargeting
Tracking
Advertisements
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Viewed advertisements
Viewed content
Device Information
Geographical location
HTTP header
Interactions with advertisements, services and products
IP address
Items clicked
Marketing information
Non-confidential user-defined data
Pages visited
Pixel ID
Referrer URL
Success of marketing campaigns
Use data
User behavior
Facebook cookie information
Facebook user ID
Use/Click behavior
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 720 days at the latest.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Singapore, United Kingdom, United States of America
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., Meta Platforms Inc.
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
tr
Used by Facebook to display a range of advertising products, for example real-time bids from third party advertisers.
Session
Microsoft Advertising
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking and advertising service.
Processing company
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, United States of America
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://aka.ms/privacyresponse
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Remarketing
Conversions
Optimization
Universal event tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Web beacons
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Items clicked
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Worldwide
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Microsoft Corporation
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Microsoft
_uetsid
This cookie is used by Microsoft Bing Ads to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website.
24 hours
Microsoft
_uetvid
This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website.
1 year
TVSquared
Purpose and use of the TVSquared tracking code:
We use the TVSquared tracking code to analyze user behavior on our website and to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. This analysis helps us continuously improve our offers and advertising efforts.
The following data can be collected and processed using the TVSquared tracking code:
IP address: To uniquely identify users.
Browser information: Type and version of the browser and operating system.
Usage behavior: Pages visited, time spent, interactions.
Referral sources: Information on how users arrived at our website (e.g., via search engines or external links).
The data collected by the TVSquared tracking code is transmitted to TVSquared Inc., a company based in the USA. TVSquared Inc. processes this data in accordance with contractual agreements with us and in compliance with applicable data protection regulations.
The storage duration of the individual cookies can be found in the cookie listing below.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
TVSquared
_pk_uid
Enables the InnovidXP tracker to identify individual users, determine delays between response activities, and confirm the continuity of campaigns responded to.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_id or _tq_id
Supports reporting on site visits and actions for analytical reporting to Innovid.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_ses
Confirms a single user for a single session, i.e., how long the user stays on the site.
30 minutes
Chatbot ISA
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
hsag_variable_userId
Used to assign a chat activity to a specific conversation.
1 year
D. Your rights
You can assert your rights below against Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any point of time free of charge. You will find information about exercising your rights in Section E.
Right of access:
You have the right to receive information from us regarding the processing of your personal data (Article 15 GDPR).
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we rectify incorrect or incomplete personal data concerning you (Article 16 GDPR).
Right to erasure:
Provided that the requirements set out in Article 17 GDPR are met, you have the right to request erasure of your data. Accordingly, you may request erasure of your data, for example, provided that it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected. You can also request erasure if we process your data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to request restriction of the processing of your data if the requirements of Article 18 GDPR are met. This is the case, for example, if you dispute the accuracy of your data. You can then request restriction of processing for the duration of verification of the accuracy of the data.
Right to object:
If processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, then you have the right to object to the processing of your data. An objection is admissible if the processing is done either in the public interest or on the basis of a legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH or a third party. In the event of an objection, we request that you inform us of the reason for which you object to data processing.
You also have the right to object to data processing for the purposes of direct advertising. This also applies for profiling, insofar as this is in connection with direct advertising.
Right to data portability:
Insofar as the data processing is carried out on the basis of consent or performance of a contract and this is done using automated processing, then you have the right to receive your data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transfer it to another data processor.
Right of withdrawal:
If data processing is based on consent, then you have the right to withdraw the consent free of charge at any time with effect for the future.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (e.g. the State Data Protection Officer for Berlin) regarding our processing of your data.
E. Your contact
Contact details data protection officer
You can contact our data protection team at any time to assert your rights or for questions regarding the processing of your personal data:
info-datenschutz@elli.eco
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
When contacting the data protection officer, please name Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH as the company to which your inquiry relates. Please refrain from enclosing sensitive information such as a copy of an ID card with your inquiry.
Sub-policy 2
https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.documents.elli.eco/documents/privacyPolicySmartChargingApp/ZZ/1.3/privacyPolicy_en.html:
Privacy Policy Elli Smart Charging
Thank you for using our Elli Smart Charging mobile application (“app”). This information applies to the following services and functions, provided they are available in a country, an app version and depending on the mobile device and vehicle model.
Please find below information about the data controllers and their responsibilities (Section A), how your data is collected, processed, and utilized in connection with the use of the app for information purposes (Section B) and in connection with the use of Elli Smart Charging (Sections C–H), as well as about your rights and contact persons (Sections I and J).
A. Controller
If you use the Elli Smart Charging service (“Charging Service”), your data will be processed by Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, e-mail:
info@elli.eco
, registered under No. HRB 208967 B (“Elli Germany”) in the commercial register of the Charlottenburg District Court.
Elli Germany, known as “Elli,” is hereinafter referred to as “Elli,” “we,” or “us.”
B. General information on using the app
I. General information
Unless you register or otherwise provide us with information, we collect the data described below, which is technically necessary for us to offer you the functions of the App and to ensure the stability and security of the App:
Operating system;
Date and time of the inquiry;
Device type;
Amount of data transferred in each instance.
This information is processed to make it technically possible for you to use our app, since the automatically collected data is required by us in order to provide a functional app (e.g., by adapting the app to the requirements of the specific type of device you are using). In addition, this information is processed to optimize the app as well as to ensure the stability and security of the app and our IT systems. The automatically collected data is not personal data and cannot be used to identify you. It is stored for 30 days and then duly deleted, unless the law stipulates that the data be stored for a longer period or there are justifiable grounds for doing so.
II. Tracking Tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses Microsoft App Center and Firebase to collect anonymous data on the use of the software for the purpose of improving the software, the components configured with it and the services. Documented are the frequency of use of the software, individual functions, malfunctions of the software, model, version and status information of the component as well as model, operating system, language and country of the device. No personal data will be transmitted to Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH.
III. Attribution tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses the Adjust analytics platform for app attribution, to improve the user experience, and to optimize the scaling of the app. We collect and process the following data for this purpose:
Attribution data
User IDs generated by us
Device-specific data (e.g., model, device advertising ID, language, device location)
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model)
Authentication media
Information about charging activities (e.g., charging logs, charging sessions)
Subscription information
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge. Go to “Your rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on exercising your rights. For this purpose, we employ the services of the processor Adjust GmbH (“Adjust”), headquartered at Saarbrücker Str. 37a, 10405 Berlin, Germany.
IV. Analytics tools
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses the Amplitude analytics platform for app analytics to gain insights into the use of the app and its features. This allows us to improve your experience by implementing updates or new features tailored to your needs. The analytics platform is provided by Amplitude, Inc. (“Amplitude”), located at 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. We collect and process the following data for this purpose:
Elli user ID in pseudonymized form
App events
Device-specific data (e.g., device ID, model, language, device location, settings)
IP address
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model, vehicle identification number, state of charge)
Authentication media
Information about charging activities (e.g., charging logs, charging sessions, charging station search)
Charger-specific data (e.g., model)
Subscription and account information
Amplitude is not able to establish the identity of an individual user. We do not receive any data on individual users from Amplitude, only statistics and analyses in an overall context, which are made available to us in aggregated form via the user interface provided by Amplitude. We make no attempt to identity or track the behavior of individual users.
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge. Go to “Your rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on exercising your rights. We will also delete your personal data after three (3) years at the latest or when the purpose no longer exists. Data is transferred to the USA when data is processed by Amplitude Amplitude is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, which serves as an adequacy decision of the EU as a guarantee for third-country transfers. Beyond that, we have also concluded standard contractual clauses with Amplitude. You can request information on the content of these clauses from the contacts listed in this Privacy Policy.
You can find additional information on data processing in Amplitude’s privacy policy:
https://amplitude.com/privacy
V. Feature management with LaunchDarkly
We use the LaunchDarkly feature management platform in order to use feature flags in the app. This enables us to selectively enable and test various features in the app and thereby improve your experience and the quality of the app. For this purpose, we process user profile data (e.g., e-mail address, user ID, country) as well as app and device-specific data (e.g., app version, brand, operating system).
The associated data processing is carried out on the basis of your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent granted to Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time free of charge. Go to “Your rights” in this Privacy Policy for further information on exercising your rights. We will also delete your personal data after three (3) years at the latest or when the purpose no longer exists.
For this service, we use the platform of Catamorphic Co. dba LaunchDarkly, who provides the service (“LaunchDarkly”), located at 1999 Harrison St., Suite 1100, Oakland, CA 94612 U.S. Your data will be transferred to the USA for this purpose. To this end, we have concluded EU standard contractual clauses with the service provider, which act as a guarantee for this transfer of data. You can request information on the content of these standard contractual clauses at any time from the contacts listed in Section J.
VI. Remote logging
We log your use of the app by means of the remote logging function provided as a Google Cloud service. Along with that, we also log other problems beyond crashes, bugs, or residual currents. This allows us to investigate potential problems across all devices and troubleshoot them more quickly. Our aim in using remote logging is to ensure that you can use the app free of error at all times and that all content is made available to you free of any problems. We use the Google service for this purpose, which is why the following personal data is transmitted to Google:
Operating system (iOS, Android, etc.)
User Agent
Language settings
Your client ID
The client ID is randomly generated when the app is downloaded and saved on the backend. If you delete the app and download it again, a new client ID will be generated.
Processing is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest in the functionality of our service and our app environment (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR). Your data will be deleted once the purpose ceases to apply. You can read about your right to object and how to assert it in Sections I and J.
For this service, we employ the services of Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which uses Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, U.S. (“Google LLC”) as a sub-processor. This means that data may be transferred to the USA. For more information on this, please read Google’s privacy policy:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/cloud-privacy-notice?hl=en
. The EU standard contractual clauses used by Google can be viewed under the following link:
https://cloud.google.com/terms/eu-model-contract-clause
C. Processing of Your Data Upon Conclusion of the Agreement
I. Elli user ID (linking it to your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle)
To use our service via the Elli Smart Charging app, you need an active user account with the relevant manufacturer of your vehicle. To create and manage a profile in order to use the optional online services, it is necessary to link your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle to your Elli user ID.
You have the option of redirecting the Elli Smart Charging app to your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle, logging in with the aforementioned account, and registering the link using your Elli user ID in this account. Please note the detailed privacy policy that applies for your vehicle manufacturer. This can be viewed on the website of your vehicle manufacturer, in the information and directions on use, or on other media provided by your vehicle manufacturer as the responsible service provider. We process the data from your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle (your personal contact and identification data, such as your name, address, and e-mail address) for the purpose of fulfilling the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose specified above.
When you successfully log in to your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle, a corresponding Elli user ID is automatically generated that enables you to use our Elli Smart Charging services. To use our service via the Elli Smart Charging app, you need a linked Elli user ID. When you use our services, we process the data from your user account (your personal contact and identification data, such as your name and postal/e-mail address) for purposes of fulfilling the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR). We use Auth0 (10800 NE 8th Street, Suite 700, Bellevue, WA 98004, U.S.) to provide your account and login with your ELLI ID. Use includes the storage of personal contact and identification data, such as name and postal/e-mail address. The standard contractual clauses drawn up by the European Commission (as an appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) have been concluded for the transfer of personal data. We will be happy to provide you with information on the content of the standard contractual clauses on request.
Once your user accounts/IDs have been successfully linked, you can access charging settings and information on the state of the charge at any time as well as manage and remotely control your vehicles (e.g., manage access options).
II. Charge at Home (only available for chargers with connectivity features)
Please note that the use of Charge at Home services and associated online services (e.g., optimized charging at home charging stations on the basis of: power generated by solar panels based on real-time data; power generated by solar panels based on forecast data; European Power Exchange prices; flexible electricity tariffs) requires that the electrical installation, configuration, and connection of a charger be carried out in advance and, depending on the services used, other devices equipped with connectivity features.
a. Linking the charger
We process the following device-specific technical data, which is regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted form, in order to ensure that your charger is up-to-date and able to communicate, including the Wi-Fi connection or LTE mobile communications standard (so-called connectivity features), as part of the electrical installation and configuration process: device ID, brand, generation, device type, and software version (technical data).
Within the scope of using optional online services, we process the following personal and other technical data in order to provide and render the following services:
customer and user ID (data shared from your user account and e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked);
charger ID and charger management status (e.g., administration authorizations);
RFID of the charging cards you activated;
charging statistics and information on the charging process (e.g., charging volume, duration and/or time, the starting and stopping of a charging session, charging ID);
the connection status and time stamp from the most recent time communication was established (history and logging data);
the location and description of the location of your charging station (address of the charge point (EVSE)) and of other technical equipment (address of the solar panels to determine the geo-location within a radius of up to 100 meters) (optional).
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations” for further information on the retention periods for your data and to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
b. Linking the vehicle
We process the following device-specific technical data, which is regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted form, in order to ensure that it is possible to communication with your vehicle during the electrical installation and configuration process: vehicle identification number (VIN), make, generation, model type, and software version (technical data).
If you want to use optional online services, you will need to authorize your vehicle and link it to your existing Elli user account/user ID by way of a user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle (see Section C., Subsection I. Elli user ID (linking it to your user account with the manufacturer of your vehicle)).
Within the scope of using optional online services, we therefore process the following personal data in order to provide and render the service described above: customer and user ID (data shared from your user account and e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked). In addition, we also receive the following categories of data from your vehicle manufacturer (e.g., Volkswagen AG) for the same purpose in conjunction with the vehicle identification number (VIN) and your customer ID number:
Vehicles linked to the customer ID number, including vehicle specifications and saved charging settings (e.g., software version, connection status/state of the charging cable, battery, charging power)
Charging settings (e.g., charging mode/strategy, located on the HMI operator’s control panel on vehicle, standardized machine communication)
Changing vehicle settings relating to charging sessions (e.g., subsequent configuration changes made by the user)
Please note the relevant privacy policy that applies for your vehicle manufacturer. This can be viewed on the website of your vehicle manufacturer, in the information and directions on use, or on other media provided by your vehicle manufacturer.
If you want to use optional online services for intelligent charging functions (e.g., Elli Smart Charging services), your current charging settings may result in the optional online services not running optimally caused by certain vehicle modes and entries you made on the HMI vehicle control panel (charging configurations). If this is the case, we will need to carry out initial changes to the charging configuration of your vehicle. At the same time, you have the option of changing the charging configuration of your vehicle at any time to fit your requirements. If you made changes that once again affect your further use of the optional online services, we will notify you of this in the app. Please note that the optional online services may then only be used to a limited extent or they may no longer be used at all.
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations” for further information on the retention obligations for your data and to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
c. Linking other devices (with connectivity features if applicable)
We process, for example, the following device-specific technical data, which is regularly transmitted to our IT systems in encrypted form, in order to ensure that other devices (e.g., Modbus energy meters, smart meters/intelligent metering systems, home energy management systems) are able to communicate and are up to date as part of the electrical installation and configuration process: device ID, brand, generation, device type, and software version (technical data).
If you want to use optional online services, you will need to authorize your other devices and link them to your existing Elli user account by way of device-specific firmware/a device-specific web configuration. You can then access information about power generation/consumption (e.g., power consumed from solar panels/from the grid) at any time, remotely control your devices (e.g., manage access options, prioritize/deprioritize the supply of power to devices), as well as manage them (e.g., enable or disable electrical meters/measuring systems for use with the charger).
Within the scope of using optional online services, we process the following personal data in order to provide and render the following services:
Customer and user ID (data shared from your user account and e-mail addresses of the users you optionally unlocked)
Device ID and device management status (e.g., administration authorizations)
Statistics and history data on power generation/consumption (e.g., amount of electricity, power output, duration and/or time, starting/stopping of electricity flows, transaction ID)
Connection status and time stamp from the most recent time communication was established (history and logging data)
Tariff information (e.g., power supply contract number/ID) (optional)
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations” for further information on the retention obligations for your data and to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
d. Link to power supply contract
If you want to use optional online services that are directly linked to a power supply contract, you will need to link your electricity supplier with your Elli user ID in the relevant customer portal of the electricity supplier using your registration data.
Within the scope of using optional online services, we process, for example, the following personal data in order to provide and render the following services: customer number, contract number, meter number, and electricity meter readings.
We process your personal data in order to fulfill the agreement (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR) for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose specified above. In this Privacy Policy, go to “Retention Obligations” for further information on the retention obligations for your data and to “Your Rights” for more information on exercising your rights.
E.
Retention Obligations
We process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the aforementioned purposes. In the event that you object to processing based on our legitimate interests, we will erase your personal data unless further processing is permitted under the relevant statutory provisions. We also delete personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal reasons. Applying these general principles, we delete personal data immediately after the legal basis ceases to apply if it is no longer required for the stated purposes or the stated purposes cease to apply and provided that no other legal basis exists (e.g., retention periods under commercial and tax law); otherwise, the data will be deleted after the other legal basis ceases to apply.
F. Customer Support
You have the possibility to contact us and send us a request. In the event that you do so, we process the information and data you provide (including personal data) in a ticket in order to contact you and process your request (Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR). We are supported in processing the data by Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg, Germany, and Majorel Berlin GmbH, Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin, Germany, as processors. Your data is also stored and processed in our CRM system. We employ the services of
Salesforce.com
EMEA Limited (Floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AY, United Kingdom) as the processor for this purpose. There is an adequacy decision issued by the European Commission in place for the United Kingdom, which serves as a guarantee for data transfers. Access to the information by
Salesforce.com
, Inc. (The Landmark @ One Market, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) cannot be ruled out.
Salesforce.com
, Inc. is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which serves as an adequacy decision as a guarantee for data transfers. In addition, Salesforce has Binding Corporate Rules in place, which are recognized by the European and British supervisory authorities as a guarantee for data transfers.
We will delete your data as soon as we have responded to your request to your satisfaction, provided there are no other retention periods (e.g., retention periods under tax law) to the contrary.
G. Data Processing by Service Providers
If service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded a data processing agreement with these service providers and agreed to appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. We also select our service providers with care. They process personal data for the sole purpose of performing their activities and are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect personal data, and are regularly audited by us.
I. Data processing on the Google Cloud Platform
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) to process the following categories of data:
User profile data (e.g., e-mail address, first/last name, billing address)
Device-specific data (e.g., model, language, device location)
Information about charging activities (e.g., charging data, charging sessions)
Information on power generation/consumption (e.g., power consumed from solar panels/from the grid)
Charger information (e.g., name, location, configuration)
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model, vehicle identification number, charging settings, battery level)
Information on RFID cards
Device information (e.g., electricity meter/Modbus meter/HEMS number)
Information on consent (e.g., user agrees to general terms and conditions, charger firmware updates)
Tariff information (e.g., power supply contract number/ID)
All other categories of data used under “Data processing for purposes of analysis”
This data is collected and used for the following purposes:
To provide various features in the app and in the charging services
To implement the agreement
To facilitate, improve, and further develop charging services
For purposes of analysis
For this purpose, we employ the services of the processor Google Ireland Limited (“Google”), Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which uses Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google LLC”) as a sub-processor. Google LLC is certified under the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, which serves as an adequacy decision as a guarantee for data transfers.
II. Data processing at CELONIS
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH employs the services of CELONIS to process the following categories of data:
Purchase, shipping, and payment information
Customer Support processes
Data on the use of apps and online stores
Information on power generation/consumption (e.g., power consumed from solar panels/from the grid)
Vehicle information (e.g., make, model, vehicle identification number, charging settings, battery level)
Subscription information
This data is collected and used for the following purposes:
For purposes of analysis (see above)
To visualize process throughput times and optimize processes
For this purpose we employ the services of processor CELONIS SE (“Celonis”), Theresienstrasse 6, 80333 Munich, Germany.
H. Data processing for purposes of analysis
Product development and business planning
Purpose of processing:
To guarantee and improve product quality, research and development regarding new products and services
To identify and solve, among other things, technical issues in the service (bugs)
For business planning, process mining, internal reporting, and forecasting
Categories of personal data for this purpose:
User and usage data
Logs on the use of the charge points showing the customer’s individual charging sessions
Charger data, its usage & location data, information regarding the software version & software updates, additional data on the software version
All data collected during the charging session
Purchase, shipping, and payment information
Customer Support processes
Data on the use of apps and online stores
VIN (truncated to remove the final six digits (vehicle model ID))
Subscription and tariff information
Invoices
The data is processed exclusively pseudonymously for this purpose. Pseudonymization involves the removal of all direct personal identifiers (e.g., name, e-mail address, telephone number). Indirectly traceable identifiers (pseudonyms) are retained. Data is not analyzed in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH until it has been pseudonymized. At no time is a direct reference to a specific person re-established. The results of the analysis (in particular, metrics and KPIs) are fully anonymous. The processing of pseudonymous data is necessary because there are interactions between the user account and the relevant services. In such cases, the use of the pseudonym is absolutely necessary in order to link the data from the user account and the linked services on which the analysis is based. For this purpose, the data is stored and analyzed on the Google Cloud Platform and in CELONIS and Salesforce. The data processed for purposes of analysis will be deleted after thirty-six (36) months (three (3) years). This processing serves the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to meet high customer demands in terms of the existing products and services and to be able to fulfill future requirements of our customers by means of new products and services that have yet to be developed (Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR).
I. Your rights
You can assert the following rights vis-à-vis Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any time at no charge. For more information on exercising your rights, please refer to Section G.
Right to information:
You have the right to receive information from us (Art. 15 of the GDPR) regarding the processing of your personal data.
Right to rectification:
You have the right to obtain from us the rectification (Art. 16 of the GDPR) of inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you.
Right to erasure:
You have the right to obtain the erasure of your data if the conditions set out in Art. 17 of the GDPR are satisfied. You can then, for example, obtain the deletion of your data if it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected. You can also obtain erasure if we process your data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your data if the requirements of Art. 18 of the GDPR are satisfied. This would be the case, for example, if you were to contest the accuracy of your data. You can then obtain the restriction of processing for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the data.
Right to object:
If the processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, you have the right to object to the processing of your data. You also have the right to object if the processing is either in the public interest or on the basis of a legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH or a third party. In the event that you object to data processing, we ask that you inform us of the reasons for your objection. You also have the right to object to data processing for direct marketing purposes. This also applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
Right to data portability:
If the processing of data is based on consent or on a contract and is also carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit it to another controller.
Right to withdraw consent:
If the processing of data is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time at no charge with future effect.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with respect to our processing of your data with a supervisory authority (for example, the Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information of the State of Berlin).
J. Your contact persons
Who to contact to exercise your rights
If you have any questions regarding data privacy or wish to assert your rights, please contact our data protection officer at:
How to contact our data protection officer
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
When contacting the data protection officer, please specify Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH as the company to which your request refers. Please refrain from including sensitive information such as a copy of your ID with your request.
Last updated: June 2024
Sub-policy 3
https://www.elli.eco/en/privacy:
As at: March 2024
Privacy Policy VW Group Charging GmbH
A. Responsible entity
We are pleased to welcome you to the website of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH, Karl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, email:
info@elli.eco
, entered in the commercial register of the district court of Charlottenburg under the number HRB 208967 B ("Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH"), and thank you for your interest in our company and our products. We shall provide you with information regarding the collection, processing and use of your data in the following.
B.  Processing of your personal data
I. Processing of log files
When using the website, certain information is automatically transferred by your Internet browser and stored by us in so-called log files. In particular, the following information is transferred automatically:
an anonymous cookie ID,
the web browser used by you,
the date and time of your visit,
the pages you have visited on our website,
the website you are visiting us from,
as well as the IP address (Internet Protocol address) of the end device from which you have accessed the online service.
The processing of this data is carried out in accordance with Article 6 Para 1 lit. f of the GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in being able to display the website properly for you. The data will be erased after 14 days.
Google Ireland ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland is the processor for hosting the online shop. Google encrypts the data in accordance with the agreements made with us and processes it exclusively on data servers in the European Union. A (read) access to the information by Google LLC with its registered office in the USA cannot be excluded. Appropriate EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in order to provide adequate protection with regard to your personal data. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
II. Contact and customer service
You can contact us using the stored e-mail address or telephone number, and send us a request. In this context, we process the information and data provided by you (including personal data) in a ticket so that we can contact you and process your request (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Volkswagen AG, Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg that works as our processor, and Majorel Berlin GmbH, Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin, support us in the processing. Your data will also be stored and processed in our CRM system. We have commissioned Salesforce.com, Inc. (The Landmark @ One Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA) as processor for this purpose. An access to information by Salesforce.com, Inc. cannot be excluded; in this respect, a corresponding EU standard contract (an appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
. We will erase your data as soon as we have responded to your request to your satisfaction, unless there are other retention periods (e.B. tax-related retention periods) that contradict this.
Chatbot ISA
On our website, we use the Chatbot ISA (Intelligent Service Agent) provided by Heidelberger Services AG, Wilhelmsfelder Str. 13b, 69118 Heidelberg, Germany, through our data processor powercloud GmbH, Max-Planck-Str. 1, 77656 Offenburg, Germany. We use the chatbot to facilitate easier communication with our customers regarding the energy industry. You can use the chatbot to receive information in near real-time. When using the chat, the following personal data is stored:
Date and time of access,
Browser type and version,
Operating system used,
URL of the previously visited website, if the chatbot is also integrated there,
Amount of data transmitted,
Content of the exchanged messages (chat history),
Geographical location and time zone.
It is possible to provide feedback to our chatbot. This feedback function is used to further develop and make our chatbot more user-friendly. As part of the feedback, you can include free text to improve our product. If you provide personal data here, it will be processed by us and our service providers in connection with the feedback provided. We do not process it for other purposes.
Data processing by the chatbot only takes place after you have given your consent via the cookie banner. The legal basis is therefore your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect.
We use cloud service providers and software operators as data processors for processing your personal data. These are contractually bound to our instructions.
Depending on the course of the conversation, additional personal data entered by you in the chat may be stored. The type of personal data stored depends on your individual query. Your data, as well as your feedback, if it allows conclusions about your identity, will be deleted six months after the final processing of your query or feedback analysis.
Providing your data is voluntary, based on your consent. You can revoke your consent at any time with future effect. Without providing your data, you cannot use the chat function.
III. Processing in the scope of the order process
We process the data provided by you in the scope of the order process for the purpose of fulfilling the contract (Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR). Your personal data required for this includes private contact information and identification data (such as name, address and email address) as well as IT usage data (such as order ID, time of the order) and bank details (see the paragraph on "Data processing for payment purposes" for further information on this).
We process your personal data for as long as required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR), we will erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We will also erase the personal data if required to do so for other legal reasons. In accordance with these general principles, we will basically erase personal data immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or if the specified purpose no longer exists, and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis no longer applies.
Insofar as the service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. In addition, we select our service providers carefully; they process the personal data with the exclusive purpose of fulfilling their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions. They have put appropriate technical and organizational measures in place for the protection of personal data, and they are regularly monitored by us. We have concluded corresponding EU standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IV. Ordering E-MOBILITY EQUIPMENT
Order as guest
You have the option to place your orders as a guest. With this type of order you do not have to register before placing an order, but we collect and process your data required for ordering as a guest (name, address, email address and phone number).
Installation
For a professional service we recommend you contacting our preferred installation partner. On basis of a (Remote) Home Check our partner will send you an individual offer for planning, installing, and setting up your wallbox.
CarCharger
Telephone: 01 25 444 79
E-Mail: Home.sales@carharger.ie
Contact Form:
https://www.carcharger.ie/contact/
Alternatively, you may select your own service provider / electrician.
Further, we recommend that you use the user manual and the configuration instructions and hand it over to the installer. The configuration instructions explain how to connect your smart wallbox to the internet. This is necessary to keep your ID. Charger Connect / Pro up to date and to be able to correct errors remotely.
Logistics service
In order to be able to deliver the hardware ordered by you, we transfer your contact information (name, address, email and if necessary, telephone number) to our logistics service provider Arvato Distribution GmbH in Gottlieb-Daimler Str. 1 33428 Harsewinkel, as well as further information regarding your order for specific purposes.
Data processing for the purpose of payment
For the purpose of the processing the payment methods offered in this webshop (e.g. credit card), we have commissioned Adyen BV, Simon Carmiggelstraat 6-50, 1011 DJ Amsterdam, Netherlands, as the payment service provider. As part of the payment process, your payment data (e.g. credit card data) as well as other personal data (e.g. billing address) may be transferred insofar as this information is required for processing the payment. Adyen BV processes your data on its own responsibility for the specific purpose in the framework of the banking service and hence, it bears the responsibility for the data by itself. For the purpose of fraud detection, Adyen also processes your personal data (e.g. name, billing and/or delivery address, email and telephone number) in its capacity as our processor.
Commissioning and configuration of e-mobility equipment
When purchasing your e-mobility equipment, you can choose between models with WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard. To ensure the communication capability and up-to-dateness of your e-mobility equipment (including WLAN connection or LTE mobile communication standard), it will transfer the following device-specific data in encrypted form to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at regular intervals and process it there: device identification, brand, generation, device type and software version.
If you want to use other optional online services (control and analysis of charging cycles) in connection with your e-mobility equipment, it is necessary to link the same with your existing user account. In the framework of the use of the online services, the following personal and other device-specific data is transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH for the provision and rendering of performance, and processed there: customer identification, statistics, charging process information, status, connection status and time stamp of the last communication setup.
Alternatively, you can also select a device without connectivity functions. If you decide to opt for this variant of the e-mobility equipment, then data is not transferred to the IT systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH.
V. Declaration of consent to advertising
If you want to receive information about our products, you can order the corresponding advertisements. For this purpose, the following data is processed for the provision of the advertisements in the scope of the consent to be given by you (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR): family name, first name, email address and telephone number.
You can withdraw your consent at any point of time free of charge with effect for the future vis-à-vis Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. You will find further information about the assertion of your rights in this privacy policy in the section "Your rights".
Your personal data will be erased as soon as you have withdrawn your consent, provided that no other retention periods (e.g. tax retention periods) prevent this.
VI. Customer satisfaction surveys
In order to fulfil the quality requirements of our customers, we send customer mailings for the purpose of customer satisfaction surveys in order to improve our advertising and customer service as well as our products and services. For this purpose, we use the email address provided by you in the scope of your ID order. To be able to draw conclusions with regard to interdependencies between the type of use of the product and problems arising from the use of the product and your concerns, and to correspondingly adjust our advertising contents, taking into consideration your concerns and the results of your satisfaction survey, we link your concerns and results of your satisfaction surveys to your customer account on the basis of the email address provided by you. Your email address is processed on the basis of Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR, as we have a legitimate interest in aligning our products better to the requirements of our customers. Apart from this, we pseudonymize the feedback collect by us in order to implement further actions for the purposes of analysis, categorization and classification (e.g. allocation to appropriate topics) as well as to calculate other anonymous metrics and key figures. In the scope of pseudonymization, we erase all direct identification features (e.g. name, email, user IDs) and retain indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms). For the purpose of carrying out analyses, we use the processor Google Ireland Limited ("Google") with its registered office in Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, which is the processor of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google LLC"). A corresponding EU standard contract (appropriate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries) has been concluded with Google LLC. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
We erase your data from the analysis and segmentation after five years or in accordance with legal requirements, e.g. if the purpose for which it was collected is no longer applicable and the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
VII.
Retention obligations
We process your personal data as long as this is required for the above-mentioned purposes. In the case of an objection to processing on the basis of our legitimate interests, we erase the personal data unless its continued processing is permitted in accordance with the relevant legal provisions. We also erase personal data if we are obliged to do so for other legal grounds. In accordance with these general principles, we erase personal data in principle,  immediately following the non-applicability of the legal basis, if it is no longer required for the specified purpose, or the specified purpose ceases and insofar as there is no other legal basis (e.g. retention periods in accordance with commercial and tax law), otherwise as soon as the legal basis no longer applies.
VIII. Data processing by service providers
Insofar as service providers process personal data on our behalf, we have concluded an order processing agreement with these service providers and agreed on appropriate guarantees to ensure the protection of personal data. Apart from this, we select our service providers carefully. They process personal data exclusively for the fulfillment of their tasks and are contractually bound to follow our instructions, have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place to protect personal data and are regularly monitored by us. Corresponding EU standard contractual clauses have been concluded for the transfer of personal data to processors in third countries (as an adequate guarantee for data processing in non-European countries). The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
IX. General information related to the analysis of data while using the products and services
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH continuously endeavors to develop new products and services, to improve the products and services offered by it, and to improve the advertising efforts to market these products and services. A substantiated analysis of the use of products and services (analytics) is necessary to achieve these goals. On account of this reason, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from your user account and the linked services, such as e.g. pseudonymous identification data (e.g. a randomly generated pseudonymous user ID), user account data (e.g. preferred partners), transaction data (e.g. charging processes), contract data (e.g. confirmed General terms and conditions), IT use data (e.g. last logins to the services, use of functions) and location data (e.g. truncated GPS Data). The purposes of the processing, the processing itself and the corresponding legal bases are described in detail in the following.
Analysis for the development and improvement of products: For the purpose of developing new (e.g. estimation of adoption rates of new products) and improving existing (e.g. evaluation of the adoption rate of existing products) products and services, Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data is pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email address, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after the execution of this pseudonymization that the data analyzed in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The direct personal reference is not restored at any point of time. The results emerging from the analysis (especially metrics and key figures) are entirely anonymous. The processing of pseudonymous data is necessary because there are interactions between the user account and the respective services. In these cases, the use of the pseudonym is imperatively necessary to associate the data from the user account on which the analysis is based and the linked services. The described processing of your data takes place on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you newly developed and improved products and services (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 5 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar as the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations.
Segmentation for the improvement of advertisements: For the purpose of improving advertisements (e.g. evaluation of relevance for a campaign), Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH processes data that is collected from the use of our products and services. In the course of the processing, your personal data will be pseudonymized. Pseudonymization comprises the erasure of all direct personal identification features (e.g. name, email, telephone number). Indirect traceable identification features (pseudonyms) are retained. It is only after this pseudonymization is carried out that the data is segmented in the analytics systems of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH. The described processing of your data is carried out on the basis of the legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH to offer you improved advertisements which are personally customized to the user (Article 6 Para 1 lit. f GDPR). Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH erases your pseudonymous data after a period of 3 years or in accordance with the legal requirements, for example, as soon as the purpose for which it was collected no longer exists, and insofar that the erasure does not contradict any other retention obligations. Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH does not use the results to restore a direct personal reference unless you have given a corresponding consent for advertising (Article 6 Para 1 lit. a GDPR).
Commissioning of processors: The personal data processed in the scope of the analysis activity for the purpose of developing new products and improving the existing products and services, and improving advertising is processed by us in Germany. For this purpose, we have commissioned Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland ("Google") and Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited with its registered office at 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland ("Microsoft") as processors. An access to the personal data by both Google, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation, both based in the USA, cannot be excluded, which is why corresponding EU standard contractual clauses (agreements approved by the European Commission which ensure that the personal data has the same protection with regard to data processing in non-EU countries as it would in the EU) have been concluded. Google and Microsoft process your personal data exclusively on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions in the framework of an order processing agreement. The EU standard contractual clauses applied can be retrieved via the URL
https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX%3A32010D0087
.
X. B2B Partnershop
1) Registration Process
In order to get access to our B2B offers, it is necessary to register for a B2B account. This requires the prior registration of a natural
person who also acts as the administrator of the B2B account. For the registration of an administrator, we process personal data,
namely the administrator's email address, in order to be able to provide the contractual service (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Once you have registered, we store your data for the duration of the contract or until the admin data is changed. If the registration
is not completed, we will store your data for 6 months after your last registration step, during which you can complete the
registration. If the registration is not completed within this period, your details and information will be deleted. You can start a new
registration at any time.
The provision of personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, we cannot offer you access to our
B2B services and registration.
2) Processing on Log Files
Whenever you use the Elli B2B Registration, your web browser automatically transmits certain information which is recorded by us
in so-called log files. Therefore, we process your personal data such as the type of web browser, the operating system used, the
domain name of your Internet service provider, your IP address, referrer URL and date and time of access.
We do not use your data to draw conclusions about your person. However, we reserve the right to check the server log files
retrospectively if there are concrete indications of illegal use.
The processing of your data is based on our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 (1(f) GDPR in improving the stability and
functionality of our website.
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf, especially for authentication purposes. Necessary Data Processing
Agreements and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
Your personal data is stored for up to 7 days; in cases of security issues, we might store your data until the issue is resolved. The
provision of your personal data is neither contractually nor legally required. Without it, however, the functionality of our website and
sign-up process might be instable.
3) Customer service
You have the option of contacting us via the stored email address or telephone number and submitting an enquiry to us. In this
context, we process the information and data you provide (including personal data) in a ticket in order to contact you and process
your enquiry (Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR).Page 2 of 3
We use service providers to process your data on our behalf to provide customer service. Necessary Data Processing Agreements
and safeguards are in place. Please see list below of our service providers in use.
We process your personal data for as long as is necessary for the aforementioned purposes. We also delete personal data if we
are obliged to do so for other legal reasons. Applying these general principles, we delete personal data immediately after the legal
basis ceases to exist, if it is no longer required for the purposes stated or if the purposes stated cease to exist and if there is no
other legal basis (e.g. retention periods under commercial and tax law), otherwise after the other legal basis ceases to exist.
4) Service Providers
We use service providers to process personal data on our behalf to provide you with our services. Our processors are:
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Google Ireland Limited („Google“)
Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Irland
policies.google.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Management-Konsole für Hosting und Provisioning
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Netlight Consulting GmbH
Sternstraße 5, 80538 München, Deutschland
dataprotection@netlight.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
TNG Technology Consulting GmbH
Beta-Straße 13A, 85774 Unterföhring, Deutschland datenschutz@tngtech.com
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Comsysto Reply GmbH
Riesstraße 22, 80992 München, Deutschland kontakt.comsysto@reply.de
Processing activity of the contractor:
Software-Entwicklung
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Okta Inc. („Auth0“)
100 1st Street
San Francisco, CA 94105
USA
Processing activity of the contractor:
Authentifizierungsanbieter
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Volkswagen AG
Berliner Ring 2, 38440 Wolfsburg
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Majorel
Berlin GmbH
Wohlrabedamm 32, 13629 Berlin
Processing activity of the contractor:
Kundenservice
Contractor (company, address, contact) Processing activity of the contractor
Salesforce.com, Inc
Processing activity of the contractor:
CRM
C. Use of cookies and tracking tools
General information
Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH uses various cookies on its websites. Cookies are small files containing configuration information which are stored on your end device. Cookies can basically be divided into three categories. There are cookies which are indispensable for the functionality of the website (technically necessary cookies) as well as cookies on the basis of which a pseudonymized user profile is created (so-called analytics & marketing cookies).
The processing of functional cookies is necessary to enable you to visit the website (see Article 6 Para 1 lit.b GDPR).
Analytics & marketing cookies are only used if the website visitor has consented for this (Article 6 Para 1 lit.a GDPR). Consent is provided with the help of the Cookie-Banner, which must be clicked on actively.
You can withdraw the consent to the displayed data processing via the use of cookies and tracking tools stated, at any point of time, with effect for the future by clicking on the following link and changing your existing preferences in our Cookie Consent Manager:
Cookie Consent Manager
.
You will find the exact list of the cookies used (company, name of the cookie, purpose of use and duration of storage) in the following and at the end of the respective passage (web performance and analysis as well as marketing).
Web performance and analysis
VW Group Charging GmbH uses this data to improve the performance of our website and services and to carry out analysis of the shopping experience with our apps and websites that is relevant to business.
Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. Website tags can be managed via an interface by this service. Google Tool Manager only implements tags. This means: Cookies are not used and personal data is not collected. Google Tag Manager triggers other tags, which again collect data, if necessary. However, Google Tag Manger does not access this data. If a deactivation was carried out at domain or cookie level, then it continues to apply for all tracking tags, insofar as they are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Elli
elli_cookie_consent
This cookie is used to integrate consent system.
14 months
Elli
_cmpgurl
The cookie is set to store information about the referring campaign URL that the user used to visit the website.
30 minutes
Elli
_ref
This cookie is only set if the referral source is available and the referring website has additional campaign parameters in the URL. In this case, the referring URL is written to this cookie.
30 minutes
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis tool that is used for measuring onsite activities and sales data by VW Group Charging GmbH. This data is used to measure target groups and improve services offered by us to our customers and users online as well as offline. The analysis of functions that our customers use often helps us to understand better as to what the customers find useful. By doing this, we can ensure more relevant results and business decisions. The details of the technology used by our customers such as e.g. which app version or which browser they use, helps VW Group Charging GmbH to identify and resolve technical problems.
The USA is a country that does not offer appropriate protection for personal data in the sense of the EU Directive 2016/679. This implies, amongst other things, that the government authorities in the USA possibly have the right to access your data without you having effective legal remedies.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Purposes of data processing
This list represents the purposes of data collection and data processing.
Analysis
Improvement of on-site services (e.g. recommendation engine)
International data transfer
Technologies used
Cookies
SDK
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Time-related information (e.g. time of occurrence)
Shop information (e.g. country)
Page information (e.g. page type)
Product information (e.g. digital barcode)
Browser information (e.g. browser version)
Device information (e.g. advertising ID)
Purchase information (e.g. value of the shopping cart)
Payment information (e.g. payment method)
Marketing information (e.g. Ad Click ID)
Personal data (e.g. IP address or email address)
App data (e.g. installation date of the app)
Cookie Data (e.g. session ID)
Behavior-related data (e.g. browsing behavior)
Results (e.g. A/B test information)
Location information (e.g. city)
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR (consent)
Place of processing
United States of America and Ireland / European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 5 years
Data recipients
Alphabet Inc.
Click here to read the data processor's privacy policy:
http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Google
_ga
This cookie is a Google Analytics persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gid
The cookie is a Google Analytics cookie which is used to store information of how visitors use a website. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visited in an anonymous form.
24 hours
Google
_gac_gb_GTM-TD9J8WF
Contains campaign related information. If you have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.
90 days
Google
_gat_UA-171423853-29
This cookie is associated with Google Analytics and is used to limit the speed of the request – limitation.
1 minute
Google
_ga_G1Y6SGJNN2
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_ga_XC4B9NNKVY
This cookie is a GA4 persistent cookie which is used to distinguish unique users.
2 years
Google
_gcl_au
This cookie stores information of ad clicks i.e. conversion data to attribute it outside of the website.
3 month
Leadinfo
For the collection and processing of IP addresses of business customers, we use the technology of the service provider leadinfo, Hauptstr. 1, 10000 Berlin, with whom we have concluded a contract for the processing of orders. This function is only activated after your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1. lit. a DSGVO).
Marketing
VW Group Charging GmbH collects user journey data to show sponsored contents regarding our products to our customers. In order to select relevant contents for our customers, we use information about the previous purchases and interactions of our customers with the webpage. Wherever possible, we link this data across devices and process data about the displayed advertisement (e.g. whether our customer has clicked an advertisement and purchases something at the end). This helps us to measure the efficiency of our advertisements and simplify the advertising accounting for us.
Google Ads
Description of the service
This is a conversion marketing service for measuring the success of advertising campaigns.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://support.google.com/policies/contact/general_privacy_form
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Optimization
Advertisements
Conversion tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Cookie ID
Click path
Date and time of the visit
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Device information
IP address
Information about the operating system
Referrer URL
Web query
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Chile, Singapore, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-US
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor.
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
DoubleClick Floodlight
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking service by Google.
Processing company
Google Ireland Limited
Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following:
https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?hl=en
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Conversion tracking
Marketing
Optimization
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
United States of America, Singapore, Chile, Taiwan
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Alphabet Inc.
Google LLC
Google Ireland Limited
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en
Click here to withdraw on all domains of the processing company:
https://safety.google/privacy/privacy-controls/
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 30 days
Non-cookie storage: no
Facebook pixels
Description of the service
This is a tracking technology offered by Facebook and used by other Facebook services such as Facebook Custom Audiences.
Processing company
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd.
4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://www.facebook.com/help/contact/540977946302970
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Marketing
Retargeting
Tracking
Advertisements
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Viewed advertisements
Viewed content
Device Information
Geographical location
HTTP header
Interactions with advertisements, services and products
IP address
Items clicked
Marketing information
Non-confidential user-defined data
Pages visited
Pixel ID
Referrer URL
Success of marketing campaigns
Use data
User behavior
Facebook cookie information
Facebook user ID
Use/Click behavior
Browser information
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased after 720 days at the latest.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Singapore, United Kingdom, United States of America
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Meta Platforms Ireland Ltd., Meta Platforms Inc.
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Click here to read the cookie information and settings of the data processor:
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies
Storage information
You can see the longest potential storage duration on a device below, which was determined when using the cookie storage method and when using other methods.
Maximum limit for the storage of cookies: 1 year
Non-cookie storage: no
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Meta Platforms, Inc.
tr
Used by Facebook to display a range of advertising products, for example real-time bids from third party advertisers.
Session
Microsoft Advertising
Description of the service
This is a conversion tracking and advertising service.
Processing company
Microsoft Corporation
One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, United States of America
Data protection officer of the processing company
The email address of the data protection officer of the processing company is given in the following.
https://aka.ms/privacyresponse
Purpose of the data
This list represents the purposes of data collection and its processing.
Analysis
Remarketing
Conversions
Optimization
Universal event tracking
Technologies used
This list comprises all the technologies with which this service collects data. Typical technologies are cookies and pixels placed in the browser.
Cookies
Pixels
Local storage
Web beacons
Data collected
This list comprises all (personal) data collected by or via the use of this service.
Items clicked
Click path
Cookie ID
IP address
Unique identifier of the mobile device
Number of visits
Pages visited
Transactions
Use data
Legal basis
The required legal basis for processing of the data is given in the following.
Article 6 Para 1 S. 1 lit. a GDPR
Place of processing
This is the primary location at which the collected data is processed. If the data is to be processed in other countries as well, you will be informed about this separately.
European Union
Retention period
The retention period is the time period in which the collected data is stored for processing. The data must be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the specified purposes of processing.
The data will be erased as soon as it is no longer needed for the processing purposes.
Transfer to third countries
This service may transfer the collected data to another country. Please note that this service may transfer data outside the European Union and the European Economic Area and to a country which does not offer an adequate level of data protection. If the data is transferred to the USA, there is a risk that your data may be processed by US authorities for control and monitoring purposes without you possibly being entitled to legal remedies. A list of countries to which the data is transferred has been given below. This may be done for various purposes, e.g. for storage or processing.
Worldwide
Data recipients
The recipients of the collected data are listed in the following.
Microsoft Corporation
Click here to read the privacy policy of the data processor:
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Microsoft
_uetsid
This cookie is used by Microsoft Bing Ads to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website.
24 hours
Microsoft
_uetvid
This is a cookie utilised by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website.
1 year
TVSquared
Purpose and use of the TVSquared tracking code:
We use the TVSquared tracking code to analyze user behavior on our website and to measure the effectiveness of our online advertising campaigns. This analysis helps us continuously improve our offers and advertising efforts.
The following data can be collected and processed using the TVSquared tracking code:
IP address: To uniquely identify users.
Browser information: Type and version of the browser and operating system.
Usage behavior: Pages visited, time spent, interactions.
Referral sources: Information on how users arrived at our website (e.g., via search engines or external links).
The data collected by the TVSquared tracking code is transmitted to TVSquared Inc., a company based in the USA. TVSquared Inc. processes this data in accordance with contractual agreements with us and in compliance with applicable data protection regulations.
The storage duration of the individual cookies can be found in the cookie listing below.
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
TVSquared
_pk_uid
Enables the InnovidXP tracker to identify individual users, determine delays between response activities, and confirm the continuity of campaigns responded to.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_id or _tq_id
Supports reporting on site visits and actions for analytical reporting to Innovid.
2 years
TVSquared
_pk_ses
Confirms a single user for a single session, i.e., how long the user stays on the site.
30 minutes
Chatbot ISA
Company
Cookie
Purpose Description
Cookie Lifetime
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinity
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
ARRAffinitySameSite
Used to distribute traffic on the website across multiple servers to optimize response times.
Session
Heidelberger Services AG
hsag_variable_userId
Used to assign a chat activity to a specific conversation.
1 year
D. Your rights
You can assert your rights below against Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH at any point of time free of charge. You will find information about exercising your rights in Section E.
Right of access:
You have the right to receive information from us regarding the processing of your personal data (Article 15 GDPR).
Right to rectification:
You have the right to request that we rectify incorrect or incomplete personal data concerning you (Article 16 GDPR).
Right to erasure:
Provided that the requirements set out in Article 17 GDPR are met, you have the right to request erasure of your data. Accordingly, you may request erasure of your data, for example, provided that it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected. You can also request erasure if we process your data on the basis of your consent and you withdraw this consent.
Right to restriction of processing:
You have the right to request restriction of the processing of your data if the requirements of Article 18 GDPR are met. This is the case, for example, if you dispute the accuracy of your data. You can then request restriction of processing for the duration of verification of the accuracy of the data.
Right to object:
If processing is based on an overriding legitimate interest, then you have the right to object to the processing of your data. An objection is admissible if the processing is done either in the public interest or on the basis of a legitimate interest of Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH or a third party. In the event of an objection, we request that you inform us of the reason for which you object to data processing.
You also have the right to object to data processing for the purposes of direct advertising. This also applies for profiling, insofar as this is in connection with direct advertising.
Right to data portability:
Insofar as the data processing is carried out on the basis of consent or performance of a contract and this is done using automated processing, then you have the right to receive your data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transfer it to another data processor.
Right of withdrawal:
If data processing is based on consent, then you have the right to withdraw the consent free of charge at any time with effect for the future.
Right to lodge a complaint:
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (e.g. the State Data Protection Officer for Berlin) regarding our processing of your data.
E. Your contact
Contact details data protection officer
You can contact our data protection team at any time to assert your rights or for questions regarding the processing of your personal data:
info-datenschutz@elli.eco
PROLIANCE GmbH
www.datenschutzexperte.de
Leopoldstr. 21
80802 München
datenschutzbeauftragter@datenschutzexperte.de
When contacting the data protection officer, please name Volkswagen Group Charging GmbH as the company to which your inquiry relates. Please refrain from enclosing sensitive information such as a copy of an ID card with your inquiry.
Sub-policy 4
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en:
Privacy & Terms
Overview
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Technologies
FAQ
Google Account
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
Data transfer frameworks
Key terms
Partners
Updates
Google Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.
If European Union or United Kingdom data protection law applies to the processing of your information, you can review the
European requirements section
below to learn more about your rights and Google’s compliance with these laws.
Privacy Checkup
Looking to change your privacy settings?
Take the Privacy Checkup
Effective September 16, 2024
|
Archived versions
|
Download PDF
Contents
Introduction
Information Google collects
Why Google collects data
Your privacy controls
Sharing your information
Keeping your information secure
Exporting & deleting your information
Retaining your information
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
European requirements
About this policy
Related privacy practices
We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:
Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home
Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system
Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps
You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like
Chrome Incognito
mode, which helps keep your browsing private from other people who use your device. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control whether we collect some types of data and how we use it.
To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for
key terms
. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can
contact us
.
Information Google collects
We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services
We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which
ads you’ll find most useful
,
the people who matter most to you online
, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.
When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or
device
you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity.
When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as
personal information
.
Things you create or provide to us
When you create a Google Account, you provide us with
personal information
that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a
phone number
or
payment information
to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services.
We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services.  This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.
Information we collect as you use our services
Your apps, browsers & devices
We collect information about the apps, browsers, and
devices
you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.
The information we collect includes
unique identifiers
, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including
IP address
, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and
referrer URL
of your request.
We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an
Android device with Google apps
, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your
device type and carrier name
, crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings,
other information about how you’re using your Android device
.
Your activity
We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:
Terms you search for
Videos you watch
Views and interactions with content and ads
Voice and audio information
Purchase activity
People with whom you communicate or share content
Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Chrome browsing history you’ve
synced with your Google Account
If you use our
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.
You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.
Go to Google Account
Your location information
We collect location information when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your location.
Depending on the products you’re using and settings you choose, Google may use different types of location information to help make some services and products you use more helpful. These include:
GPS and other
sensor data from your device
IP address
Activity on Google services
, such as from your searches or
places you label like home or work
Information about things near your device
, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices
The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can
turn your Android device’s location on or off
using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on
Location History
if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about
how we use location information
.
In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from
publicly accessible sources
. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to
protect against abuse
. We also receive information from partners to provide
advertising and research services on their behalf
.
We use various technologies to collect and store information, including
cookies
,
pixel tags
, local storage, such as
browser web storage
or
application data caches
, databases, and
server logs
.
Why Google collects data
We use data to build better services
We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:
Provide our services
We use your information to
deliver our services
, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.
Maintain & improve our services
We also use your information to
ensure our services are working as intended
, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to
make improvements
to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Develop new services
We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Provide personalized services, including content and ads
We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and
customized search results
. For example,
Security Checkup
provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And, depending on your available settings, Google Play could use information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
Depending on your settings, we may also show you
personalized ads
based on your interests and activity across Google services. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in
My Ad Center
.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on
sensitive categories
, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.
We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.
We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.
Go to My Ad Center
Measure performance
We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with, including your related Google Search activity, to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to
link information
about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services.
Communicate with you
We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Protect Google, our users, and the public
We use information to help improve the
safety and reliability
of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or
the public
.
We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use
algorithms
to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.
We may
use the information we collect
across our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, depending on your available settings, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings,
your activity on other sites and apps
may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.
If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.
We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy controls
You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used
This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the
Privacy Checkup
, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our
Product Privacy Guide
.
Go to Privacy Checkup
Managing, reviewing, and updating your information
When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.
We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your
Google Account
includes:
Privacy controls
Activity Controls
Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether
information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services
, such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services.
Go to Activity Controls
Ad settings
Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that
partner with Google
to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.
Go to My Ad Center
About you
Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services.
Go to About You
Shared endorsements
Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.
Go to Shared Endorsements
Sites and apps that use Google services
Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services.
Go to How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Ways to review & update your information
My Activity
My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.
Go to My Activity
Google Dashboard
Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Go to Dashboard
Your personal information
Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.
Go to Personal Info
When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:
Signed-out search personalization:
Choose
whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.
YouTube settings: Pause and delete your
YouTube Search History
and your
YouTube Watch History
.
Ad Settings:
Manage
your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Exporting, removing & deleting your information
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Inactive Account Manager
allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.
And finally, you can also
request to remove content
from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies.
There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:
Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a
cookie
in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services
rely on cookies to function properly
, for things like remembering your language preferences.
Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can
modify location settings
on your Android device.
Sharing your information
When you share your information
Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.
When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in
ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting
.
When Google shares your information
We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:
With your consent
We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you
use Google Home to make a reservation
through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any
sensitive personal information
.
With domain administrators
If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your
domain administrator
and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:
Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email
View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install
Change your account password
Suspend or terminate your account access
Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings
For external processing
We provide personal information to our
affiliates
and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Respond to any applicable law, regulation,
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our
Transparency Report
.
Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our
users
, or the public.
We may share
non-personally identifiable information
publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to
show trends
about the general use of our services. We also allow
specific partners
to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Keeping your information secure
We build security into our services to protect your information
All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.
We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:
We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit
We offer a range of security features, like
Safe Browsing
, Security Checkup, and
2 Step Verification
to help you protect your account
We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems
We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Exporting & deleting your information
You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time
You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.
Export your data
To delete your information, you can:
Delete your content from
specific Google services
Search for and then delete specific items from your account using
My Activity
Delete specific Google products
, including your information associated with those products
Delete your entire Google Account
Delete your information
Retaining your information
We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:
Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your
personal info
or the content you create or upload, like
photos
and
documents
. You can also delete
activity information
saved in your account, or
choose to have it deleted automatically
after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.
Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as
advertising data
in server logs.
We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.
And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.
When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.
You can read more about Google’s
data retention periods
, including how long it takes us to delete your information.
Compliance & cooperation with regulators
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.
Data transfers
We maintain
servers around the world
and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain
legal frameworks
relating to the transfer of data.
When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.
European requirements
How to exercise your rights and contact Google
If European Union (EU) or United Kingdom (UK) data protection law applies to the processing of your information, we provide the
controls
described in this policy so you can exercise your rights to request access to, update,
remove
, and restrict the processing of your information. You also have the right to object to the processing of your information or export your information to another service.
If you have additional questions or requests related to your rights,
you can contact Google and our data protection office
. And you can contact your local data protection authority if you have concerns regarding your rights under local law.
Data controller
Unless otherwise stated in a service-specific privacy notice, the
data controller responsible for processing your information
depends on where you are based:
Google Ireland Limited for users of Google services based in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, located at Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland.
Google LLC for users of Google services based in the United Kingdom, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA.
Google LLC is the data controller responsible for processing information indexed and displayed in services like
Google Search
and Google Maps regardless of your location. Google Ireland Limited is the data controller responsible for processing information to train Google’s AI models for the purpose of deploying them in services provided by Google Ireland Limited in the European Economic Area or Switzerland.
Legal bases of processing
We process your information for the
purposes
described in this policy, based on the following legal grounds:
We process your data in order to provide a service you’ve asked for under a contract.
We process your data for our legitimate interests and those of
third parties
while applying
appropriate safeguards
that protect your privacy.
We process your data when necessary to protect the vital interests of you or another person.
We process your data when we have a legal obligation to do so.
We ask for your consent to process your data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail.
Why and how we process data
What data is processed
Legal grounds
To provide Google services, products, and features
Examples of processing activities:
We process the terms you search for in order to return results.
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video.
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account.
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, we use your shipping address or delivery instructions for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
We process your payment information when you buy extra storage for Google Drive.
We can use contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail.
Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
We can help you share your location using
Google Location Sharing
, so that others can find you on a map, or know your estimated time of arrival.
As described in the
Sharing your information
section, we’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent, and provide you with controls to
review and manage third party apps and sites
you have given access to data in your Google Account.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as loading a YouTube video, or processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order when you purchase services or physical goods from us.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users
. For example, using contact info (like names and email addresses) of people you interact with in Google products to make it easier to find who you’re looking for when you want to share and communicate with these people in other Google services like Gmail, Photos and Assistant.
With your
consent
, such as when you choose to share your location with Google Location Sharing.
To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features
To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues.
Examples of processing activities:
We continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
We log users’ interactions with buttons on apps like Google Maps and Search to help understand if they are functioning as intended.
To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your interactions with our services to help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
We analyze which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
We analyze usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
We analyze queries on Google Shopping in order to determine which products, merchants, and brands are relevant to different kinds of queries.
Google Chrome’s Safe Browsing feature can send information about suspicious websites between a user’s browser and Google's servers to help protect against phishing, malware, malicious ads, and more.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as using logs of interactions with Google apps to ensure they are working as intended.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing which search terms are most frequently misspelled to help us improve spell-check features used across our services.
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, improving Google Translate’s translation quality and increasing the availability of Translate in more languages.
To develop new Google services, products and features
Examples of processing activities:
Understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.
Understanding how users view and creators generate short-form content helped Google develop new YouTube services.
Depending on your settings, we can save audio recordings of voice interactions with services like Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
We use publicly available information online or from other public sources to help train new machine learning models and build foundational technologies that power various Google products such as Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
We use your interactions with AI models and technologies like Gemini Apps to develop, train, fine-tune, and improve these models to better handle your requests, and update their classifiers and filters including for safety, language understanding, and factuality.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, understanding how people used photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Or using information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features using these foundational technologies, like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, using information about your activity in our services, like your interactions with Gemini Apps, to train and improve machine learning models, and update their language understanding capabilities, safety classifiers and filters.
With your
consent
, such as saving audio recordings of voice interactions with Google Search, Assistant, Maps, and Gboard to develop and improve Google audio technologies.
To provide personalized services, including content and ads
To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results.
Examples of processing activities:
Google’s Security Checkup feature provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products.
Google News may provide you with local news results based on your approximate location.
Google Search may provide you with results based on your approximate location.
Google Assistant can use your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.
We may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
Google can show you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips.
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services.
Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests.
Examples of processing activities:
If you search for “mountain bikes” or watch videos of mountain biking, you may see an ad for sports equipment in your search results or on YouTube.
If you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web.
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when Google Assistant uses your contacts to send a message at your request, like “Send a text to John Smith.”
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience.
For example, displaying a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country, providing security tips adapted to how you use Google products, or tailoring the experience to be age-appropriate, if relevant.
Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee.
For example, showing you ads based on the context of the site you’re visiting, like ads for gardening equipment on a page about gardening tips. (And when ads are personalized, we ask for your consent.)
With your
consent
, such as recommending apps on Google Play based on videos you’ve watched on YouTube, or showing you personalized ads based on your interests, like ads that relate to baking as you browse the web after watching videos about baking on YouTube.
To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used.
Examples of processing activities:
We analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design.
We use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns.
We use data about which places users click most on Google Earth to understand which features are popular and to identify bugs.
Google Search measures the number of times a particular query has been made, and how users perceive the quality of their search results, to make Search more useful.
Google Translate analyzes data on the number of translations made and the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality, in order to identify potential new features and address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
We may share non-personally identifiable information with our partners like content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services.
For example, analyzing usage of Google Translate to improve translation quality and increase the availability of Translate in more languages.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, monitoring usage patterns on Google Earth to identify bugs.
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, analyzing the number of times a translation is marked as poor quality on Google Translate in order to address issues that users are experiencing on the service.
Develop new products and features that are useful for our users.
For example, analyzing data on the number of translations made on Google Translate to identify potential new features.
Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders.
For example, providing reporting to content licensors to accompany royalty payments.
To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly.
Examples of processing activities:
We may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location.
We may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
If you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.
Google services like Photos may send you marketing communications about its product offerings like printing promotions, depending on your settings.
Google services like YouTube Premium and YouTube Music Premium may notify you about upcoming changes to your subscription.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
To
perform a contract
with you, such as when you contact Google for support or sign up for communications about product updates.
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users.
For example, informing you about our services, such as to let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services.
Marketing to inform users about our services.
For example, emailing users of Photos about a printing promotion.
To protect Google, our users, and the public
To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.
Examples of processing activities:
We collect and analyze IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
We analyze your content to help us
detect abuse
such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
We process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
Examples of processing activities:
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process.
Legal obligations sometimes require us to retain certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, such as information about a payment you’ve made to Google for tax or accounting purposes.
Various laws and regulations require us to put in place measures to confirm that our users are old enough to use our services. To help determine your age, we process the date of birth you provide. We also process information about your activity in our services, both when you’re signed in to a Google Account or signed out, and use machine learning technology to determine if you are likely over 18. In certain cases, if we cannot confirm that you are old enough to use our services by other means, we can request other information to verify your age, like your government ID, credit card, a photo of you, or your phone number.
The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
Things you create or provide to us
:
Content you create, upload, or receive (like photos, videos, emails, docs and spreadsheets).
Google Dashboard
allows you to manage information associated with specific products.
Personal information that you provide us when you create a Google Account (like your
name
and password,
phone number
, date of birth, or
payment information
).
Information that we collect as you use our services
:
Information about your apps, browsers & devices
, such as
unique identifiers
tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using; and information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity).
Information about your activity in our services
, such as your search terms, Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account, your views and interactions with content and ads, and your activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in
My Activity
.
Location information
, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings.
Information from publicly accessible sources
, such as information that’s publicly available online (like if your name appears in a local newspaper article) or from other public sources.
Information from our trusted partners
, such as from directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, or security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse.
The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following:
When necessary for our
legitimate interests
and those of third parties, including to:
Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service.
For example, analyzing content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services.
For example, collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse.
Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public, including disclosing information to government authorities.
For example, responding to legal process or enforceable requests from governments and courts to disclose data, after carefully reviewing each request to make sure it satisfies applicable laws.
Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public.
For example, processing information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
When necessary to protect the
vital interests
of you or another person. For example, processing data to detect and combat online child sexual abuse.
When we have a
legal obligation
to do so, such as retaining certain information for purposes like financial record-keeping, or processing and retaining information to help ensure that users are old enough to use our services.
Linking your Google services
If you’re a user in the EU, we offer you the choice to keep certain Google services linked. You can learn more about your linked services and how to manage your choices at
About DMA & Your Linked Services
.
About this policy
When this policy applies
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its
affiliates
, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:
The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services
Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services
Changes to this policy
We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to
archived versions
for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).
Related privacy practices
Specific Google services
The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:
Payments
Fiber
Gemini Apps
Google Fi
Google Workspace for Education
Read Along
YouTube Kids
Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)
Family Link privacy guide for children & teens
Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant
If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the
Google Cloud Privacy Notice
.
Other useful resources
The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.
Your Google Account
is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account
Privacy Checkup
guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account
Google’s safety center
helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online
Google’s Teen Privacy Guide
provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy
Privacy & Terms
provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service
Technologies
includes more information about:
How Google uses cookies
Technologies used for
Advertising
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
Key terms
Affiliates
An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the
companies providing business services in the EU
.
Algorithm
A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations.
Application data cache
An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content.
Browser web storage
Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
and how Google uses data, including cookies,
when you use our partners' sites or apps
.
Device
A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices.
Google Account
You may access some of our services by signing up for a
Google Account
and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.
IP address
Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Learn more about
how we use location information.
Non-personally identifiable information
This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user.
Personal information
This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account.
Pixel tag
A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies.
Referrer URL
A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited.
Sensitive personal information
This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality.
Server logs
Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this:
123.45.67.89 - 25/Mar/2003 10:15:32 -
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars -
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7 -
740674ce2123e969
123.45.67.89
is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet.
25/Mar/2003 10:15:32
is the date and time of the query.
http://www.google.com/search?q=cars
is the requested URL, including the search query.
Chrome 112; OS X 10.15.7
is the browser and operating system being used.
740674ce2123a969
is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device).
Unique identifiers
A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed.
Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about
how Google uses cookies
.
On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be
managed
in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services.
Additional Context
Activity on Google Services
If you’re signed in to your Google Account and have Web & App Activity turned on, your activity data on Google sites, apps, and services may be saved in your account’s Web & App Activity. Some activity may include information about the general area you were in when using the Google service. When you search for something using a general area, your search will use an area of at least 3 sq km, or expand until the area represents the locations of at least 1,000 people. This helps protect your privacy.
In some cases, areas that you have searched from in the past may be used to estimate a relevant location for your search. For example, if you search for coffee shops while in Chelsea, Google might show results for Chelsea in future searches.
You can view and control your Web & App Activity at
My Activity
.
activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services
Websites and apps that integrate Google services like ads and analytics share information with us.
This information is collected regardless of which browser or browser mode you use. For example, although Incognito mode in Chrome can help keep your browsing private from other people who use your device, third party sites and apps that integrate our services may still share information with Google when you visit them.
You can
learn more
about some of the ways you can control the information that is shared when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services.
ads you’ll find most useful
For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more
about Google ads
and
why you may see particular ads
.
advertising and research services on their behalf
For example, merchants may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can include loyalty information in search or shopping results, or better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people.
Android device with Google apps
Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features. Learn more about
Google Play Services
.
appropriate safeguards
For example, we may anonymize data, or encrypt data to ensure it can’t be linked to other information about you.
Learn more
benefits the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services to educate the public, facilitate research, and provide transparency about these requests.
customized search results
For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can
learn more here
. You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can
search and browse privately
or turn off
signed-out search personalization
.
Customizing our services
For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country.
data controller responsible for processing your information
This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws.
deliver our services
Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include:
We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube video
We use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google Account
Photos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, collages, and other creations that you can share.
Learn more
A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your Gmail
When you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase.
detect abuse
When we detect spam, malware, illegal content (including
child sexual abuse and exploitation material
), and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities.
devices
For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account.
ensure and improve
For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads.
ensure our services are working as intended
For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly.
Information about things near your device
If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services.
Learn more
legal process, or enforceable governmental request
Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our
Transparency Report
.
make improvements
For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone.
may link information
Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic.
Learn more
our users
For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights.
Learn more
.
partner with Google
There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.
Learn more
payment information
For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this.
We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account.
Learn more
personalized ads
You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads.
Learn more
phone number
If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you.
Learn more
Places you label like home and work
You might choose to save places to your Google Account that are important to you, such as your home or your work. If you set your home or work addresses, they can be used to help you do things more easily, such as getting directions or finding results closer to your home or work, and for more useful ads.
You can edit or delete your home or work addresses anytime in your
Google Account.
protect against abuse
For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account).
publicly accessible sources
For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Gemini Apps, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services.
rely on cookies to function properly
For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected.
Learn more
remove
For example, as described above, you can
request to remove content
, including content that may contain your information, from specific Google services, based on applicable law (including data protection law) and our policies.
safety and reliability
Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include:
Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.
The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access.
Learn more
sensitive categories
When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we
require the same from advertisers
that use our services.
Sensor data from your device
Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Learn more about
how we use location information.
servers around the world
For example, we operate data centers located
around the world
to help keep our products continuously available for users.
services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages
Examples of these services include:
Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemail
Google Meet, for making and receiving video calls
Gmail, for sending and receiving emails
Google Chat, for sending and receiving messages
Google Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messages
Google Fi, for a phone plan
show trends
When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms.
Learn more
similar information related to your physical or mental health
If you use fitness products and apps we offer, such as Fitbit, Pixel Watch, Nest or Google Fit, we collect data you provide, like your height and weight. We also collect information from these apps and devices, such as your sleep patterns, heart rate, skin temperature, calories burned, and steps taken.
specific Google services
For example, you can delete
your blog
from Blogger or
a Google Site you own
from Google Sites. You can also delete
reviews
you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store.
specific partners
For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings.
Learn more
about these partners and how they use your information.
synced with your Google Account
Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account.
Learn more
the people who matter most to you online
For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you
contact most frequently
.
the public
For example, we process information about
requests to remove content
from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices.
third parties
For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you.
use the information we collect across our services
Depending on your available settings, some examples of how we use the information we collect across our services include:
When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos.
Learn more
If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know.
Learn more
The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based on your activity.
If you connect your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone.
Learn more
If you’re a user in the EU, the decisions you make on linking services will affect how certain Google services can use the data across our services.
Views and interactions with content and ads
For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears.
Voice and audio information
For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation.
Learn more
your activity on other sites and apps
This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your
account settings
and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information.
Learn more
about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps.
Google
About Google
Privacy
Terms
Transparency Center
A drop down list to change the language of the site. Each option is a language name. There are 65 language options.
Afrikaans
Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
Eesti
English
English (India)
English (United Kingdom)
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Euskara
Filipino
Français
Français (Canada)
Gaeilge
Galego
Hrvatski
Isizulu
Íslenska
Italiano
Kiswahili
Latviešu
Lietuvių
Magyar
Malti
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português (Brasil)
Português (Portugal)
Română
Slovenčina
Slovenščina
Srpski
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
অসমীয়া
Ελληνικά
Български
ଓଡିଆ
Русский
Српски
Українська
‫עברית‬
‫اردو‬
‫العربية‬
‫فارسی‬
አማርኛ
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
తెలుగు
ಕನ್ನಡ
മലയാളം
ไทย
한국어
中文 (香港)
中文（简体中文）
中文（繁體中文）
日本語
Main menu
Google apps
Sub-policy 5
https://www.tomtom.com/privacy/en_gb:
Privacy and your information
We respect your privacy
At TomTom, we believe that your private data is yours, and we do everything it takes to keep it truly private.
When you are using a TomTom navigation product or app, you can understand what personal data we collect from you and how we are using it. You can also control what we do with your data. By letting us use your data, you’re helping TomTom make better products for you – contributing to a safer, cleaner and congestion-free world.
This privacy policy contains a comprehensive overview of our privacy approach. TomTom sat nav devices and apps such as AmiGO or GO Navigation contain more specific product-related privacy details on your device.
This privacy policy was last edited on August 1, 2024, and subject to change at any time with or without further notice. We recommend that you re-visit from time to time to see if there have been updates.
General
Big data
Help us learn
Security
TomTom account
California Privacy Rights
Drive
Location and journey data
Maps and mobile mapping vehicles
Online
TomTom websites and online marketing
Cookies and preferences
Built-in location technology
Connected vehicles and location intelligence
Developer Portal
Communication with TomTom
Visitors
Applying for a job
More information
What is our legal basis for using your personal data?
How can you manage your personal data?
Who has access to your personal data?
Where do we store your personal data?
How long do we store your personal data?
Subprocessors
Do you have any questions or complaints?
social media
/
TomTom
/
TomTom
/
TomTom
/
TomTom
/
tomtomglobal
For drivers
Navigation apps
Personal and professional sat navs
In-dash navigation
Accessories
Maps and service updates
Support
Careers
Jobs
Offices
Benefits
How we hire
Diversity and inclusion
Company
About us
Customers
Newsroom
Events
Press releases
Investors
TomTom Traffic Index
TomTom Customer Portal
TomTom MOVE
TomTom Suppliers
United Kingdom
English
Privacy policy
Legal information
Terms of use
Cookies
Report vulnerabilities
Report a map change
Impressum
Copyright ©
2025
TomTom International BV. All rights reserved.
At TomTom, we’re all about helping you get around. That’s why we use cookies to improve our sites, to improve your browsing experience, to offer social media functionalities, to streamline and personalize our marketing content and to show you personalized advertisements based on your interests (including on third party websites). You can change your preferences by clicking ‘Cookie preferences’. More info at
tomtom.com/cookies
.
Accept all
Accept all
Preferences
Sub-policy 6
https://consent.vwgroup.io/consent/v1/texts/WeConnectID/gb/en-GB/dataprivacy/latest/PDF:
