中文
简体中文
日本語
Privacy Policy
Date of placement: 25 November 2019.
This Privacy Policy regulates the processing and use of personal and other data between
Graphionica
- application located on the Apple AppStore and Google Play Internet store ("
Application
"), and the User of this application ("
User
").
By transmitting to the Application personal and other data, the User confirms his consent to use the data specified on the terms set forth in this
Privacy Policy
.
If the User does not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, he must stop using the Application.
An unconditional acceptance of this Privacy Policy is the beginning of the use of the Application by the User.
1. TERMS
The Application
is an application located in the Apple AppStore and Google Play online store called
Graphionica
and available for download on the official website at https://graphionica.com.
All exclusive rights to the Application and its individual elements (including software, design) belong to the Company in full. The transfer of exclusive rights to the User is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
User
is the person that uses the Application.
Personal data
is personal data of the
User
, which the
User
provides about himself in the process of using the
Application
functionality.
Data
is other data about the
User
(not included in the concept of Personal Data).
2. COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Application
doesn't collect any personal information.
3. THE PROTECTION OF THE PERSONAL DATA
The
Application
properly protects Personal and other data in accordance with the Legislation and takes necessary and sufficient organizational and technical measures to protect Personal Data.
The applied protection measures, among other things, allow to protect Personal Data from unauthorized or accidental access, destruction, modification, blocking, copying, distribution, as well as from other illegal actions of the third parties with them.
4. OTHER PROVISIONS
If, for some reason one or more of the provisions of the Privacy Policy are found to be invalid or unenforceable, this does not affect the validity or applicability of the remaining provisions of the Privacy Policy.
The
Company
has the right to change the Privacy Policy at any time (in whole or in part) unilaterally without prior consent of the User. All changes come into force from the moment of their publication here.
The User undertakes to independently monitor the changes in the Privacy Policy by reviewing the current version.
5. CONTACT INFORMATION
Email:
graphionica@gmail.com