Socket Mobile-WW
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Socket Mobile Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to your protection
Please review the nature, scope, and purposes of our data collection and how we process your personal data. Socket Mobile reserves the right to update these policies at any time and invites you to visit this policy regularly.
Personal information or Data
is any information related to a person that can be used to identify him/her directly or indirectly. Such information includes name, photo, email address, personal address, device Bluetooth address, bank or credit card details, or online identifiers such as a cookie ID or IP address. For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Information or Data means any information relating to You such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity.
Our Website
- We’ve structured our website so that you can visit Socket Mobile at www.socketmobile.com and our affiliated web-based Socket Stores without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information (with the exception of optional sections that require registration and/or login.)
When you visit our internet website, we collect the data transmitted to our server by your browser.
During your visit, only data that are technically necessary will be collected.
Processing is carried out in the legitimate interest of improving the site’s stability and features.
The data will not, under any circumstances, be transmitted or used for any other purpose.
We may use cookies to collect website usage data. We place cookies on selected website pages to help us analyze website usage. We do not use cookies to collect personal information.
Certain Definitions
- The following terms used herein mean the following for GDPR-specific purposes.
"Data Controller,"
for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Information or Data.
"Service Provider"
means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For the purpose of the GDPR, Service Providers are considered Data Processors.
"You"
means the individual accessing or using the Service, the Website the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You can be referred to as the Data Subject or as the User as you are the individual using the Service.
There are some optional sections within our website that may require you to login and/or register by providing personal information in order to gain access. When we collect your personal information:
We only request the minimum personal information needed to support your relationship with us.
When you provide personal information to us, you consent to the collection of personal information, but you have the right to withdraw your consent or restrict the use or processing of your personal information pursuant to this policy.
We do not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations or companies.
We do not provide your personal information to others except to selected third-party processors who assist us in fulfilling your requests, such as shipping of product or processing of payment, and who are committed to protecting your personal information.
We will share personal information outside of Socket Mobile if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request;
Enforce applicable
Terms of Use
, including investigation of potential violations.
Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.
Protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Socket Mobile, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law; and
To investigate and respond to complaints/disputes.
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends in the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR.
We may process Personal Information or Data under the following conditions:
Consent:
You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes.
Performance of a contract:
Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Legal obligations:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject.
Vital interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary in order to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person.
Public interests:
Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company.
Legitimate interests:
Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company.
In any case, the Company will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Information or Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Data Protection
Regulatory Compliance
Trademarks
SocketCare Terms & Conditions
Shipping & Returns
View More
Examples of personal information we collect are as follows:
When you order products from our web store, we collect legally necessary data to process the payment and fulfill the order. We may be required to collect your name, company, address, and email to generate and send you a bill. We request your shipping information so we know where to ship the products, and we request credit card or PayPal information from you for payment for the products you've ordered.
When you receive products from us as a customer, you are directed to a Companion Application downloaded from your platform app store to assist you in starting up and using the product. We retrieve the Bluetooth MAC address from the product to validate the product warranty.
When you return products to us for replacement or repair, we request shipping information so we know where to send them. If the replacement or repair is not covered under warranty, we request credit card information from you for payment.
As part of our customer service, we collect data that you voluntarily wish to provide us via online forms or email. These data are processed, based on your consent, exclusively to respond to your request for information.
When you sign up for newsletters or other information that we distribute by email, we request contact information, including name, address, or email address, so we know where to send the requested information.
When you register as a developer to use our software developer kit with your software applications, we request contact information, including name, address, email address, and phone number, so we know where to send the requested and future developer-related information. We request a credit card or other financial information to enable you to pay a small initial administrative fee. We may also ask for additional information about your areas of interest as a developer, including the markets you are addressing with your applications, to enable us to be responsive to your needs as a developer.
We collect personal information in surveys. These data are anonymized and only collected for internal statistics about our apps, software, and products.
We may collect personal information at trade shows for follow-up after the show is completed.
We maintain contact information from our vendors who supply us with inventory components or services.
We obtain names and addresses of non-objecting shareholders from time to time to assist us in identifying and communicating with our shareholders.
30 days after purchase from our website, we contact all customers to confirm that they are satisfied with the performance of their Socket Mobile product and include details of how to contact us for assistance. During this contact, we invite the customer to complete a voluntary registration process and provide feedback via a short survey.
Personal information about children under 13
requires parental consent. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers. If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.
Third-party processors
- We employ the services of third-party companies and/or individuals to:
facilitate or provide our service to you on your behalf, and
assist us in the collection of personal information or analysis for internal statistics about our apps, software, and products.
These third parties may have access to your personal information or may collect your personal information in order to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purposes, subject to provisions listed in their own Privacy Policies. For example, we may engage third parties to process certain transactions, such as fulfilling your orders for products that are ordered through our web stores or processing your credit card if payment for product purchases or services is required. We transfer personal information to third-party processors sufficient to carry out the service provided by the processor, such as the fulfillment of your order. We confirm with each third-party processor that they maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and provide at least the same level of protection of your personal information as we do.
Processing personal information
- You consent to our collection, use, and processing of your personal information when you provide us with it. We use and process your personal information to accomplish a stated purpose, such as supplying a product or providing a service that requires the use of personal information or to fulfill a contractual obligation. In each case, we request consent to be freely given, to be specific to accomplish a specified task, to be informed by describing the limited use of the personal information, and to be unambiguous as relating to a specific task.
Transactional and Marketing Correspondence
- Personal information collected, as described above, may be used to communicate with you when the purpose is transactional or relationship-based. This includes, but is not limited to, store order updates, communications linked to product registrations and feedback surveys, Developer community sign-up, MFi submission updates, Technical Support cases, and RMA notifications. We will only send commercial and marketing emails to you if you have opted in to this. All commercial and marketing emails include an option to unsubscribe should your preferences change.
Types of cookies we use
Essential Cookies
- Essential cookies enable core functionality such as page navigation and access to secure areas. The website cannot function properly without these cookies; which can only be disabled by changing your browser preferences.
Performance Cookies
- Performance cookies help us improve our website by collecting and reporting information on its usage (for example, which  pages are most frequently visited).
Your rights
You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to:
Request access to Your Personal Data.
The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. Upon your request, by filling out our Personal Information Request Form, we will provide you with a copy of your personal data in electronic format at no charge;
Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You.
You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected.
Object to processing of Your Personal Data.
This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your particular situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes.
Request the transfer of Your Personal Data.
We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use or where We used the information to perform a contract with You.
Withdraw Your consent.
You have the right to withdraw Your consent on using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service.
Request erasure of Your Personal Data.
You have the right to ask Us to rectify, delete or remove Personal Data. Upon your request, we will anonymize any personal information you’ve provided to us (right to be forgotten) but will retain non-personal information. We may delay the anonymization of personal information while a related transaction you authorized with the personal information is pending;
The right to data portability.
You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions;
to give specific instructions concerning the processing of your data following your death.
You can assert these rights by filling out our
Personal Information Request Form
.
Apps and software downloads
Our apps and software may contain third-party links that redirect you to other apps, software, or websites. As these external services are not operated by us, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these third parties. Note that we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party apps, software, websites, or services. Your access to and use of the apps or software may be subject to certain third-party terms and conditions and privacy policies. You recognize and agree that Socket Mobile is not liable for any such third-party terms and conditions and any third party’s use of your personal data.
Location data for Socket Mobile apps
Some of our mobile apps may be capable of accessing your location data to operate. Socket Mobile is not accessing, collecting, or using your location data when you run this app. However, some devices may ask you to authorize access to your device's location to allow Bluetooth operation. Our app will be disabled if you deny permission.
CaptureSDK and user data
If your app integrates Socket Mobile’s CaptureSDK, depending on the platform and implementation, your end user might need to grant Bluetooth permission, Nearby devices, or other Bluetooth/Bluetooth LE-related permissions to access Socket Mobile devices. Socket Mobile does not collect or store any user information or device information through the SDK.
Data safety
To protect your personal information:
We do not store personal information for longer than is necessary in order to achieve the purposes for which they were collected. To determine the appropriate storage period, we shall consider the quantity, nature, and sensitivity of data and the purposes for which we process it;
We delete or anonymize your personal information in accordance with applicable laws;
We remind you that the collection of your personal information is used exclusively for the successful delivery of our services and, therefore, to optimize the experience;
We protect our systems and data from unauthorized access, accidental or unlawful processing, loss, destruction, damage, theft, alteration, or disclosure of personal information through a combination of firewalls, security monitoring systems, data encryption, and access controls.
Data Breach.
Should we become aware of an unauthorized breach of personal information, we shall identify the affected data records and notify you under applicable law. For example, should a data breach occur, and the affected parties are within the European Union, when feasible, Socket Mobile will notify the supervisory authority of the affected parties within 72 hours of detection. Our third-party processors are required to notify us in the event they detect unauthorized access to your personal information.
California Residents.
California Residents Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (also known as S.B. 27), if a Client/User is a California resident and the Client/User’s business relationship with Socket Mobile is primarily for personal, family, or household purposes, the Client/User may request certain data regarding Socket Mobile’s disclosure, if any, of Personal Information to third parties for the third-party’s direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please fill out an inquiry form; the Client/User may make such a request up to once per calendar year. If applicable, we will provide You, by e-mail, a list of the categories of Personal Information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the third parties’ names and addresses. Please note that not all Personal Information sharing is covered by S.B. 27’s requirements.
Choice of Law.
This Privacy Policy shall be subject to and governed by the laws of the state of California. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or in connection with or relating to this Privacy Policy or any breach or alleged breach hereof, will, upon the request of any party involved, be submitted to, and settled by, arbitration in Fremont, California, pursuant to the American Arbitration Association rules of arbitration. Any award rendered shall be final and conclusive upon the parties and a judgment thereon may be entered in the highest court of the forum, state or federal, having jurisdiction. In the event that neither party requests Arbitration, each Client hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction of Alameda County, California, Superior Court in any action on a claim arising hereunder
Contact Information
- We value your comments and opinions. If you have questions or comments about our Privacy policy or if you want to exercise your rights under this policy, please contact us by filling out our Personal Information Request Form or changing your authorization relating to your location data.
Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights.
You may exercise Your rights of access, rectification, cancellation and opposition by contacting Us. Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA.