Docs
Terms
MATTR Privacy Policy
MATTR Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 5 November 2024
See what’s changed
|
Previous versions
Your Privacy Matters
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancement of privacy and trust in
digital transactions are fundamental to the software we develop. We aim to support entities
participating in the growing eco-system of privacy-preserving verifiable data transactions.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal information
which we process on our own behalf (that is, as a data controller). It does not cover
situations where we process personal information on behalf of another party, or as their
agent or data processor (such as where a customer uses our Services or Materials to issue,
verify or otherwise manage credentials). In these circumstances the other entity (e.g. the
customer issuing, verifying or managing the credentials using our Services or Materials) has
its own privacy policy which will apply instead of this Privacy Policy. In the first
instance, we recommend that you contact that entity for any questions you have about your
personal information (including where you want to access, correct, amend, or request the
deletion of, your personal information).
Who we are
When we say “our”, “we”, or “us”, we mean MATTR Limited a New Zealand company, NZBN
9429039661098 (MATTR). Our corporate headquarters are in New Zealand, but we operate globally
and have group companies and personnel in a number of other locations. We provide easy-to use
Services and Materials to improve trust and privacy in digital interactions.
We carefully comply with all privacy and data protection laws applicable to our business. The
specific privacy laws that apply to our processing of your information will depend on where
you are located.
For clarity, when we refer to “you” or “your” we mean an individual whose personal
information is processed by us.
Our principles of data protection
General Supply commitments:
Our approach to privacy and data protection is built around
four key principles. They’re at the heart of everything we do relating to personal
information.
Transparency: We take a human approach to how we process personal information by being
open, honest and transparent.
Security: We champion industry leading approaches to securing the personal information
entrusted to us.
Stewardship: We accept the responsibility that comes with processing personal
information.
Data minimisation: We are continuously working to minimise the personal information that
we collect and develop more privacy preserving features.
Types of personal data we collect
When we say “personal information” we mean identifiable information about you. If you can’t
be identified (for example, when personal information has been aggregated and anonymised)
then this Privacy Policy doesn’t apply.
We collect personal information when you provide it to us, when you interact with our
products and services, websites and electronic systems, when you attend events and visit our
offices, and when other sources provide it to us, as further described below:
Directly provided information:
We collect personal information that you provide to us
directly. For example, if you fill out a form or sign up to our Services on our website,
we will collect any information you provide to us in that context and as you use the
Services you may input personal information in order to manage and configure your
account. You may also provide us personal information if you contact us for support,
participate in community forums, join us on social media, take part in training and
events or visit our offices. If you don’t want to provide us with such personal
information, it may mean that we cannot provide you with certain Services or Materials.
Automatically collected information when using our website:
When using our website,
we collect analytics data about how you use and interact with our site, which may include
your online device information, such as the IP address and device ID of the device you
are using, the domain name from which you are accessing the internet, the operating
system and the browser your device uses, any search engine you are using, your browsing
behaviour and click activities, date and time you are visiting, location data based on
where your browsing session originates, urls of pages you visit, the domain name of pages
you visit directly before or after coming to our site, login history, performance results
for the website, details of any errors or system crashes/failures (“
Usage Data
”). We
have set out specific information about the cookies we use on our websites below at
section 5 (Our website, cookies and similar technologies).
Automatically collected information when using Services:
We collect information about
the way you use or interact with our Services and Materials and actions taken via your
account, including Usage Data associated with that use. We combine that with other
personal information we hold about you (for example, your user and customer accounts with
which interactions are linked). In addition, we may collect data about any problems you
experience with our websites, applications, Services or Materials, including bug, error,
and crash reports, which can include Usage Data such as device information, location, and
user data at the time of the bug, error, and/or crash.
Information collected from third parties:
We sometimes receive personal information
about you from third parties. We have summarised some of the ways we might do that below:
We may receive business contact information (such as name, job title, business email,
phone number, and address), social profile (such as LinkedIn) including other details
about your organization for sales and marketing purposes, to better inform you about
MATTR products and services. Typically, and subject to applicable laws, we might
receive this information from: (A) third-party marketing initiatives, such as events
where we are a sponsor, or website forms hosted by third parties that may provide
content about us; (B) where you consent to having your attendee badge scanned at an
event hosted by us or another entity; (C) companies, such as information aggregators
and similar entities, from whom we have licensed business contact information; (D)
publicly available sources, such as your social media profile, articles or interviews
you have previously given; (E) referrals; or (F) resellers and channel partners,
including those that offer joint marketing services. In some situations, we may
combine such business contact information with other non-personal and personal
information we possess or that you have provided to us for sales and marketing
purposes.
We may receive information from third-party platforms for various business purposes
such as research and development, organizational credit information, program
management, or technical reasons. For example, we may receive credit information
about an organization that includes the names of individuals.
If you are a candidate applying for a job at MATTR, subject to laws applicable in
your jurisdiction, we may receive personal information about you from third parties
for business purposes, such as through background checks (educational, employment,
criminal, and financial information), publicly-available sources (like social media
accounts, including LinkedIn for identifying candidates), feedback about your
application and from interviews, and other third parties that may provide feedback
about your application. MATTR treats references provided as part of a job application
as confidential.
Our website, cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small text file that websites can ask your browser to store on your device to
enhance your experience and collect and understand Usage Data. You can disable cookies by
changing the settings on your browser, by not providing consent for us to use cookies, or by
changing your cookie preferences, but this may impact your experience of our website. We
summarise some of the cookies we use on our website below.
Pardot
We use Pardot as a marketing automation tool, which uses first-party cookies for tracking
purposes and third-party cookies for redundancy (e.g., because of differences between how web
browsers use cookies). The following cookies are saved by Pardot/Salesforce for 3650 days:
visitor_id
<accountid>
:
Visitor Cookie
: The visitor cookie includes the name
“visitor_id” plus the unique identifier for MATTR, which is derived from the tracking
code on our website. The value stored is the unique ID for the visitor.
pi_opt_in
<accountid>
:
Opt-in Cookie
: The persistent cookie named “pi_opt_in” is
used to track a visitor. The value stored is “true” or “false”. If you do not opt-in to
allow cookies to track you, or if you ignore the opt-in banner, the Visitor Cookie is
disabled and you will not be tracked when you view our pages, forms, or landing pages, or
download files or click on a custom redirect link. In some circumstances, we may track
you even if you do not accept the Opt-in Cookie. For example, we may track you through
form and landing page submissions and when you send us an email, or open or click on our
emails.
Visitor_id
<accountid>
-hash : This cookie is a security measure to make sure that a
malicious user can’t fake a being another visitor and access corresponding information.
lpv
<accountid>
: This LPV cookie is set to keep Pardot from tracking multiple page
views on a single asset over a 30-minute session. For example, if you reload a landing
page several times over a 30-minute period, this cookie keeps each reload from being
tracked as a page view.
pardot: A session cookie named ’pardot’ is set in your browser while you’re logged in as
a user or when you access a form, landing page, or page with Pardot tracking code. The
cookie indicates an active session and isn’t used for tracking.
6Sense
We also use 6Sense to collect Usage Data in connection with business development, sales and
marketing. 6Sense may combine this Usage Data with other data it holds in order to: (i)
identify the organisation you work for; (ii) provide indications of how likely your
organization is to purchase our products or services; and (iii) suggest contact points within
your organization and provide us with business contact data in respect of these. Usage Data
that has been aggregated or de-identified may be used by 6Sense to maintain, improve or
enhance its products and services.
The following cookies are used in connection with 6Sense:
sixSenseUUID
. Cookie name: “6suuid”. A third party cookie that contains a unique
identifier for the visitor that is managed by 6Sense. It is saved for a period of 2 years
and 12 hours.
visitorUUID
. Cookie name: “_gd_svisitor”. A first party cookie containing a unique
identifier for the visitor that is specific to the website and will remain unique for the
duration of the cookie. It is saved for a period of 2 years and 12 hours.
sessionUUID
. Cookie name: “_gd_session”. A first party cookie containing a unique
identifier for the visitor’s session on the website. Used to correlate page views and
activities to a single browsing session on the website. It will remain unique for the
duration of the cookie. It is saved for 4 hours.
svisitorUUID
. Cookie name: “_gd_svisitor”. A first party cookie which is a long
lived unique identifier of this visitor on the website. It is either correlated to the
6uuid or a unique value, and can be changed during the lifetime of this cookie. It is
saved for a period of 2 years and 12 hours.
retargetingUID
. Cookie name: “_an_uid”. A first party cookie which is a unique
identifier for the purpose of running 6sense Creative Ads. It is saved for a period of 1
week.
6Sense Campaign ID
. Cookie name: “_6si_cid”. A first party cookie which is a unique
identifier for the vistior’s session on the website. It is used to track the account’s
activity on the website when the visitor has come to the website through a 6sense ads
campaign. It will remain unique for the duration of the cookie.
In addition, the following information may be stored in local browser storage in connection
with 6Sense:
6Sense Company Identification
. Name: “_6senseCompanyIdentification” which contains
metadata associated to web end-user’s IP/_gd_svisitor cookie;
6Sense Time-to-live
. Name: “_6SenseTTL”. A value for the period of time that
metadata provided by 6Sense (i.e. _6SenseCompanyDetails) should exist on a computer or
network before being discarded.
You can find out more detailed information on how 6Sense processes personal information and
contact it to delete your information or opt out of certain processing
here
.
Google Ads
We use the Google Ads platform to advertise and to understand the performance of our
advertising for marketing and sales purposes (ad conversion data). To enable this, if you
provide consent, we use cookies which may store information including:
a unique identifier for you (as a visitor of our website); and
a particular advertisement click that brought you to our website
whether you take particular actions after clicking through from an advertisement, such as
submitting a sales inquiry.
This information is shared with Google for them to provide us with ad conversion data. If you
are otherwise identifiable by Google, for example because you are signed into a Google
application or service, you may be identifiable to them and us in connection with ad
conversion data related to you. You can read more about how Google uses information from
websites like us that use Google’s services
here
.
You can opt-out by visiting the Google Ad Setting website
here
. To learn more about Google’s privacy
practices you can read Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms website
here
.
Preventing bots and spam
Our website is protected by the hCaptcha anti-bot service, which checks whether the data
entered on our website has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To learn
more, you can read hCaptcha’s
privacy policy
and
terms of service
.
Preventing bots and spam
In addition to Pardot and Google Ads, which is described in the Cookies section above, we’ve
made the conscious choice to pay for a privacy-first analytics tool called Matomo. To learn
more, you can read about
privacy-focused analytics
and
Matomo’s
privacy policy
.
How we use your personal information
We have summarised below the ways MATTR uses personal information:
Service delivery:
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our
customer and/or you with Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you
and our customers.
Communicate with you:
We may communicate with you in respect of the following (if you
wish to cease being the point of contact for one of our customers please let us know):
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like training or education
materials) or other information we need to send to you;
respond to you if you make an enquiry or apply for a job with us;
sending you operational or service communications, like changes to our Services,
release notifications, incident or security updates, assistance with using our
Services or tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us;
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are conducting (which we
may engage a third party to assist with).
Support:
We may provide technical support to customer representatives or individual
users of our customers. This may include assisting with the resolution of technical
support issues or other issues relating our Services, whether by email, in-app support or
otherwise.
Enhance and improve:
We analyse and predict how our existing website, marketing
campaigns, Services and Materials are used, develop and test new or improved features,
tools, Services or Materials, marketing campaigns or promotions, optimise user
experiences and make them more personalised to you or groups of users like you.
Fraud prevention and system protection:
We monitor use of our website, Services and
Materials for the purpose of detecting and preventing fraudulent or malicious activity,
and to make sure that everyone is using our Services fairly and in accordance with any
applicable terms and conditions.
Business development:
We use personal information (including business contact data
and Usage Data in respect of our websites) for business development purposes. This may
include identifying the organisation you work for when browsing our website, assessing
the likelihood that your organisation may purchase from us, identifying business
opportunities, building a profile of categories of individuals or organizations likely to
be interested in our products, and introducing members of our sales team to you, sending
you tailored content, and recording our business development interactions or
communications with you and other details we have learned about you in the course of
those interactions.
Marketing:
Where we have your consent and/or otherwise in accordance with applicable
law, we may use personal information (including contact data, Usage Data in respect of
(i) our website and/or (ii) our Services and Materials) to send promotional
communications that may be of interest to you and your organization, including by email
and by displaying MATTR marketing communications on other organizations’ websites and
applications, as well as on third-party platforms like Facebook, X, and Google subject to
laws applicable in your jurisdiction. These communications are aimed at encouraging
engagement and maximizing the benefits that you and your organization can gain from
MATTR’s products and services, including information about new products and features,
survey requests, newsletters, and events that we think may be of interest to you and your
organization. We may also use personal information to analyse these communication
efforts, build target audiences to ensure these communications are more effective and
relevant to each recipient. You can opt out of marketing emails at any time, by clicking
on the unsubscribe link and/or contacting us at
privacy@mattr.global
.
Recruiting and hiring:
We process personal information, such as contact details, job
applicant, and biographical data, to assess job applications and to evaluate and improve
our recruitment system, our application tracking and recruitment activities. We may also:
(i) communicate with you regarding your application or opportunities at MATTR that appear
over time that we believe may be of interest to you; and/or (ii) send you new hire and
employee experience information. We may verify your information, including through
confidential reference checks and, to the extent permitted in accordance with applicable
law, carry out background checks.
Comply with legal requirements:
We process personal information to comply with
applicable laws, regulations or legal processes, demonstrate such compliance, or to
exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, respond to legal claims and undertake
compliance programmes.
Other purposes in our legitimate interests:
We process personal information for
other purposes not expressly set out above where it is within the legitimate interests
of our business operations and management, including but not limited to, for operational
purposes and workflow automation, business intelligence, regulatory, and audit
functions, protecting personal property or safety.
Disclosure of your personal information
We may disclose personal information in the circumstances set out below.
Intended purpose.
We may disclose personal information to third parties where
required/requested by you as part of providing the Services and Materials or is otherwise
necessary for us to handle the personal information for the purpose it was collected.
Service providers.
We may disclose all categories of personal information to our
suppliers and service providers for various business purposes, including, but not limited
to, auditing interactions with users, debugging our websites, products and services,
security purposes, internal research and gleaning insights through machine learning,
short-term uses such as credit verification, payment processing, IT services, quality
control and safety, in-person and virtual event management, as well as to perform other
services on our behalf. We also use a range of service providers and suppliers who
process personal information on our behalf as our agent or as a data processor, including
the following:
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/data-sub-processors
.
Affiliates and professional advisers.
We disclose personal information to our
affiliates and subsidiaries for business purposes. For example to our group companies as
part of providing the Services or Materials or supporting our back office functions. We
will also disclose your personal information to our professional service providers (for
example, our auditors, insurance providers, financial service providers, and legal
advisors) as needed for us to run our business.
Advertising and marketing.
In some circumstances we share personal information, such
as Usage Data and/or contact data, with third-party advertising and marketing providers,
to allow us to better reach our customers and prospective customers, and to sell our
products and services, to the extent permitted by laws applicable in your jurisdiction.
In some circumstances, we may ask you to consent to directly disclosing your personal
information with these third parties prior to sharing your personal information, such as
via a consent banner on our website.
Job applications.
When you apply for a job at MATTR, we disclose your personal
information, including applicant data, biographical information, and other personal
information we possess to our affiliate companies for business reasons, such as human
resource management and internal reporting; our service providers for business reasons,
such as the recruitment platform, to verify references and to manage background checks;
and law enforcement or government authorities, or as otherwise necessary to comply with
law or as needed for the recruitment and human resources process.
Law, legal process and fraud prevention.
We may disclose personal information:
as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or any other agreements or documentation
that apply to our processing of your personal information (including the MATTR
Customer Agreement, any applicable Service Terms and the Service Level Agreement);
to regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third
parties if required to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal processes,
demonstrate such compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights
(but we’ll try to notify you about these kinds of disclosures if possible);
to prevent, detect, investigate or mitigate security concerns, including fraud;
as required for us to carry out a corporate transaction, such as a merger or sale of
assets of all or part of our company (this may include, where you are a customer
representative, disclosing your personal information to an actual or potential buyer
and its agents and advisors); or
otherwise with your consent.
International Transfers of your personal information
When we do disclose your personal information as set out above, it may be transferred to, and
processed in, a country different to where you are located. These countries may have laws
that are different to what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put in place
appropriate safeguards as required by applicable law to ensure your personal information
remains protected.
We may also transfer your personal information to our group companies in other parts of the
world in the context of using it in accordance with this policy (in particular to our
corporate headquarters in New Zealand, where many of our personnel and back office functions
are located).
For individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland this means that your data
may be transferred outside of the EEA or Switzerland. For further information, please contact
us using the details set out in the “How to contact us” section below.
Security
Security is a priority for us when it comes to your personal information. We maintain an
information security programme (including the adoption and enforcement of internal policies
and procedures) designed to protect personal information against misuse, identify reasonably
foreseeable and internal security risks and minimise security risks. For more information
about the security of your personal information, you can contact us.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal information depends on the type of personal
information and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to
provide a requested Service to our customer or to comply with applicable legal or tax
requirements). We’ll retain personal information only for as long as is necessary.
Your rights
Depending on where you are located and what privacy laws apply, you have a number of rights
with respect to our use of your personal information.
These may include a right to access or correct your personal information, opt out of
marketing emails or other services or object to any processing of your personal information.
If you are in the European Union, you have additional rights, which we will ensure we comply
with.
You can exercise these rights, and any other rights you may have under applicable data
protection and privacy laws, at any time by making a request to us via email to
privacy@mattr.global
.
If you’re not happy with how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal
information, please let us know by contacting us. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out under applicable data protection and privacy
laws. We will review and investigate your complaint and try to get back to you within a
reasonable timeframe.
Changes
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do so we will publish the
updated version on our website.
How to contact us
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this Privacy Policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
Previous versions
Privacy policy
MATTR Privacy Policy - 10 November 2022 (archived)
MATTR Privacy Policy - 9 December 2021 (archived)
MATTR Privacy Policy - 25 March 2021 (archived)
Website privacy policy
MATTR Website Privacy Policy - 9 December 2021 (archived)
MATTR Website Privacy Policy - 20 July 2021 (archived)
MATTR Website Privacy Policy - 25 March 2021 (archived)
Service Level Agreement
Data Processing Terms
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.hcaptcha.com/privacy:
DE
-
ES
-
FR
-
PT
-
PT (BR)
Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 23, 2024
Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at www.hcaptcha.com and any other subdomains or domains we use (the "Sites") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (collectively, the "Service").
Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties.
A Note to Customers Outside the United States.
IMI is based in the United States. The Sites and Service are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites and Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
‍
A Note to California Residents
. Please see our "Notice to California Residents" section related to your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of Personal Information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details within this Privacy Policy.
‍
A Note to European Economic Area Residents.
Please see our "Notice to EU Data Subjects" section related to your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), and our Data Privacy Framework notice below.
Note that IMI is the controller of your personal information, except where we process personal information on behalf of our Integrators in connection with the provision of our Service, in which case we are the processor/service provider of personal information, and those Integrators are the controllers/businesses of the personal information.
‍
Where we act as a processor/service provider for our Integrators, we do not use the personal information collected for any purpose other than as reasonably necessary to provide our Service, and our processing will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Integrators, not this Privacy Policy
.
If a contract we have with an Integrator refers to, or incorporates by reference, this Privacy Policy, any personal information we process on behalf of the Integrator will be subject to the Data Processing Addendum, not this Privacy Policy.
In some cases, we may license our software to Integrators and/or operate it within their environment on their behalf, in which case we are solely a licensor of software and only their terms and privacy policy shall apply to such personal data.
We may reference or describe some personal data collected from End-Users throughout this Privacy Policy. However, these disclosures are for informational purposes only and, for clarity, the processing of End-User personal data is governed by the agreement we have with our Integrator customers, not this Privacy Policy.
Processing of EU Data Subject data operates under the legal basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) integrated within the Data Processing Addendum to our Terms of Service or Data Processing Agreements with our Integrators.
If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. We will, however, provide assistance to our Integrators to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them.
‍
Data Privacy Framework
‍
Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF.  IM has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy notice and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/
Scope:
IM adheres to the EU-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to personal data of individuals in the European Economic Area member states, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) and to the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles with respect to the personal data of individuals in Switzerland ("Covered Individuals") processed by Intuition Machines, Inc. as part of providing our Services ("Personal Data").
Data processed:
IM provides cloud security services that may be included in other websites and apps, or used within the customer's server environment. In providing these services, IM seeks to minimize collection and retention of data, and maintains no long-term data about End Users of IM services, but may process the following Personal Data of Covered Individuals in the United States:
Communications metadata (e.g. information on originating IP address or other identifier, date and time of interaction);
Contact information for our customers and their employees with access to the Services, and similar registered user data; and
Service support ticketing information (contact detail for individuals initiating the support request and any other personal data shared as part of the support request).
Purposes for which data is used:
IM may use Personal Data for providing, managing, supporting, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services, as otherwise instructed by the IM customer or other data controller who transmitted, received, or stored the data, or in accordance with contractual requirements. IM may also use Personal Data for other purposes for which the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual’s consent.
Inquiries and complaints:
If you are a Covered Individual and believe that IM maintains your Personal Data within the scope of our EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, or Swiss-U.S. DPF certifications, you may submit any privacy or data use concerns concerning such data by emailing support@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
IM will respond within 45 days of receiving the communication. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IM") commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at:
https://www.jamsadr.com/DPF-Dispute-Resolution
If neither IM nor our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration as provided under the Data Privacy Framework Program. See Data Privacy Framework website at:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/framework-article/ANNEX-I-introduction
Third parties who may receive Personal Data:
IM may disclose Personal Data to its affiliates, as well as to a limited number of third-party business partners, service providers, vendors, suppliers and other contractors (collectively, "Service Providers") for the purpose of assisting us in providing, managing, deploying, enhancing, or improving our services. IM maintains contracts with these IM affiliates and Service Providers restricting their access, use and disclosure of Personal Data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, and IM may be liable if such parties fail to meet those obligations and we are responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We also may share or disclose Personal Data to the extent that the customer or other data controller has obtained the relevant Covered Individual's consent.
Your rights to access, to limit use, and to limit disclosure:
Covered Individuals have rights to access their stored Personal Data and to limit its use and disclosure. With our Data Privacy Framework certification, 8x8 has committed to respect those rights. If you are an Covered Individual and you wish to request access to or to limit use or disclosure of your Personal Data, please contact us by email to privacy@imachines.com or by mail to: Intuition Machines, Inc. 1065 SW 8th St #704, Miami FL 33130, USA Attention: Privacy
U.S. Federal Trade Commission enforcement:
IM's commitments under the Data Privacy Framework are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission or the applicable United States authorized statutory body.
Compelled disclosure:
IM may be required to disclose Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, or administrative or judicial process, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
‍
‍
Information We Collect
We collect information from individuals who interact with our Sites and Services, including those who incorporate our Service into their website ("Integrators"), those who utilize the services for data labeling ("Customers"), and the end users who interact with our Service through the websites of our Integrators ("End-Users").
We collect the following categories of information:
Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name, email address, and country. We collect Personal Information from our current and prospective Integrators and Customers when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account, or applying to receive email notifications from us). We may also verify the identity of our Integrators and Customers by comparing personal information against third party databases or official legal documents.
Information collected automatically as a result of an Integrator’s or Customer’s use of the Sites or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" below).
Information collected as a result of End-Users answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those End-Users, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications. Note that Labeled Data is not tied to any identified individual.
Other information collected from End-Users as part of the Service to that is required to determine whether they
are human, such as mouse movements, scroll position, keypress events, touch events, and similar information as applicable.
We may collect additional information from End-Users who wish to work with us as Individual Data Labelers.
How We Use Information
We use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To administer Integrator and Customer accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with  Integrators and Customers and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.
To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings.
To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.
To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our Customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data.
To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.
For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
How We Share Information
We share or disclose personal information in the following cases:
Upon direct request from an Integrator to identify the fraud risk of a specific CAPTCHA challenge request or IP address, or otherwise where specific consent was given.
With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Sites and the Service, such as data storage, hosting, and Analytics, and only for those purposes.
As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to public and private entities in order to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others.
With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is de-identified
or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual.
Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies
As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information.
We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use the Reddit conversion pixel to track and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns on Reddit. For information on how Reddit collects and process data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
We use TypeForm to conduct surveys. For information on how TypeForm collects and processes data:
‍
Please see their detailed policy
If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Sites or Service, as some features may not work properly.
How We Secure Information
We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store, and require all agents who carry out our processing on our behalf to do the same. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Warranty Disclaimers
To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Site and the Service (and any other associated services, information, data, features, and other content or materials) are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IMI excludes all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
Managing Your Information (Your Rights)
In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to:
• Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information (the right to know);
• Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of Personal Information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format (also known as the “right of data portability”);
• Request Correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
• Request Deletion of your Personal Information;
• Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws),  if we “sell” your Personal Information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and
• Appeal our Decision to decline to process your request.
Please note that listing these rights above does not mean that we necessarily undertake any activity in which they would be relevant or applicable. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at: support@hcaptcha.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws.
If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal.
Please note that IMI is not able to fulfill requests it receives from individuals regarding Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of its Integrators. If you have a request related to Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of an Integrator, please contact the relevant Integrator directly.
‍
If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. Note, however, that if you disable all cookies, some portions of our Sites may not function properly.
Information from Children
Our Sites and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13:
support@hcaptcha.com
Notice to California Residents
Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210.
This remainder of this Notice to California Residents only applies toIMI’s processing of Personal Information that is subject to theCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) ("
CCPA
") where IMI is acting in its capacity as a "business". The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information IMI has collected about them, and whether IMI disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below:
Category of Personal Information Collected by IMI
Identifiers.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Commercial information.
Internet or other electronic network activity.
Professional or employment-related information
Personal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account
Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
Service Providers
The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in "Information We Collect", "How We Use Information", and "How We Share Information" above, respectively. We will retain Personal Information in accordance with the time periods set forth in "Data Retention."
Additional Disclosures
Disclosure Regarding "Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "sold" any Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sale" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.
Disclosure Regarding "Sharing" for "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "shared" any Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sharing" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age for "cross-context behavioral advertising".
Disclosure Regarding Opt-Out Preference Signals. IMI does not "sell" Personal Information or "share" Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" so it does not respond to opt-out preference signals.
Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information.
IMI only uses and discloses
sensitive P
ersonal Information for the following purposes:
To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.
To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information.
To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at IMI and to prosecute those responsible for those actions.
To ensure the physical safety of natural persons.
To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI.
For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals.
Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA.
Authorized Agent.Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf,may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PersonalInformation. You may also make a verifiable consumer request onbehalf of your minor child. To authorize an agent, provide writtenaurization signed by you and your designated agent and contact usat
support@hcaptcha.com
for additional instructions.
Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request submitted under the CCPA.These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to.
‍
Notice to EU Data Subjects
Personal Information
With respect to EU data subjects, the term "personal information" as used in this Privacy Policy is equivalent to "personal data" as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Sensitive Data
Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents.
Legal Bases for Processing
We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Processing Purposes
To communicate with you
To optimize our platform
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety
To provide our service
‍
Legal Basis
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We attempt to consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Processing Purpose
‍
With your consent
‍
Legal Basis
Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at support@hcaptcha.com.
Your Rights
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out
Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications.
Access
Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct
Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete
Delete your personal information.
Transfer
Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict
Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object
Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
Data Subject Access Rights Requests
We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@hcaptcha.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator at
this
location.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
As described in our "A Note to Customers Outside the United States" section, please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Sites or using our Service.
Use for New Purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we may notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we may seek your consent for any unrelated purpose and allow you to terminate your use of the service at that time if you object.
Data Retention
We store your Personal Data securely throughout the life of your account with us. We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry standards.
While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are described below.
Contact information for marketing purposes is retained on an ongoing basis until you un-subscribe. Thereafter we will add your details to our suppression list indefinitely. Email information collected from Accessibility Users will never be used for marketing purposes.
Records of communications with you (e.g. support tickets opened via email or Twitter) may be kept indefinitely.
Information collected via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools is discarded as soon as practical, but may be kept for a limited period of up to one year from expiry of the cookie, typically in a de-identified and aggregated form unless we detect potential abuse of our service, in which case we will retain that information to aid us in preventing future abuse. We are unable to link this anonymized and aggregated information to you, your household, an IP address, or any personal information based on the information stored.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Cookie Policy
Last updated: July 18, 2020
We understand your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Sites and Service.
Do we use Cookies?
Yes. We and our analytics or service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Sites has the best possible experience. Please see the "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" section of our Privacy Policy for more details.
GDPR Note
: we believe the hCaptcha anti-bot service (i.e. the Service embedded by websites, games, or mobile apps) includes only so-called "consent-exempt" cookies pursuant to GDPR regulations. Examples of such exempt cookies include:
* Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing cookies, etc.
* Statistical cookies managed directly by us (i.e. first party, not third-party cookies), where the data is not used for profiling.
This is not legal advice, and no warranties are provided regarding this analysis. If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
‍
The hCaptcha.com and BotStop.com websites (the Sites) may include additional cookies, as described in this Policy.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below.
We update this list periodically, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Sites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis.
Why do we use Cookies?
We generally use Cookies for the following purposes:
To recognize new or past users.
To store your login session information if you are registered on our Sites.
To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site.
To integrate with third party social media websites.
To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms.
To better understand the interests of our Customers and Integrators.
Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Sites, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Sites. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Sites so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites.
We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the Sites to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how Customers, Integrators, and End-users use our Sites, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or "persistent," which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Sites are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below.
How to disable Cookies.
You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser. If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit https://www.knowcookies.com/ for detailed guidance.
We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects", including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you.
Cookie(s) Disclosure
Name:
1. hmt_id
Function
1. Used for strictly necessary anonymous service-related statistics, and for other technical purposes like assisting in accessibility support.
Party
1. 1st party
Type
1. Session
Duration
1. 30 days
Names:
INGRESSCOOKIE,
__cfduid,
__cflb,
session,
sessionid
Function
2. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: load balancing, routing.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
2. 1st party
Type
2. Session
Duration
2. Varies; up to 30 days.
Name:
hc_accessibility
Function
3. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: enables Accessibility User use.
‍
See more details.
‍
Party
3. 1st party
Type
3. Session
Duration
3. Varies; up to 30 days.
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Impressum (Site Notice)
Last updated: December 23, 2020
hCaptcha is a service of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI"), a Delaware US Corporation (#6393793).
Mailed inquiries may be sent to: Intuition Machines, Inc., 350 Alabama St, San Francisco, CA 94110.
Note while local COVID-19 orders remain in effect there are no guarantees that mail will be received in a timely manner, and email (support@hcaptcha.com) is the correct channel to reach us. The company does not maintain telephone or fax numbers; this is the 21st century.
Information about the current management of the company may be obtained on the About page. The company's current CEO is the managing director responsible for content.
Regulatory authority: US Federal Communications Commission, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC 20554 USA.
IMI does not commit to, nor is it obliged to participate in, the alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes in front of a consumer dispute resolution entity.
European Commission official website for Online Dispute Resolution:
‍
http://www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr
‍
‍
No guarantees regarding content
All information contained on our internet pages has been validated by IMI or a third party. However, neither IMI nor third parties can be held responsible for information being current, accurate, or complete. This also applies to other websites which can be reached via hyperlinks on our pages. IMI accepts no responsibility for the content of these external websites.
No advice
The information provided on the internet pages does not represent individual advice and cannot replace this. If you need individual advice, please contact our support staff.
Use of this site
The content and design of our web pages are protected under copyright law. Duplication of the pages and their content in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use requires prior written consent from IMI if there are no other legal provisions specified for duplication on the page.
Copyright
All text, images, graphical animation, videos, music, sounds and other material on these pages are protected under copyright law by IMI or third parties if specified. It is forbidden to copy or modify this material for commercial use in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use.
Responsibility for this website
IMI is responsible for this website.
If you have any questions, please contact us at:
‍
support@hcaptcha.com
Sub-policy 1
https://matomo.org/privacy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo ensures the privacy of your users and analytics data
Get 100% data ownership and privacy protection with Matomo Analytics.
One of Matomo's guiding principles: respecting privacy
Matomo Analytics was designed with privacy in mind. It can be configured to follow even the strictest of privacy laws – like
GDPR
,
HIPAA
,
CCPA
, LGPD and PECR. Simply by using Matomo you will ensure all of your valuable information is private and owned by one person (you!) and that your website respects your visitors’ privacy. If you
need to have data stored in a specific country and are looking for additional data sovereignty, you can achieve this with Matomo On-Premise.
The source code of the software is open-source so hundreds of people have reviewed it to ensure it is secure and keeps your data private.
Ways Matomo protects the privacy of your users and customers
Although Matomo Analytics is a web analytics software with a purpose to track user activity on your website, we take privacy very seriously.
The following advanced privacy protections in Matomo provide you with more control:
Matomo has an opt-out mechanism which
lets users opt-out of web analytics tracking
You can configure for data retention of raw data and aggregated reports
Anonymise IP addresses
as well as implementing other
data anonymisation techniques
Respect
DoNotTrack setting
Configure Matomo to
not process any personal data or PII (personally identifiable information)
Set shorter expiration dates for tracking cookies
Disable Visits Log and Visitor Profile
Users aren’t tracked across websites unless specifically enabled
Matomo can be used without needing consent (unlike with Google, which will always need user consent). This strengthens privacy as it means you’re not ‘following’ visitors (e.g. over multiple days)
Read about the
12 ways Matomo helps you protect your visitor’s privacy
These privacy features, along with the open and decentralised nature of Matomo, mean your users’ privacy is respected.
"As one of the leading secure and private email solutions mailfence.com attaches the utmost importance to security and respect for privacy.  We therefore selected Matomo as our open source digital analytics platform, in order to track traffic on our commercial site while preserving total control of the data and fully respect the privacy of our users."
TRY IT FOR FREE
Matomo adheres to GDPR, HIPAA, CCPA, LGPD and PECR
Data Protection Authorities across the EU are ruling Google Analytics illegal to use under the GDPR. Starting with the
Austrian Data Protection Authority’s ruling
on Google Analytics and then the
CNIL
followed suit with a similar ruling. Finding a GDPR compliant Google Analytics alternative is more important than ever.
Matomo can be configured to automatically anonymise data so you don’t process any personal information.
Make sure you’re not processing any PII (Personally Identifiable Information) with Matomo
. This allows you to be
GDPR
,
HIPAA
,
CCPA
, LGPD and
PECR compliant, and helps minimise risk of fines.
Importance of data privacy
As we all know privacy is a major concern for anyone who spends a lot of time online. Websites can use tracking tools to collect
personally identifiable information (PII)
in incorrect ways, which can threaten privacy.
Here are a few examples of how websites can gather your personal information even once you’ve left their site:
Google
Companies like Google can be a threat to privacy due to the information they gather and what they end up doing with it. Even though they’re providing a free service, there are more privacy sacrifices as your analytics data is tracked, stored and owned by them. This means they have access to data like internet activity logs (websites, pages visited, searches), which reveal a lot of personal info about our life, and work.
When using Google Analytics, Google knows all the IP addresses (and other browser unique identifiers which can be considered personal data) of visitors to your site. Through this they can then track the six other websites that person visited earlier that day, and the 50 websites she/he looked at in the last month. By re-using such visits log data tracked on your website they can enrich existing profiles for given IP addresses.
Google Analytics dominates the industry with a
market share of 84%
. Coupled with their other products that use tracking beacons, such as Adsense, you can see their immense ability to build an accurate picture of most visitors to websites.
Why is this profiling for marketing purposes considered a “problem” for privacy?
Platforms like Google are able to build an enormous profile of all websites and pages looked at by most internet users worldwide (even if they’re not Google users).
One of their main goals is to improve the re-marketing of Google Ads to internet users – to sell to people better. But many internet users and website operators are growing concerned about what could be termed a Global Internet User Activity Database and its moral implications. You don’t need to be a Privacy Junkie to be interested in the challenges and moral implications of gathering so much data on the internet.
We choose not to discuss the details here but recommend you check out the
Privacy section of the EFF website
to learn more. You may also be interested in the article
“The High Privacy Cost of a “Free” Website”
(themarkup.org) for a
more
recent in-depth analysis.
Why choose Matomo for privacy?
The Centre for Data Privacy Protection in France (CNIL) lists Matomo as a tool
that can easily ensure full compliance
of privacy regulations.
The CNIL also has approved Matomo as one of a select few web analytics tools that is
exempt from tracking consent
requirements.
Matomo’s strong privacy leadership is reflected by the many government agencies who already trust and rely on Matomo (in Europe, Asia, North America, Africa).
Government agencies that choose Matomo
Germany’s Press and Information Office of the Federal Government
The New Zealand government
The European Commission for
Europa Analytics
A bonus: consent free tracking
Matomo supports consent free tracking
. So you don’t always need to ask your visitors for cookie consent or for tracking consent. This way you not only get more accurate data but also don’t annoy your visitors with cookie consent banners that might damage your brand and results in lost customers and data. This is different to Google Analytics where you always have to ask for consent.
You've earned the Matomo Privacy Badge!
Grab this badge of honour and showcase it proudly on your site to show that you, too, respect user privacy with Matomo.
Our Privacy Policy
If you want to get a deeper understanding of Matomo’s commitment to privacy, have a read of our
Privacy Policy
.
TRY IT FOR FREE
Sub-policy 2
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-privacy-policy/:
Skip to content
Menu
MENU
MENU
Why Matomo?
100% Data Ownership
Privacy Protection
Product Features
Open Source
Flexibility
No Data Sampling
GDPR
Google Analytics Alternative
Use Cases
Complete Analytics
Intranet Analytics
Consent-Free Tracking
Tracking Personal Data
Marketing Attribution
No Limitations
Log Analytics
Cloud
On-Premise
Matomo On-Premise
On-Premise vs Cloud
Download for free
Marketplace
Support Plans
Pricing
Pricing
Contact Sales
Resources
NEW! 2025 Ethical Marketing Field Guide
Help
Blog
Guides
Masterclasses
Case Studies
Integrations
Contact the Matomo team
List of all features
Get involved
Log in
Help
TRY IT FOR FREE
Effective Date: 13 August 2024
This Privacy Policy replaces the earlier version published on this website.
This Policy describes the information (or personal data) we collect from you (the “Customer”), how we use that information and our legal basis for doing so. It also covers whether and how that information may be shared and your rights and choices regarding the information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy applies to the processing of personal data within the Matomo Cloud service by InnoCraft only. This Privacy Policy does not cover personal data collected via your interactions with the
Matomo.org
and related websites (including when you provide personal information for creation of Matomo Cloud trial account via the website) where the
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
applies. Please refer to the
Matomo Website Privacy Policy
to understand how we process data collected in those interactions.
Who we are
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
Legal bases
Your rights
Children’s privacy
Who we share your personal data with
(A) Subprocessors (Matomo Cloud)
(B) Billing and Support Services
(C) When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
1. Google Analytics Connect
2. Google Search Console Connect
3. Google Tag Manager Connect
4. Looker Studio Integration
5. BigQuery & Data Warehouse Export feature
International transfers
Retention of data
How we protect your personal data
Automated decision making including profiling
Privacy Policy changes
Contact us
EU and UK Representatives
External Data Protection Officer
Who we are
We are
InnoCraft Limited
(InnoCraft, we), a New Zealand registered company (NZBN 6106769), established by the creators of
Matomo
. Our offices are at: 7 Waterloo Quay PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand. InnoCraft provides digital analytics products and services that help individuals and businesses keep full control over their data.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or would like to access earlier versions of this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy team at
privacy@innocraft.com
.
What personal data we collect, when we receive it and how we use it
We will never sell your personal data to anyone.
We collect and process the following personal data as data controllers, or agency:
Account Data –
when you create the Customer Account within the Matomo Cloud, we ask you to provide us with information such as name, email address, job title, contact details, details about your organisation and billing information. As otherwise detailed in this Privacy Policy, we will solely process this information to provide you with the service you signed up for and, for security, billing and account management purposes. If you do not provide this information, we would not be able to create the Customer account.
Communication Data –
when you use the Matomo Cloud user interface to ask for Matomo Cloud support, send us questions, comments, feedback, or report a problem, we will collect your name, email address and the content of the message. We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries we receive and to analyse the types of queries we receive, to improve our customer management processes and to improve our products and services. If you do not provide your personal data, we will not be able to respond to you.
Customer Instance Usage Data -
when you use the Matomo Cloud service, we monitor the instance activity relating to that Customer ID (e.g., time of first login into the app and first tracking requests, features visited, number of Users logged in; number of hits, goals, funnels, users, websites and segments configured and active (to manage quota allowances for each Customer account); number of events created or tracked per day (adding new User, website, or a plugin); conversion from trialist to full account; support request event trigger). We process this usage data for statistical purposes, to improve Matomo Cloud services and to recognise and stop any misuse of the Customer Account.
We process Personal Data on behalf of our Customers (as data processors) in accordance with the
Data Processing Agreement:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-dpa/
and the Customer’s use of Matomo Cloud is governed by the
Terms of Service:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-terms-of-service/
.
Legal bases
We process your Personal Data on the following legal bases:
Consent –
We may process your Personal Data for one or more specific purposes if you give us your consent, for example we ask for your consent to receive marketing materials, to take part in surveys or any form of individual tracking that requires consent (e.g., if a User consents to the Support Team viewing their use of Matomo Cloud to resolve a support issue). Whenever we process your Personal Data with your consent, we will ask you for it and inform you about your right to withdraw it.
Contract performance and pre-contractual requests –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or for the performance of pre-contractual measures, which are carried out at your request. For example, when you send us a sales query, when you create a Matomo Cloud account, when you purchase a plugin or process a payment, when you send us a customer support request or a technical query.
Legal obligation –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, for example to comply with any applicable tax laws.
Legitimate interests –
We may process your Personal Data when it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, unless these are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, for example when we process your queries, for customer relationship management purposes, to improve the performance of our website, to manage consent (where applicable).
Your rights
Data subject rights vary depending on the applicable privacy laws. We are based in New Zealand and governed by the New Zealand Privacy Act and any privacy laws that apply to the processing because of their extraterritorial effect (e.g., EU GDPR, UK GDPR).
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR is the law applicable to our processing of your data, you have the right of access to your Personal Data and to information regarding the processing of Personal Data by InnoCraft, the right to rectification/correction, erasure, restriction of processing and the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data. You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, common and machine-readable format and to transmit it or have it transmitted to another controller. If you have given us your consent for processing your Personal Data, you also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.
To the extent any U.S. state privacy act applies to our processing of your personal data your rights may include a right to access, correct, delete, opt out of certain processing, right to portability, right to opt-in for sensitive data processing, right against automated decision making or other rights provided for under applicable laws.
We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if we have Personal Data about you through you having contacted us directly and/or your use of our site and/or service. We cannot provide, rectify or delete any data that we store on behalf of our Customers.
To exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Policy and/or in the event of questions or comments relating to the use of Personal Data you may contact InnoCraft’s support team:
privacy@innocraft.com
.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or supervisory authority responsible for protecting your privacy rights, e.g.:
New Zealand: Office of the Privacy Commissioner: https://www.privacy.org.nz/about-us/contact/
UK: Information Commissioner’s Office: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
EU: select the appropriate authority from the list provided by European Data Protection Board https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en
Australia: Office of the Australian Information Commissioner: https://www.oaic.gov.au/about-us/contact-us/
Rest of the world: please contact us on privacy@matomo.org and we can provide you with the details of the appropriate authority.
Children’s privacy
Our websites and products are not intended for children or minors. We do not knowingly collect children’s or minors’ personal data. Any accounts created by a child or a minor without parental consent and brought to our attention will be deleted as required by law.
Who we share your personal data with
(A) Subprocessors (Matomo Cloud)
We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data processing and/or service offerings. These service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share information with them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bind them to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to our instructions.
InnoCraft uses the following subprocessors to process the data collected by Matomo Cloud Customers:
Notice on data transfer and GDPR compliance:
Personal data held in Customer’s Matomo Cloud instance and instance backups are securely stored in Europe.
InnoCraft is based in New Zealand, one of the few countries that the EU considers to have an
adequate level of data protection
.
This means that Matomo Cloud is
safe to use in the EU and fully GDPR-compliant
.
Subprocessor
Purpose of processing
Lawful basis
Data location and security
Personal data
Privacy terms
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL
, Luxembourg
Secure infrastructure for servers and databases and logs.
Contract
Europe:
–  Frankfurt, Germany;
– backups stored in Dublin, Ireland
Account and Customer Personal Data, Activity Data
Processing covered by
DPA (Data
Processing Agreement)
Oblivion Cloud Control B.V (part of Xebia Group B.V)
AWS solution provider: secure infrastructure management
IT consulting services, support services
Contract
The Netherlands
Account Data, Customer Personal Data, Activity Data
Processing covered by DPA (available on request)
Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL
, Luxembourg
Secure CDN (Content Delivery Network) to store and deliver JavaScript files. This service is provided by AWS Europe. The use of the CDN feature is optional and can be disabled.
Legitimate interest (fraud prevention and information security)
Worldwide;
Visitors are sent to a server closest to their region (traffic from the EU stays in the EU).
Request Data (IP address, browser type, operating system, the URL)
Processing covered by
DPA (Data
Processing Agreement)
Please refer to the Data Processing Agreement for more information:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-dpa/
Terms & Conditions:
https://matomo.org/matomo-cloud-terms-of-service/
(B) Billing and Support Services
When you purchase Matomo Cloud products or services or contact us via the Customer instance, we use the following third-party services, which collect and process personal data:
Recipient
Purpose of processing
Lawful basis
Data location and security
Personal data collected by the third party
Privacy terms
Help Scout, PBC
To receive, and reply to your support request emails after you contact us
Contract (providing Customer/User support)
USA
Message sent, name, email address, if included in the email: job title, company name, company contact
details
Processing covered by
DPA
Microsoft France SAS
Use Microsoft 365 to manage workflows, files and documentation; email correspondence; meetings and
scheduling
Contract:
managing and providing customer support or
responding to sales enquiries
Legitimate interest (in other cases):
workflow, file and documentation management;
correspondence;
meeting scheduling
France, EU
Name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, department, role, company name;
Correspondence;
Associated Matomo account;
Billing address, subscriptions and payment history;
Processing covered by DPA (available on request)
Paddle Payments Limited
To let you purchase Matomo Cloud software service
Contract
UK and USA
Payee details: name, location, contact details, and billing information.
Processing covered by
Privacy policy | Paddle
and
Data Sharing Addendum
Twilio, Inc.
To send you Matomo Cloud related emails after you sign up, to help you get started with Matomo
Legitimate interests:
Supporting users in their initial setup of Matomo
USA
Name and email address of Customer Account owner
Processing covered by
DPA
and
BCR
(C) When you instruct us to transfer data to third parties
1. Google Analytics Connect
You can optionally import your historical data from Google Analytics into your Matomo Cloud account. This allows you to compare your data recorded by Matomo with your historical data from Google Analytics and make sure you do not lose your Google Analytics data. The use and transfer of information received from Google APIs will adhere to
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Data will only be imported if you connect your Google Analytics account with your Matomo Cloud account. This is entirely optional. Once connected, you can select which Google Analytics properties you would like to import into Matomo. After the historical data has been imported, we won’t import any further data unless you specifically schedule a new import or update the date range to be imported.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use the access token to make API requests on behalf of you to import the reporting data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can revoke the token at any time in your Google Account.
This data is not shared.
List of properties in your Google Analytics account. We access the account ID, the view ID, the property ID and the property name (typically the name of your website or app).
We get the list of properties to let you select which of your properties you want to import into Matomo Analytics and to manage the import of the aggregated reporting data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account to import the aggregated reporting data. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared.
Aggregated, historical reporting data from your selected Google Analytics properties. For example, the list of browsers, devices, page urls, page titles, downloads, events, and more. Along with each report we access the related metrics for each report such as the number of visits, page views and more.
You can view the imported data through the Matomo Analytics user interface by selecting the imported property, a date range, and the report you want to view.
We store the aggregated reporting data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared with anyone else unless you give someone else access to your Matomo Cloud account by adding team members and giving them permission to view this data.
2. Google Search Console Connect
By default, all your search keywords appear as “Keyword not defined” in Matomo’s “Search Keywords” report and you won’t be able to find out which keywords people used to find your website on the Google search engine.
To get this data, you can optionally import your search keywords from Google Search Console into your Matomo Cloud account. This allows you to get deep insights about all the keywords that people are searching for when they find your website. All of the search keywords will be shown directly in your regular Matomo Analytics “Search Keywords” reports.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use the access token to make API requests on behalf of you to regularly import the most recent search keywords data.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account. You can revoke the token at any time in your Google Account.
This data is not shared.
List of domains and URL prefixes in your search console.
We use this data to let you assign a domain to a Matomo site. This way Matomo knows which search console site matches the site in Matomo.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account to import the search keywords data. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared.
Aggregated search keywords data. For example, the list of search keywords people used to find you, how many times the keyword was searched for, how often someone clicked on your site, and the average position within a search engine results page.
You can view the imported search keywords through the Matomo Analytics user interface by selecting a Matomo site, a date range, and the “Search Keywords” report.
We store the search keyword reports in your Matomo Cloud account. You can delete this data by deleting the site yourself or by instructing us to delete this data.
This data is not shared with anyone else unless you give someone else  access to your Matomo Cloud account by adding team members and giving them permission to view this data.
3. Google Tag Manager Connect
You can optionally simplify data tracking on your website by effortlessly adding the Matomo JavaScript tracking code via Google Tag Manager. With just a few clicks, you can seamlessly track data into Matomo, streamlining your analytics process. Rest assured that the use and transfer of information received from Google APIs comply with
Google API Services User Data Policy
, including the Limited Use requirements.
Once you connect your Google Tag Manager Account with a Matomo Cloud account, a new tag and trigger will be automatically generated within your chosen Google Tag Manager container. It’s important to note that this process is entirely optional and under your control. We are committed to respecting your preferences; thus, we will not create any new tag and trigger in your container unless you provide explicit authorisation.
Accessed Data
How this data is used
How this data is stored
How this data is shared
Access token
We use this access token to make API requests to create Matomo Tracking Tag and corresponding trigger in your Google Tag Manager account.
We store this data in your Matomo Cloud account.
This data is not shared
List of workspace and containers in your Google Tag Manager account.
We use this data to let you select the correct Google Tag Manager container and workspace. This way Matomo knows on which Google account it needs to create the Matomo Tracking code Tag and its corresponding trigger.
We do not store this data.
This data is not shared
4. Looker Studio Integration
Looker Studio Integration:
We provide the
Matomo Connector
(the “Connector”), designed to facilitate the seamless integration of your Matomo Cloud account data with Looker Studio. Should you choose to activate or utilise the Matomo Connector, please be aware of the following:
Data Export:
Upon activation of the Matomo Connector, all data stored within your Matomo account will be exported to Looker Studio. This transfer is initiated by you and is under your control.
Data Privacy:
Once your data is exported to Looker Studio, it will be governed by the applicable
Looker Studio terms of service and policies
provided by Google. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies and understand the implications before initiating the data transfer.
Privacy Considerations:
Transferring data, especially visitor data, to external platforms can have privacy implications. It’s crucial to ensure that you have the necessary permissions and have considered the privacy ramifications of such a transfer.
Exclusive Connector Use:
To ensure the security and privacy of your data, we recommend exclusively using the
Matomo Connector
for this integration. Avoid using third-party connectors or tools for Looker Studio that claim compatibility with Matomo, as we cannot vouch for their security or data handling practices.
5. BigQuery & Data Warehouse Export feature
We developed the BigQuery Configuration feature to enable you to format Matomo Cloud data for export into BigQuery. If you choose to export your Matomo Cloud data into BigQuery please be aware of the following:
Data Export:
When you export data from Matomo Cloud to BigQuery, all raw data stored within your Matomo account (including personal data) will be exported to Google, where it will be governed by the applicable Google
terms and policies
. We strongly advise you to review their terms and policies before initiating the data export.
Privacy and Security:
Transferring personal data to external platforms has data security risks and privacy compliance implications. Please consider them before you export the data.
You are in control:
The use of this feature and data export is entirely optional and under your
Super User’s
control.
International transfers
If the EU GDPR or UK GDPR applies to our processing of your personal data, we receive it in New Zealand on the basis of adequacy decision. For the above subprocessors and third-party services, we transfer your personal data to a third country (i.e. outside the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom or the European Economic Area (EEA)) or the processing takes place in the context of the use of third-party services or the disclosure or transfer of data to other persons, bodies or companies, only in accordance with the applicable legal requirements under the GDPR.
Specifically, for the above subprocessors and third-party services, we process or allow the data to be processed on the basis of adequacy (e.g., transfers between the UK and EU) or standard contractual clauses of the EU Commission, subject to data transfer impact assessments where required. More information on this is available from us upon request.
Retention of data
We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as necessary to provide you with the services or as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
We will also retain and use this information as necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy and to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and protect InnoCraft’s legal rights.
We also collect and maintain aggregated, anonymised information which we may retain indefinitely to protect the safety and security of our site, improve our Services or comply with legal obligations.
How we protect your personal data
Data security is important to us. We process your personal data securely, using appropriate technical and organisation measures designed to protect your data from unathorised access, disclosure, alteration or loss.
Appendix 1
of our
Data Processing Agreement
sets out some of the technical and organisational measures currently observed by InnoCraft.
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Matomo Cloud account credentials. Do not share your passwords and access keys.
If you have any concerns about the security of your personal data, please contact us immediately using the contact details provided below.
Automated decision making including profiling
We do not perform automated decision making or profiling.
Privacy Policy changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know about any material changes, either by notifying you on the website or by sending you an email. Once posted on this website, the amended Privacy Policy will be effective as of the Effective Date stated above. If we make any material changes to the Policy, we will notify you on our website, or by sending you an email.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or how your personal data is processed, please contact us by emailing
privacy@matomo.org
or via the contact form:
matomo.org/contact
.
If you are based in New Zealand, you can write to us at our registered address:
InnoCraft Limited, 7 Waterloo Quay, PO625, 6140 Wellington, New Zealand, Attention: Privacy Officer.
We aim to respond to your inquiries as soon as reasonably possible. If you want to give us feedback on how we handled your request, please let us know. We are always trying to improve.
EU and UK Representatives
Because InnoCraft is located outside of the EU and UK, the InnoCraft team has named a representative of controllers or processors not established in the EU or the EEA and in the UK (Art. 27 GDPR):
If you are a resident of the EU or the EEA, you can contact:
ePrivacy Holding GmbH
Burchardstraße 14
20095 Hamburg
Germany
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
Mail address:
eu.rep@eprivacy.eu
If you are a resident of the UK, you can contact:
UK Representative Service for GDPR Ltd.
7 Savoy Court
London WC2R 0EX
United Kingdom
www.eprivacy.eu/en/legal
Mail address:
service@ukrepresentative.eu
External Data Protection Officer
If you wish to communicate directly with our Data Protection Officer (because you have a particularly sensitive matter for example), please contact them by post, as communication by e-mail could always have security gaps.
Please state in your request that your concern relates to the company InnoCraft.
ePrivacy GmbH
represented by Prof. Dr. Christoph Bauer
Burchardstraße 14, 20095 Hamburg
Germany
Sub-policy 3
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/privacy-policy/20221110:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Your Privacy Matters
Who we are
Our principles of data protection
Types of personal data we collect
How we collect personal information
How we use your personal information
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
International Transfers of your personal information
Security
Retention
Your rights
Changes
How to contact us
Previous versions
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 10 November 2022
See what’s changed
|
Previous versions
Your Privacy Matters
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancement of privacy and trust in
digital transactions are fundamental to the software we develop. We aim to support entities
participating in the growing eco-system of privacy-preserving verifiable data transactions. We
do not sell, rent or otherwise monetise personal information that we process on our customers’
behalf.
This Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal information
when:
we provide Services to our customers through our software-as-a-service platform (e.g., when we
issue or verify credentials)
we provide other Services to our customers (such as training or seminars), or
we provide access to or use of our Materials, such as apps, SDKs, and the content, materials,
software, data, documents (etc.) we make available to allow use of our Services.
(For a full definition of all of our Services and Materials, see our
Customer Agreement
, which may be
updated from time to time).
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end
users’ personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services (e.g.
when our customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end user
personal information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this Privacy
Policy. We do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to the end user.
If you access or use our website, sign-up to receive MATTR communications or content, or
otherwise use Materials without representing or becoming our customer, the
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
applies.
If you don’t have a relationship with us, but believe your personal information is used by an
entity that accesses or uses our Materials or Services, that entity’s privacy policy applies to
their collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. In the first instance, we
recommend that you contact that entity for any questions you have about your personal
information (including where you want to access, correct, amend, or request the deletion of,
your personal information).
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). Our offices
are in New Zealand, but we operate globally. We provide easy-to use Services and Materials to
improve trust and privacy in digital interactions.
We collect, use and share personal information in accordance with applicable law such as the
Privacy Act 2020 (NZ) (
Privacy Act
).
If a customer accesses or uses our Services or Materials in the European Economic Area, the
United Kingdom (
EEA
), Switzerland or in relation to any natural person who is identified
or identifiable and in the EEA or Switzerland, the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
apply to how we process that personal data.
For clarity, when we refer to “you” or “your” we mean an individual whose personal
information is processed using our Services or who accesses the Materials on behalf of a
customer.
Our principles of data protection
Our approach to privacy and data protection is built around four key principles. They’re at
the heart of everything we do relating to personal information.
Transparency: We take a human approach to how we process personal information by being
open, honest and transparent.
Security: We champion industry leading approaches to securing the personal information
entrusted to us.
Stewardship: We accept the responsibility that comes with processing personal
information.
Data minimisation: We are continuously working to minimise the personal information that
we collect and develop more privacy preserving features.
Types of personal data we collect
When we say “personal information” we mean identifiable information about you that we collect
when our customers access or use our Services or Materials. Examples of personal information
include name, email address, phone number, bank account details, identifiable support queries
and community comments, and so on.
You or our customers may disclose some of this personal information to us optionally, or we
may need it to provide the Services (for example, payment information).
If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal information has been aggregated and
anonymised) then this Privacy Policy doesn’t apply.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information that we need to provide our customers with our Services or
Materials, and any information you provide to us optionally. The way we collect this personal
information can be broadly categorised into the following:
Information you provide to us directly:
For example, if you use the Sign-Up feature
on our website to get access to our Services for an organisation you represent (including
during a trial period or on a preview basis), we may ask you for your name, organisation,
payment information, and email so that we can correctly assess your application and
discuss your requirements (if applicable). You may also provide us with similar contact
information if you contact us for support, participate in community forums, join us on
social media, or take part in training and events. If you don’t want to provide us with
such personal information, it may mean that we cannot provide you with certain Services
or Materials.
Information we collect automatically:
We may collect some personal information
automatically when our customer accesses or uses our Services and Materials, including
through the use of cookies. This can include IP addresses, interactions with our
Services, and the user and customer accounts with which interactions are linked. This
personal information helps us to operate and provide our Services and Materials, get a
better understanding of how our Services and Materials are accessed and used and may be
used to improve our Services and Materials. Note that if you’re just using or accessing
our website, the
Website Privacy Policy
applies.
Information we collect from third parties:
We usually collect personal information
directly from you or from our customer. Our customer may be an agency that you have a
direct relationship with (like an educational institution or government department) or
its service provider. Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other
sources, such as publicly available materials or trusted third parties (such as research
partners or the issuer of a credential that you hold and that our Service is being used
to verify). We may also collect and use this personal information to better inform,
personalise and improve our Services.
How we use your personal information
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end
users’ personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services
(e.g. when our customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end
user personal information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. We do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to
the end user. We may also use your personal information to:
Communicate with you
. This may include:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like training or education
materials) or information we are required to send to you;
operational communications, like changes to our Services, security updates, or assistance
with using our Services;
marketing communications (about us or another product or Service we think you might be
interested in) if you have opted in with your marketing preferences (including by
tracking your use of, and interaction with, our website and marketing emails); or
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are conducting (which we may
engage a third party to assist with).
Support you
: This may include assisting with the resolution of technical support issues
or other issues relating our Services, whether by email, in-app support or otherwise.
Enhance our Services and develop new ones
: Such as providing new or improved tools and
optimising user experiences.
Protect our Services and Materials
: So that we can detect and prevent any fraudulent or
malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using our Services fairly and in
accordance with any applicable terms and conditions.
Comply with legal requirements
: To comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal
processes, demonstrate such compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
Where we collect personal information, we’ll only disclose it as reasonably required:
to provide our customers with our Services and Materials, including to other MATTR group
companies and trusted partners and service providers who are involved in the provision of
the Services or Materials or are otherwise providing goods or services to MATTR and have
agreed to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy
Policy
to the extent that such disclosure is necessary for us to use the personal information
for the purpose it was collected
in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any other applicable data protection and
privacy laws (including as set out in the MATTR Customer Agreement and any applicable
Service Terms and Service Level Agreement)
to regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties
if required to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal processes, demonstrate
such compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights (but we’ll try to
notify you about these kinds of disclosures if possible)
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
where you are a customer representative, to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents
and advisors) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of
any part of our business, or
with your consent.
International Transfers of your personal information
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you a located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
For individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or in relation to any
natural person who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA or Switzerland, this means
that your data may be transferred outside of the EEA or Switzerland in accordance with the
MATTR Data Processing Terms. For further information, please contact us using the details set
out in the “How to contact us” section below.
Security
Security is a priority for us when it comes to your personal information. We’re committed to
protecting your personal information and have appropriate technical, physical and
organisational measures in place to protect your personal information. For more information
about the security of your personal information, you can contact us.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal information depends on the type of personal
information and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to
provide a requested Service to our customer or to comply with applicable legal or tax
requirements). We’ll retain personal information only for as long as is necessary.
Personal information collected by MATTR may be stored and processed in the region in which it
is collected and in any other region where we maintain operations, including New Zealand and
the EEA.
Your rights
It’s your personal information and you have rights, including to:
know what personal information we hold about you;
access the personal information we hold about you; and
request a correction of the personal information.
You can exercise these rights, and any other rights you may have under applicable data
protection and privacy laws, at any time by making a request to us. If you’re not happy with
how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information, please let us know by
contacting us. Your requests may be subject to certain conditions or grounds for refusal, as
set out under applicable data protection and privacy laws. We will review and investigate
your complaint and try to get back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can also request
investigation by the privacy regulator with jurisdiction for your matter (e.g. New Zealand
Privacy Commissioner) at any time during or after raising a complaint with us.
Changes
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will publish the updated
version on our website. Where a change is significant, we’ll also endeavour to let our
customers know by email. Any such changes will come into effect 30 days after the updated
version is published.
How to contact us
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this Privacy Policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that
you’re put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with
any regulatory timeframes.
Previous versions
MATTR Privacy Policy - 9 December 2021 (archived)
MATTR Privacy Policy - 25 March 2021 (archived)
Terms
Service Level Agreement
Sub-policy 4
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/privacy-policy/20211209:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Your Privacy Matters
Who we are
Our principles of data protection
Types of personal data we collect
How we collect personal information
How we use your personal information
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
International Transfers of your personal information
Security
Retention
Your rights
Changes
How to contact us
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 9 December 2021
Your Privacy Matters
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancement of privacy and trust in digital
transactions are fundamental to the software we develop. We aim to support entities participating in
the growing eco-system of privacy-preserving verifiable data transactions. We do not sell, rent or
otherwise monetise personal information that we process on our customers’ behalf.
This privacy policy (
Privacy Policy
) sets out how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal
information when:
we provide Services to our customers through our software-as-a-service platform (e.g., when we
issue or verify credentials)
we provide other Services to our customers (such as training or seminars), or
we provide access to or use of our Materials, such as apps, SDKs, and the content, materials,
software, data, documents (etc.) we make available to allow use of our Services.
(For a full definition of all of our Services and Materials, see
our
Customer Agreement
, which may be
updated from time to time).
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end users’
personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services (e.g. when our
customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end user personal
information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We
do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to the end user.
If you access or use our website, sign-up to receive MATTR communications or content, or otherwise
use Materials without representing or becoming our customer,
the
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
applies.
If you don’t have a relationship with us, but believe your personal information is used by an entity
that accesses or uses our Materials or Services, that entity’s privacy policy applies to their
collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. In the first instance, we recommend
that you contact that entity for any questions you have about your personal information (including
where you want to access, correct, amend, or request the deletion of, your personal information).
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). Our offices
are in New Zealand, but we operate globally. We provide easy-to use Services and Materials
to improve trust and privacy in digital interactions.
We collect, use and share personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 (NZ)
(
Privacy Act
).
If a customer accesses or uses our Services or Materials in the European Economic Area or
the United Kingdom (
EEA
), or in relation to any natural person who is identified or
identifiable and in the EEA,
the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
apply to how we process that personal data.
For clarity, when we refer to “
you
” or “
your
” we mean an individual whose personal
information is processed using our Services or who accesses the Materials on behalf of a
customer.
Our principles of data protection
Our approach to privacy and data protection is built around four key principles. They’re at
the heart of everything we do relating to personal information.
Transparency
: We take a human approach to how we process personal information by being
open, honest and transparent.
Security
: We champion industry leading approaches to securing the personal information
entrusted to us.
Stewardship
: We accept the responsibility that comes with processing personal
information.
Data minimisation
: We are continuously working to minimise the personal information that
we collect and develop more privacy preserving features.
Types of personal data we collect
When we say “
personal information
” we mean identifiable information about you that we
collect when our customers access or use our Services or Materials. Examples of personal
information include name, email address, phone number, bank account details, identifiable
support queries and community comments, and so on.
You or our customers may disclose some of this personal information to us optionally, or we
may need it to provide the Services (for example, payment information).
If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal information has been aggregated and
anonymised) then this Privacy Policy doesn’t apply.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information that we need to provide our customers with our Services or
Materials, and any information you provide to us optionally. The way we collect this personal
information can be broadly categorised into the following:
Information you provide to us directly
: For example, if you use the Sign-Up feature on
our website to get access to our Services for an organisation you represent (including during
a trial period or on a preview basis), we may ask you for your name, organisation, payment
information, and email so that we can correctly assess your application and discuss your
requirements (if applicable). You may also provide us with similar contact information if you
contact us for support, participate in community forums, join us on social media, or take
part in training and events. If you don’t want to provide us with such personal information,
it may mean that we cannot provide you with certain Services or Materials.
Information we collect automatically
: We may collect some personal information
automatically when our customer accesses or uses our Services and Materials, including
through the use of cookies. This can include IP addresses, interactions with our Services,
and the user and customer accounts with which interactions are linked. This personal
information helps us to operate and provide our Services and Materials, get a better
understanding of how our Services and Materials are accessed and used and may be used to
improve our Services and Materials. Note that if you’re just using or accessing our website,
the
Website Privacy Policy
Information we collect from third parties
: We usually collect personal information
directly from you or from our customer. Our customer may be an agency that you have a direct
relationship with (like an educational institution or government department) or its service
provider. Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other sources, such as
publicly available materials or trusted third parties (such as research partners or the
issuer of a credential that you hold and that our Service is being used to verify). We may
also collect and use this personal information to better inform, personalise and improve our
Services.
How we use your personal information
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end
users’ personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services
(e.g. when our customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end
user personal information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. We do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to
the end user. We may also use your personal information to:
Communicate with you
. This may include:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like training or education
materials) or information we are required to send to you;
operational communications, like changes to our Services, security updates, or assistance
with using our Services;
marketing communications (about us or another product or Service we think you might be
interested in) if you have opted in with your marketing preferences (including by
tracking your use of, and interaction with, our website and marketing emails); or
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are conducting (which we may
engage a third party to assist with).
Support you
: This may include assisting with the resolution of technical support issues
or other issues relating our Services, whether by email, in-app support or otherwise.
Enhance our Services and develop new ones
: Such as providing new or improved tools and
optimising user experiences.
Protect our Services and Materials
: So that we can detect and prevent any fraudulent or
malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using our Services fairly and in
accordance with any applicable terms and conditions.
Comply with legal requirements
: To comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal
processes, demonstrate such compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
Where we collect personal information, we’ll only disclose it as reasonably required:
to provide our customers with our Services and Materials, including to other MATTR group
companies and trusted partners and service providers who are involved in the provision of the
Services or Materials or are otherwise providing goods or services to MATTR and have agreed
to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy
to the extent that such disclosure is necessary for us to use the personal information for
the purpose it was collected
in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Act and any other applicable data
protection and privacy laws (including as set out in the MATTR Customer Agreement and any
applicable Service Terms and Service Level Agreement)
to regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties if
required to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal processes, demonstrate such
compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights (but we’ll try to notify you
about these kinds of disclosures if possible)
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
where you are a customer representative, to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and
advisors) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any
part of our business, or
with your consent.
International Transfers of your personal information
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you a located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
For individuals in the European Economic Area (
EEA
), or in relation to any natural person
who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA, this means that your data may be
transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with the MATTR Data Processing Terms. For
further information, please contact us using the details set out in the “How to contact
us” section below.
Security
Security is a priority for us when it comes to your personal information. We’re committed to
protecting your personal information and have appropriate technical and organisational
measures in place to protect your personal information. For more information about the
security of your personal information, you can
contact us
.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal information depends on the type of personal
information and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to
provide a requested Service to our customer or to comply with applicable legal or tax
requirements). We’ll retain personal information only for as long as is necessary.
Your rights
It’s your personal information and you have rights, including to:
know
what personal information we hold about you;
access
the personal information we hold about you; and
request
a correction of the personal information.
You can exercise these rights, and any other rights you may have under applicable data
protection and privacy laws, at any time by making a request to us. If you’re not happy with
how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information, please let us know by
contacting us
. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out in the Privacy Act or under applicable data
protection and privacy laws. We will review and investigate your complaint and try to get
back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can also request investigation by the New
Zealand Privacy Commissioner at any time during or after raising a complaint with us.
Changes
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will publish the updated
version on our website. Where a change is significant, we’ll also endeavour to let our
customers know by email. Any such changes will come into effect 30 days after the updated
version is published.
How to contact us
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this Privacy Policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that
you’re put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with
any regulatory timeframes.
Terms
Service Level Agreement
Sub-policy 5
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/privacy-policy/20210325:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Your Privacy Matters
Who we are
Our principles of data protection
Types of personal data we collect
How we collect personal information
How we use your personal information
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
International Transfers of your personal information
Security
Retention
Your rights
Changes
How to contact us
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 25 March 2021
Your Privacy Matters
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancement of privacy and trust in digital
transactions are fundamental to the software we develop. We aim to support entities participating in
the growing eco-system of privacy-preserving verifiable data transactions. We do not sell, rent or
otherwise monetise personal information that we process on our customers’ behalf.
This privacy policy (
Privacy Policy
) sets out how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal
information when:
we provide Services to our customers through our software-as-a-service platform (e.g., when we
issue or verify credentials)
we provide other Services to our customers (such as training or seminars), or
we provide access to or use of our Materials, such as apps, SDKs, and the content, materials,
software, data, documents (etc.) we make available to allow use of our Services.
(For a full definition of all of our Services and Materials, see our
Customer Agreement
, which may be updated from time to time).
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end users’
personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services (e.g. when our
customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end user personal
information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We
do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to the end user.
If you access or use our website or otherwise use Materials without representing or becoming our
customer, the
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
applies.
If you don’t have a relationship with us, but believe your personal information is used by an entity
that accesses or uses our Materials or Services, that entity’s privacy policy applies to their
collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. In the first instance, we recommend
that you contact that entity for any questions you have about your personal information (including
where you want to access, correct, amend, or request the deletion of, your personal information).
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). Our offices
are in New Zealand, but we operate globally. We provide easy-to use Services and Materials to
improve trust and privacy in digital interactions.
We collect, use and share personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 2020 (NZ)
(
Privacy Act
).
If a customer accesses or uses our Services or Materials in the European Economic Area or the
United Kingdom (
EEA
), or in relation to any natural person who is identified or
identifiable and in the EEA, the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
apply to how we process that
personal data.
For clarity, when we refer to “
you
” or “
your
” we mean an individual whose personal
information is processed using our Services or who accesses the Materials on behalf of a
customer.
Our principles of data protection
Our approach to privacy and data protection is built around four key principles. They’re at
the heart of everything we do relating to personal information.
Transparency
: We take a human approach to how we process personal information by
being open, honest and transparent.
Security
: We champion industry leading approaches to securing the personal
information entrusted to us.
Stewardship
: We accept the responsibility that comes with processing personal
information.
Data minimisation
: We are continuously working to minimise the personal information
that we collect and develop more privacy preserving features.
Types of personal data we collect
When we say “
personal information
” we mean identifiable information about you that we
collect when our customers access or use our Services or Materials. Examples of personal
information include name, email address, phone number, bank account details, identifiable
support queries and community comments, and so on.
You or our customers may disclose some of this personal information to us optionally, or we
may need it to provide the Services (for example, payment information).
If you can’t be identified (for example, when personal information has been aggregated and
anonymised) then this Privacy Policy doesn’t apply.
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information that we need to provide our customers with our Services or
Materials, and any information you provide to us optionally. The way we collect this personal
information can be broadly categorised into the following:
Information you provide to us directly
: For example, if you use the Sign-Up feature
on our website to get access to our Services for an organisation you represent (including
during a trial period or on a preview basis), we may ask you for your name, organisation,
payment information, and email so that we can correctly assess your application and
discuss your requirements (if applicable). You may also provide us with similar contact
information if you contact us for support, participate in community forums, join us on
social media, or take part in training and events. If you don’t want to provide us with
such personal information, it may mean that we cannot provide you with certain Services
or Materials.
Information we collect automatically
: We may collect some personal information
automatically when our customer accesses or uses our Services and Materials, including
through the use of cookies. This can include IP addresses, interactions with our
Services, and the user and customer accounts with which interactions are linked. This
personal information helps us to operate and provide our Services and Materials, get a
better understanding of how our Services and Materials are accessed and used and may be
used to improve our Services and Materials. Note that if you’re just using or accessing
our website, the
Website Privacy Policy
applies.
Information we collect from third parties
: We usually collect personal information
directly from you or from our customer. Our customer may be an agency that you have a
direct relationship with (like an educational institution or government department) or
its service provider. Sometimes we collect personal information about you from other
sources, such as publicly available materials or trusted third parties (such as research
partners or the issuer of a credential that you hold and that our Service is being used
to verify). We may also collect and use this personal information to better inform,
personalise and improve our Services.
How we use your personal information
First and foremost, we use your personal information to provide our customers with requested
Services and Materials and to manage our relationship with you and our customers. Where end
users’ personal information is provided to us for the purpose of us providing our Services
(e.g. when our customer issues a credential using our Services), we use and disclose that end
user personal information for service delivery and the other limited purposes set out in this
Privacy Policy. We do not use it for purposes like marketing services from us or others to
the end user. We may also use your personal information to:
Communicate with you
. This may include:
providing you with information you’ve requested from us (like training or education
materials) or information we are required to send to you;
operational communications, like changes to our Services, security updates, or
assistance with using our Services;
marketing communications (about us or another product or Service we think you might
be interested in) if you have opted in with your marketing preferences; or
asking you for feedback or to take part in any research we are conducting (which we
may engage a third party to assist with).
Support you
: This may include assisting with the resolution of technical support
issues or other issues relating our Services, whether by email, in-app support or
otherwise.
Enhance our Services and develop new ones
: Such as providing new or improved tools
and optimising user experiences.
Protect our Services and Materials
: So that we can detect and prevent any fraudulent
or malicious activity, and make sure that everyone is using our Services fairly and in
accordance with any applicable terms and conditions.
Comply with legal requirements
: To comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal
processes, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights.
How we minimise the sharing of your personal information
Where we collect personal information, we’ll only disclose it as reasonably required:
to provide our customers with our Services and Materials, including to other MATTR group
companies and trusted partners and service providers who are involved in the provision of
the Services or Materials or are otherwise providing goods or services to MATTR and have
agreed to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy
Policy
to the extent that such disclosure is necessary for us to use the personal information
for the purpose it was collected
in accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Act and any other applicable data
protection and privacy laws (including as set out in the MATTR Customer Agreement and any
applicable Service Terms and Service Level Agreement)
to regulators, law enforcement bodies, government agencies, courts or other third parties
if required to comply with applicable laws, regulations or legal processes, or to
exercise, establish or defend our legal rights (but we’ll try to notify you about these
kinds of disclosures if possible)
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
where you are a customer representative, to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents
and advisors) in connection with an actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of
any part of our business, or
with your consent.
International Transfers of your personal information
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you a located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
For individuals in the European Economic Area (
EEA
), or in relation to any natural person
who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA, this means that your data may be
transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with the MATTR Data Processing Terms. For
further information, please contact us using the details set out in the “How to contact
us” section below.
Security
Security is a priority for us when it comes to your personal information. We’re committed to
protecting your personal information and have appropriate technical and organisational
measures in place to protect your personal information. For more information about the
security of your personal information, you can
contact us
.
Retention
The length of time we keep your personal information depends on the type of personal
information and whether we have an ongoing business need to retain it (for example, to
provide a requested Service to our customer or to comply with applicable legal or tax
requirements). We’ll retain personal information only for as long as is necessary.
Your rights
It’s your personal information and you have rights, including to:
know what personal information we hold about you;
access the personal information we hold about you; and
request a correction of the personal information.
You can exercise these rights, and any other rights you may have under applicable data
protection and privacy laws, at any time by making a request to us. If you’re not happy with
how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information, please let us know by
contacting us
. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out in the Privacy Act or under applicable data
protection and privacy laws. We will review and investigate your complaint and try to get
back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can also request investigation by the New
Zealand Privacy Commissioner at any time during or after raising a complaint with us.
Changes
We may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will publish the updated
version on our website. Where a change is significant, we’ll also endeavour to let our
customers know by email. Any such changes will come into effect 30 days after the updated
version is published.
How to contact us
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this Privacy Policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that
you’re put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with
any regulatory timeframes.
Terms
Service Level Agreement
Sub-policy 6
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/website-privacy-policy/20211209:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Who we are
How we use the personal information we collect
Previous versions
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 9 December 2021
See what’s changed
|
Previous versions
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancing privacy and trust in digital
transactions is part of our DNA. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose
personal information and applies when you access or use our website, or if you are not representing
one of our customers and you communicate with us (e.g., through community forums or if you sign-up
to receive MATTR communications or content), follow or interact with us on social media, or take
part in training and events (
Applicable Use
). We have a separate privacy policy that applies
when you access or use our services or materials on behalf of one of our customers (e.g., our
software, platforms and associated materials) (
Services
). This can be accessed
here.
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). By accessing or
using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy.
We provide easy-to use software, platforms and associated materials to improve trust and privacy
in digital interactions. As a New Zealand-based company, we comply with the New Zealand Privacy
Act (
Privacy Act
) when collecting, using or disclosing your personal information. This
policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Privacy Act. You can find more
information about the Privacy Act and your rights
at
www.privacy.org.nz
.
For all Applicable Use in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, the section
titled “EEA users” applies to how we process your personal data.
How we collect personal information
When we say “
personal information
” we mean identifiable information about you. We may
collect personal information directly from you, for example, through your Applicable Use. We
only collect your personal information where we actually need it. For example, we may collect
your personal information when you use the Contact Us form on our website, which may ask you to
provide information like your name, email address, and organisation. In situations where
information does not identify you and from which your identity is not apparent (for example,
when we analyse website traffic based on IP addresses that we do not link with an identifiable
person) then that is not personal information and this privacy policy does not apply.
Here are some of the specific ways in which we may collect your personal information:
Cookies and similar technologies
A cookie is a small text file that websites can ask your browser to store on your device to
enhance your experience. We may use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons,
pixels or tags) for the purpose of storing preferences, understanding how our website is used,
and for the purposes of marketing (including to understand how you interact with our website and
marketing emails).
You can disable cookies by changing the settings on your browser, by not providing consent for
us to use cookies, or by changing your cookie preferences, but this may impact your experience
of our website.
Pardot
We use Pardot as a marketing automation tool, which uses first-party cookies for tracking
purposes and third-party cookies for redundancy (e.g., because of differences between how web
browsers use cookies). Pardot cookies do not store your personal information – only a unique
identifier.
Pardot tracks your activities on our website and on landing pages by setting first-party cookies
on your browsers if you provide consent for us to use cookies to track you or by using similar
technologies (e.g., pixels) in our marketing emails if you sign-up to MATTR communications and
content.  These cookies and similar technologies are set in order to remember your preferences
(like form field values) when you return to our website and to help us track and understand how
you interact with our website and emails.
The following cookies are saved by Pardot/Salesforce for 3650 days:
visitor_id <accountid>
:
Visitor Cookie:
The visitor cookie includes the name
“visitor_id” plus the unique identifier for MATTR, which is derived from the tracking code on
our website.  The value stored is the unique ID for the visitor.
pi_opt_in<accountid>
:
Opt-in Cookie:
The persistent cookie named “pi_opt_in” is used to
track a visitor.  The value stored is “true” or “false”.  If you do not opt-in to allow
cookies to track you, or if you ignore the opt-in banner, the Visitor Cookie is disabled and
you will not be tracked when you view our pages, forms, or landing pages, or download files or
click on a custom redirect link. In some circumstances, we may track you even if you do not
accept the Opt-in Cookie. For example, we may track you through form and landing page
submissions and when you send us an email, or open or click on our emails.
Visitor_id<accountid>-hash
: This cookie is a security measure to make sure that a malicious
user can’t fake a being another visitor and access corresponding information.
lpv<accountid>
: This LPV cookie is set to keep Pardot from tracking multiple page views on
a single asset over a 30-minute session. For example, if you reload a landing page several
times over a 30-minute period, this cookie keeps each reload from being tracked as a page
view.
pardot
: A session cookie named ‘pardot’ is set in your browser while you’re logged in as a
user or when you access a form, landing page, or page with Pardot tracking code.  The cookie
indicates an active session and isn’t used for tracking.
Google Ads
We use the Google Ads platform to advertise and to understand the performance of our advertising
for marketing and sales purposes (
ad conversion data
). To enable this, if you provide
consent, we use cookies which may store information including:
a unique identifier for you (as a visitor of our website); and
a particular advertisement click that brought you to our website
whether you take particular actions after clicking through from an advertisement, such as
submitting a sales inquiry.
This information is shared with Google for them to provide us with ad conversion data. If you
are otherwise identifiable by Google, for example because you are signed into a Google
application or service, you may be identifiable to them and us in connection with ad conversion
data related to you. You can read more about how Google uses information from websites like us
that use Google’s services
here
.
You can opt-out by visiting the Google Ad Setting website
here
. To learn more about Google’s privacy
practices you can read Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms website
here
.
Preventing bots and spam
Our website is protected by the hCaptcha anti-bot service, which checks whether the data entered
on our website has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To learn more, you can
read
hCaptcha’s
privacy policy
and
terms of service
.
Privacy-focused analytics
In addition to Pardot and Google Ads, which is described in the Cookies section above, we’ve
made the conscious choice to pay for a privacy-first analytics tool called Matomo. To learn
more, you can read
about
privacy-focused analytics
and
Matomo’s privacy policy
.
How we use the personal information we collect
We use the personal information that we collect through your Applicable Use to:
respond to you if you make an enquiry or apply for a job with us
if you opt in, for the purposes of marketing or to send you materials and updates about our
business (including by tracking your use of, and interaction with, our website and marketing
emails)
respond to you through community forums or social media
provide, secure, update and maintain our website, social media accounts, training materials
and events (including providing applicable troubleshooting and support)
analyse, improve and develop the functionality of our website, social media accounts, training
materials and events
prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
comply with applicable laws, regulations and legal processes, demonstrate such compliance, or
to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, and
fulfil any other request from you that is not captured above, or for any other purpose you
have consented to.
Disclosure of your personal information
We
do not
sell your personal information or share it without your consent. We will only
disclose your personal information:
if required, and to the extent necessary, for the purpose the personal information was
collected (for example, we may reference you or your username (as applicable) when we respond
to you on a public community forum)
if required, to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal processes, demonstrate such
compliance, or to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud, and
to the extent it is necessary, to trusted partners or service providers that we engage to
provide services to us or on our behalf who have agreed to protect your personal information
in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
International Transfers of your personal information
All users
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you are located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
EEA Users
For individuals in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom (
EEA
), or in relation to any
natural person who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA, this means that your data may
be transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with
the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
.
For further information, please contact us using the details set out in the Contact us section
below.
Protecting your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, and unauthorised
access, use, modification and disclosure or other misuse.
If there is a privacy breach that it is reasonable to believe has caused serious harm to you or
is likely to do so, we will:
notify you as soon as practicable after becoming aware of such a breach, and
notify the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner or other regulatory authority as is required in
accordance with the Privacy Act or other applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Exceptions may apply if we are not legally required to provide a notice (for example, because we
believe that notice would endanger the safety of a person). We will take appropriate steps to
minimise the harm of the incident.
The security of your personal information is very important to us – but please remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While
we use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security.
Your rights
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold (provided it is readily
retrievable) and to request correction of your personal information. You may also ask us to
confirm whether we hold particular personal information. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out in the Privacy Act.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, or other rights you may have under applicable
data protection and privacy laws, please email us
at
privacy@mattr.global
. You will need to confirm your identity
and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information you would like to access,
or the correction you are requesting).
How long we keep your personal information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary (for the purposes for
which it was collected) and as otherwise required by applicable legal or tax requirements.
Links to other websites
If you follow a link from our website to a website hosted by a different entity, that website
will be subject to a different privacy policy and terms of service, which we recommend that you
review. The same applies when you are using a community forum, social media platform or the
electronic or physical resources of any agency other than MATTR.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the updated version on our
website. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page, and your Applicable Use
after that date will be subject to the updated policy.
Privacy queries and complaints
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this privacy policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
If you’re not happy with how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information,
please let us know by
contacting us
. We will review and
investigate your complaint and try to get back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can
also request investigation by the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner at any time during or after
raising a complaint with us.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that you’re
put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with any
regulatory timeframes.
Previous versions
Privacy Policy - 20 July 2021 (archived)
Privacy Policy - 25 March 2021 (archived)
Terms
Service Level Agreement
Sub-policy 7
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/website-privacy-policy/20210720:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Who we are
How we collect personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
Disclosure of your personal information
International Transfers of your personal information
Protecting your personal information
Your rights
How long we keep your personal information
Links to other websites
Changes to this privacy policy
Privacy queries and complaints
Previous versions
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 20 July 2021
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancing privacy and trust in digital
transactions is part of our DNA. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose
personal information and applies when you access or use our website, or if you are not representing
one of our customers and you communicate with us (e.g., through community forums), follow or
interact with us on social media, or take part in training and events (
Applicable Use
). We have
a separate privacy policy that applies when you access or use our services or materials on behalf of
one of our customers (e.g., our software, platforms and associated materials) (
Services
). This
can be accessed
here.
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). By accessing or
using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy.
We provide easy-to use software, platforms and associated materials to improve trust and privacy
in digital interactions. As a New Zealand-based company, we comply with the New Zealand Privacy
Act (
Privacy Act
) when collecting, using or disclosing your personal information. This
policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Privacy Act. You can find more
information about the Privacy Act and your rights
at
www.privacy.org.nz
.
For all Applicable Use in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, the section
titled “EEA users” applies to how we process your personal data.
How we collect personal information
When we say “
personal information
” we mean identifiable information about you. We may
collect personal information directly from you, for example, through your Applicable Use. We
only collect your personal information where we actually need it. For example, we may collect
your personal information when you use the Contact Us form on our website, which may ask you to
provide information like your name, email address, and organisation. In situations where
information does not identify you and from which your identity is not apparent (for example,
when we analyse website traffic based on IP addresses that we do not link with an identifiable
person) then that is not personal information and this privacy policy does not apply.
Here are some of the specific ways in which we may collect your personal information:
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that websites can ask your browser to store on your device to
enhance your experience. We may use cookies for the purpose of storing preferences and
understanding how our website is used. We do not use any cookies for the purposes of marketing.
You can disable cookies by changing the settings on your browser, but this may impact your
experience of our website.
Preventing bots and spam
Our website is protected by the hCaptcha anti-bot service, which checks whether the data entered
on our website has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To learn more, you can
read
hCaptcha’s
privacy policy
and
terms of service
.
Privacy-focused analytics
We do not use Google Analytics. We’ve made the conscious choice to pay for a privacy-first
analytics tool called Matomo. To learn more, you can read about
privacy-focused analytics
and
Matomo’s privacy policy
.
How we use the personal information we collect
We use the personal information that we collect through your Applicable Use to:
respond to you if you make an enquiry or apply for a job with us
if you opt in, send you materials and updates about our business
respond to you through community forums or social media
provide, secure, update and maintain our website, social media accounts, training materials
and events (including providing applicable troubleshooting and support)
analyse, improve and develop the functionality of our website, social media accounts, training
materials and events
prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
comply with applicable laws, regulations and legal processes, or to exercise, establish or
defend our legal rights, and
fulfil any other request from you that is not captured above, or for any other purpose you
have consented to.
Disclosure of your personal information
We
do not
sell your personal information or share it without your consent. We will only
disclose your personal information:
if required, and to the extent necessary, for the purpose the personal information was
collected (for example, we may reference you or your username (as applicable) when we respond
to you on a public community forum)
if required, to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal processes, or to exercise,
establish or defend our legal rights
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud, and
to the extent it is necessary, to trusted partners or service providers that we engage to
provide services to us or on our behalf who have agreed to protect your personal information
in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
International Transfers of your personal information
All users
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you are located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
EEA Users
For individuals in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom (
EEA
), or in relation to any
natural person who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA, this means that your data may
be transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
. For further information,
please contact us using the details set out in the Contact us section below.
Protecting your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, and unauthorised
access, use, modification and disclosure or other misuse.
If there is a privacy breach that it is reasonable to believe has caused serious harm to you or
is likely to do so, we will:
notify you as soon as practicable after becoming aware of such a breach, and
notify the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner or other regulatory authority as is required in
accordance with the Privacy Act or other applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Exceptions may apply if we are not legally required to provide a notice (for example, because we
believe that notice would endanger the safety of a person). We will take appropriate steps to
minimise the harm of the incident.
The security of your personal information is very important to us – but please remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While
we use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security.
Your rights
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold (provided it is readily
retrievable) and to request correction of your personal information. You may also ask us to
confirm whether we hold particular personal information. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out in the Privacy Act.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, or other rights you may have under applicable
data protection and privacy laws, please email us
at
privacy@mattr.global
. You will need to confirm your identity
and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information you would like to access,
or the correction you are requesting).
How long we keep your personal information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary (for the purposes for
which it was collected) and as otherwise required by applicable legal or tax requirements.
Links to other websites
If you follow a link from our website to a website hosted by a different entity, that website
will be subject to a different privacy policy and terms of service, which we recommend that you
review. The same applies when you are using a community forum, social media platform or the
electronic or physical resources of any agency other than MATTR.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the updated version on our
website. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page, and your Applicable Use
after that date will be subject to the updated policy.
Privacy queries and complaints
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this privacy policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
If you’re not happy with how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information,
please let us know by
contacting us
. We will review and
investigate your complaint and try to get back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can
also request investigation by the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner at any time during or after
raising a complaint with us.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that you’re
put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with any
regulatory timeframes.
Previous versions
Privacy Policy - 25 March 2021 (archived)
Terms
Service Level Agreement
Sub-policy 8
https://learn.mattr.global/docs/terms/archive/website-privacy-policy/20210325:
Learn
Docs
Guides
References
Toolbox
Changelog
CTRL K
Get started
CTRL K
Docs
Capabilities
Digital trust service
Ecosystems
VICAL
Credential issuance
Direct Issuance
OpenID4VCI
Authentication provider
Interaction hook
Claims source
Credential configuration
Credential offer
Journey patterns
Enrolment/Registration
OpenID4VCI
Derived credentials
Direct issuance
Credential management
Journey patterns
Revocation
Credential holding
iOS mDocs Holder SDK
Android mDocs Holder SDK
React Native Holder SDK
Credential verification
In-person
mDocs
iOS Verifier SDK
Android Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
React Native Verifier SDK
Online
mDocs
Overview
Detailed workflow
Verifier Web SDK
JSON
OIDC mapping
Journey patterns
mDocs in-person
mDocs remote
CWT in-person
JSON remote
Platform management
Self Service Portal
Custom domain
Analytics
Webhooks
Messaging
Tenant Management
Authentication
Integrations
Credential formats
Overview
mDocs
Core capabilities
Standards and technology
Chain of trust
VICAL
Verification workflows
Revocation
Structure to function
Data structure
MATTR platforms
CWT
Core capabilities
Types
Data structure
Revocation
DIDs
Implementation
MATTR platforms
JSON
Core capabilities
Data structure
Web semantics
Revocation
Selective disclosure
Tamper proofing
DIDs
MATTR platforms
Standards
Supported
Upcoming
Terms
Customer Agreement
Service Level Agreement
MATTR Privacy Policy
Data Processing Terms
Data Sub-Processors
Website Terms of Use
MATTR Pi SDK Licence Agreement
MATTR GO Applications
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
Pilots
On this page
Who we are
How we collect personal information
How we use the personal information we collect
Disclosure of your personal information
International Transfers of your personal information
Protecting your personal information
Your rights
How long we keep your personal information
Links to other websites
Changes to this privacy policy
Privacy queries and complaints
Docs
Terms
This document is provided for archival purposes only.
MATTR Website Privacy Policy
Last Updated: 25 March 2021
See what’s changed
|
Previous versions
MATTR is built and operated as a privacy-first company. Enhancing privacy and trust in digital
transactions is part of our DNA. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and disclose
personal information and applies when you access or use our website, or if you are not representing
one of our customers and you communicate with us (e.g., through community forums), follow or
interact with us on social media, or take part in training and events (
Applicable Use
). We have
a separate privacy policy that applies when you access or use our services or materials on behalf of
one of our customers (e.g., our software, platforms and associated materials) (
Services
). This
can be accessed
here.
Who we are
When we say “
our
”, “
we
”, or “
us
”, we mean MATTR Limited (
MATTR
). By accessing or
using our Site, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this privacy policy.
We provide easy-to use software, platforms and associated materials to improve trust and privacy
in digital interactions. As a New Zealand-based company, we comply with the New Zealand Privacy
Act (
Privacy Act
) when collecting, using or disclosing your personal information. This
policy does not limit or exclude any of your rights under the Privacy Act. You can find more
information about the Privacy Act and your rights
at
www.privacy.org.nz
.
For all Applicable Use in the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom, the section
titled “EEA users” applies to how we process your personal data.
How we collect personal information
When we say “
personal information
” we mean identifiable information about you. We may
collect personal information directly from you, for example, through your Applicable Use. We
only collect your personal information where we actually need it. For example, we may collect
your personal information when you use the Contact Us form on our website, which may ask you to
provide information like your name, email address, and organisation. In situations where
information does not identify you and from which your identity is not apparent (for example,
when we analyse website traffic based on IP addresses that we do not link with an identifiable
person) then that is not personal information and this privacy policy does not apply.
Here are some of the specific ways in which we may collect your personal information:
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that websites can ask your browser to store on your device to
enhance your experience. We may use cookies for the purpose of storing preferences. We do not
use any cookies for the purposes of marketing. You can disable cookies by changing the settings
on your browser, but this may impact your experience of our website.
Preventing bots and spam
Our website is protected by the hCaptcha anti-bot service, which checks whether the data entered
on our website has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To learn more, you can
read
hCaptcha’s
privacy policy
and
terms of service
.
Privacy-focused analytics
We do not use Google Analytics. We’ve made the conscious choice to pay for a privacy-first
analytics tool called Fathom. To learn more, you can read about
privacy-focused analytics
and
Fathom’s privacy policy
.
How we use the personal information we collect
We use the personal information that we collect through your Applicable Use to:
respond to you if you make an enquiry or apply for a job with us
if you opt in, send you materials and updates about our business
respond to you through community forums or social media
provide, secure, update and maintain our website, social media accounts, training materials
and events (including providing applicable troubleshooting and support)
analyse, improve and develop the functionality of our website, social media accounts, training
materials and events
prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud
comply with applicable laws, regulations and legal processes, or to exercise, establish or
defend our legal rights, and
fulfil any other request from you that is not captured above, or for any other purpose you
have consented to.
Disclosure of your personal information
We
do not
sell your personal information or share it without your consent. We will only
disclose your personal information:
if required, and to the extent necessary, for the purpose the personal information was
collected (for example, we may reference you or your username (as applicable) when we respond
to you on a public community forum)
if required, to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal processes, or to exercise,
establish or defend our legal rights
to prevent, detect, or investigate security concerns, including fraud, and
to the extent it is necessary, to trusted partners or service providers that we engage to
provide services to us or on our behalf who have agreed to protect your personal information
in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
International Transfers of your personal information
All users
When we do share your personal information, it may be transferred to, and processed in, a
country different to where you are located. These countries may have laws that are different to
what you are accustomed to. Where this is the case, we put comparable safeguards in place to
ensure your personal information remains protected.
EEA Users
For individuals in the European Economic Area or United Kingdom (
EEA
), or in relation to any
natural person who is identified or identifiable and in the EEA, this means that your data may
be transferred outside of the EEA in accordance with the
MATTR Data Processing Terms
. For further information,
please contact us using the details set out in the Contact us section below.
Protecting your personal information
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, and unauthorised
access, use, modification and disclosure or other misuse.
If there is a privacy breach that it is reasonable to believe has caused serious harm to you or
is likely to do so, we will:
notify you as soon as practicable after becoming aware of such a breach, and
notify the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner or other regulatory authority as is required in
accordance with the Privacy Act or other applicable data protection and privacy laws.
Exceptions may apply if we are not legally required to provide a notice (for example, because we
believe that notice would endanger the safety of a person). We will take appropriate steps to
minimise the harm of the incident.
The security of your personal information is very important to us – but please remember that no
method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While
we use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security.
Your rights
You are entitled to access the personal information that we hold (provided it is readily
retrievable) and to request correction of your personal information. You may also ask us to
confirm whether we hold particular personal information. Your requests may be subject to certain
conditions or grounds for refusal, as set out in the Privacy Act.
If you want to exercise any of the above rights, or other rights you may have under applicable
data protection and privacy laws, please email us
at
privacy@mattr.global
. You will need to confirm your identity
and set out the details of your request (e.g. the personal information you would like to access,
or the correction you are requesting).
How long we keep your personal information
We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary (for the purposes for
which it was collected) and as otherwise required by applicable legal or tax requirements.
Links to other websites
If you follow a link from our website to a website hosted by a different entity, that website
will be subject to a different privacy policy and terms of service, which we recommend that you
review. The same applies when you are using a community forum, social media platform or the
electronic or physical resources of any agency other than MATTR.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the updated version on our
website. We will update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page, and your Applicable Use
after that date will be subject to the updated policy.
Privacy queries and complaints
We’re always keen to hear from you. If you’re curious about what personal information we hold
about you or have a question or feedback for us on this privacy policy, please contact our
Privacy and Data Protection Officer at
privacy@mattr.global
.
If you’re not happy with how we are collecting, using or disclosing your personal information,
please let us know by
contacting us
. We will review and
investigate your complaint and try to get back to you within a reasonable timeframe. You can
also request investigation by the New Zealand Privacy Commissioner at any time during or after
raising a complaint with us.
As a technology company, we prefer to communicate with you by email – this ensures that you’re
put in contact with the right person, in the right location, and in accordance with any
regulatory timeframes.
Terms
Service Level Agreement