Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on LunaSol (app), Moon & Sun: LunaSol (apps), Mende App Pty Ltd (the "Service") and/or website and our apps for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.
Information we collect
LunaSol app collects anonymous information about your location, and app settings.
Technical basics
If you enable notifications, we must store a token to send them. We
never
use notifications for marketing.
If you subscribe to a password-protected podcast, we need to store the credentials you provide in order to keep it updated.
We use cookies on the site and similar tokens in the app to keep you logged in. Our server software may also store basic technical information, such as your IP address, in temporary memory or logs.
Ads and analytics
LunaSol app collects aggregate, anonymous statistics, such as the percentage of users who use particular features, to improve the app.
No personal data is used to target LunaSol ads except the categories of podcasts that you’re subscribed to, such as “Technology” or “Business”. Each ad collects, and shares with its advertiser, only three numbers: total views, total taps, and total subscriptions from the ad.
Information usage
We use the information we collect to operate and improve our website, apps, and customer support.
We do not share personal information with outside parties.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.
In the future, we may sell to, buy, merge with, or partner with other businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
Security
We implement a variety of security measures to help keep your information secure. For instance, some communication with the app and website requires HTTPS with certificate pinning. Passwords are
hashed
, not stored, using industry-standard methods (currently
bcrypt
).
Accessing, changing, or deleting information
LunaSol may delete your information at any time and for any reason, such as technical needs, legal concerns, abuse prevention, removal of idle accounts, data loss, or any other reason.
Third-party links and content
LunaSol displays links and content from third-party sites, and images directly from third-party servers. These have their own independent privacy policies, and we have no responsibility or liability for their content or activities.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Information for European Union Customers
By using LunaSol and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.
International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.
Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email support [at] mendeapp.com.
Changes to this policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Summary of changes so far: