Keepa tracks over 3 billion Amazon products. We provide Amazon price history charts and price drop alerts.
Log In
Register
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Email
Or log in with
For added security, we have sent a one-time password (OTP) to the email address associated with your account:
Please check your inbox and spam folder for an email from us containing the OTP. Once you have retrieved the OTP, please enter it below:
The OTP is valid for 15 minutes. If you did not receive the OTP please wait a few minutes. If you are experiencing any issues, please contact our
support team
for further assistance.
Password reset
Enter the email address associated with your Keepa account
Abort
Deals
Track
Apps
Data
Information
Comment
Search
Language
Amazon
.com
Choose language:
Choose your Amazon locale:
America
.com
.ca
.mx
.br
Europe
.uk
.de
.fr
.it
.es
Asia
.jp
.in
Currency Settings
Log In / Register
Log In / Register
Tracking Overview
Wish Lists
Recent Notifications
Browser extensions
Mobile App
Keepa API
Product Finder
Product Viewer
Product Best Sellers
Top Seller List
Seller Lookup
Category Tree
Keepa API
Site features
FAQ
News
Affiliate Program
Disclaimer
Terms of Service
This website provides a free service and, as such, we provide no warranty or guarantee of service or uptime. Any automated use of our service is strictly forbidden without express permission from us. Persons found to be using automation will be immediately and permanently banned. Keepa reserves the right to make changes and improvements to these Terms of Service at any time and without notice. By using this site you acknowledge that you have read and agree to these terms and do so at your own risk.
Privacy Policy
You can use all of our services without providing any personal information. However, if you choose to provide personal information, please be assured that we will never sell or trade your information under any circumstance. By setting up a tracking request on our site, you consent to us contacting you via the contact information you provided. We will strive to contact you only when necessary and useful, as we dislike spam as much as you do. If you subscribe to one of our fee-based services, we will collect and share your email address and billing information with our payment provider. This information is used solely for processing payments, communicating about payment-related matters, and authentication purposes. Our payment provider is contractually obligated to protect your information and use it only for the purposes for which it was disclosed. If you contact us via email, we use a third-party email service provider to manage our email communications. This provider is contractually obligated to protect your information and use it only for the intended purposes. You can delete all your personal information by deleting your account through the settings.
Disclaimer
Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
Product prices shown are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
This site contains affiliate links for which we may be compensated.
Support
If you are seeking support for our browser extension or any of our other offered features, please use our
discussion board
or send us an email to
info@keepa.com
.
Contact
Keepa GmbH
Berndorfer Str. 10
95478 Kemnath - Germany
Amtsgericht Weiden i.d.OPf. HRB 5942
Geschäftsführer: Julian Johann, Sascha Arthur
USt-IdNr. (VAT-ID): DE313904564
Email:
info@keepa.com
Contact form
Submit
© 2011-2025
®
Keepa_Logo.zip