Braun Family Care
Privacy Notice
Helen of Troy Braun Family Care™ Privacy Policy — in Plain English
At Helen of Troy, the company that develops and sells Braun Thermometers, we’re extremely sensitive to privacy issues and never abuse the information provided to us. We also try to keep things simple — so here is a summary of our privacy policy. The detailed version can be seen
here
and there are links to more detail throughout this summary.
The Braun Family Care™ App is an app that allows users of our thermometers to make a two-way connection to their Braun thermometer so they can store and selectively share measurements, add additional information and get guidance based on the readings. (More
detail
)
When you set up your Braun Family Care account, we request your name, date of birth, gender, postcode and email address. We and our subcontractors use this information to support your use of our products and communicate occasional Helen of Troy announcements to you. (More
detail on data collected
)
We also collect information about your use of the thermometer, the Braun Family Care App and the systems that support them so we can improve our products and the App, and provide an optimal experience for our customers.
Your specific information is never shared without your permission unless required by law or necessary to provide the App functionality. (More
detail on sharing data
)
We can share aggregated de-identified data.
We may place cookies or other similar technologies on your smartphone. We may use these technologies for purposes such as helping us understand how the App is used, improving the App and personalising your App experience. (More
detail
)
You may access and update your information via the App or by contacting us here.
Children under the age of 16 are not eligible to use the App and the Braun Thermometer. (More
detail
)
We retain all your information for as long as necessary for you to use our products or for up to two years if your account becomes inactive. (More
detail
)
California Privacy Rights
California law requires that we tell you how we respond to a Do Not Track signal. While the App does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals, we do not track (nor do we permit third parties to track) your online activity over time across third-party websites. (More
detail
)
California law also requires that we tell you whether outside parties may collect personally identifiable information about your activities on our website. As described above, we gather statistical information on how you use our product and the App. We do not share that information in a way that would readily identify you. Our subcontractors and network providers such as internet or mobile phone providers may have access to information about your device, such as IP or MAC addresses. We have no control over how they use this information.
You can read more about California Privacy Laws here:
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy
This policy’s effective date is 19 October 2021
The current version of this policy, the full, detailed version and any updates are available
here
If you have any questions about this policy, please call us on +1-800-327-7226, email us at
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
or write to us at:
Consumer Relations
Helen of Troy
400 Donald Lynch Blvd #300,
Marlborough, MA 01752
USA
Privacy Policy for the Braun Family Care App
Welcome to the Privacy Policy for the Braun Family Care mobile application (the “
Braun Family Care App
” or the “
App
”) and connected Bluetooth or WiFi-enabled Braun thermometers (“
Braun Thermometers
”). This Privacy Policy is intended for App users (“
users
” or “
you
”), including parents or other caregivers. This Privacy Policy explains how information is collected, used, shared, maintained and protected by Helen of Troy and/or its affiliates (referred to as “
Helen of Troy
” or “
we
” or “
our
”, and including our respective employees and contractors) when you use the App and a connected Braun Thermometer.
The Braun Family Care App is a mobile device application that allows users to connect to their Braun Thermometers. It will allow for two-way communication to the Braun Thermometers, allowing the device to relay information for the reading to the App and the cloud. It will also allow the App to give firmware updates to the device, as well as give information added directly in the App. The App will allow users to assign measurements to profiles and display a timeline of past measurements and other events. The App will allow the user to share data of individual profiles to other accounts via access to their timeline. Users can also choose to share information with third parties. The App will also provide guidance for correct thermometer usage, as well as guidance on next steps based on the readings that have been taken and other events that have been added. This App will be able to connect to the connected series of thermometers. Information will be communicated from the Braun Thermometers to the App and the cloud, as well as directly from the App to the cloud to be saved and used by users and Helen of Troy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and be aware that, by accessing and using the App and accepting this Privacy Policy, you agree that you have read this notice and that you accept and consent to the practices described here. Use of the App is also governed by and subject to the Terms & Conditions of Use (“
Terms of Use
”). Additionally, to use the App, you must accept the User Consent for Use & Disclosure of Information (“
User Consent
”), which authorises certain uses and disclosures of information related to your use of the App and the Braun Thermometer.
USE OF THIS APP AND A CONNECTED BRAUN THERMOMETER IS NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR MEDICAL ADVICE FROM A TRAINED PROFESSIONAL. IF YOU OR SOMEONE IN YOUR CARE IS IN MEDICAL DISTRESS, PLEASE SEEK IMMEDIATE MEDICAL ATTENTION.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“
EEA
”) or United Kingdom (“
UK
”) and your personal data (as defined below) is subject to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“
EU GDPR
”) or the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of the United Kingdom by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (the “
UK GDPR
”, and, together with the EU GDPR, the “
GDPR
”), please see Section 8 below for additional disclosures and a description of your rights under the GDPR.
1. Personal Information Collected in Connection with the Braun Family Care App
Through your use of the App and the Braun Thermometer and your communications with us, Helen of Troy collects certain Personal Information. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “
Personal Information
” means information that we directly or indirectly associate with a specific person, or that can reasonably be used to identify a specific person, such as a name, address, phone number or email address. As explained in greater detail below, Personal Information includes: (1) information you provide through use of the App; (2) information collected through use of a Braun Thermometer linked to the App; (3) information you provide in communications with us outside the App, such as by contacting our consumer relations department; (4) information you provide in response to surveys; (5) information that we automatically collect, such as information collected through the use of cookies.
Information you provide through use of the App
. The App prompts you to provide certain information when you first download and open the App to create an account. When you create your account on the App, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, gender, month/year of birth, postcode and email address (“
Account Information
”). We will use your Account Information for purposes such as maintaining your account and enabling you to use the App.
After you create an account, you will be prompted to create at least one profile within the App for individuals whose temperature measurements will be taken with a linked Braun Thermometer. You may add information to these profiles such as the individual’s name, age, gender, birth month, height, weight, allergies and vaccination records (collectively “
Profile Information
”). We will use the Profile Information you provide for purposes such as enabling you to use the App to record temperatures and other information through the App for one or more individuals.
When you use a Braun Thermometer to take a temperature, you will be prompted to select the profile for the individual whose temperature is being measured. After you measure the temperature, you may use the App to add information to the profile through form fields, drop-down menus or open text fields to supplement the temperature measurement, such as information about symptoms, medications administered at particular times and diagnoses. The recorded temperature and any such additional information you provide will be referenced together as the “
Event Information
”. We will use Event Information to support your use of the App and for other purposes such as improving our existing products and services and developing new products and services.
You also have the option to link media stored locally on your smartphone, such as photographs or video, to a particular temperature measurement stored in the App (“
Locally Stored Media
”). Any such photographs, video or other media will remain stored locally. This means that it will not be uploaded to our servers and others to whom you have provided access to the relevant profile/your account will not be able to see any such photographs, videos or other media.
Information collected through use of a Braun Thermometer
. When you use a Braun Thermometer that is connected to the App to take a temperature measurement, that measurement is collected and stored in the App and sent to the cloud. We also collect information related to the function of the Braun Thermometer that is connected to the App, such as whether the night mode function is on, if the probe cover is on or off and the time it takes to pair the device with the App. This information is used for purposes such as identifying and fixing bugs as well as to improve the features and functionality of the App and Braun Thermometers. The Braun Thermometer may also contain sensors that collect additional information, such as heart rate, blood oxygen level and ambient temperature.
Information you provide to Consumer Relations
. You may speak with Consumer Services by calling +1-800-327-7226 or emailing
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
You may provide information to the representative such as your contact information and information relating to your use of the Braun Thermometer or the App. Any information you provide to the Consumer Services representative during these calls may be collected and stored. We may use information you provide during these calls for purposes such as supporting your use of the App and Braun Thermometers.
Information you provide in response to surveys
. From time to time, we may also ask you to provide information about your experience with the App and Braun Thermometers through surveys. We will use your responses for purposes such as helping us improve the App and Braun Thermometers, as well as related services.
User and device information that we automatically collect
. We collect certain technical information automatically (“
Technical Information
”). For example, when you use the App, we may collect information about your activity in the App, such as screens visited, tutorials or videos watched, what features you are using and your use of the search function. We may also collect information about how and when you are using the App, such as time stamps for opening and closing the App, how frequently you are using the App and whether your App use is connected to a particular episode of illness you logged in the App. We may also collect information related to in-App errors, as well as crash analytics. Additionally, we may collect information directly from the smartphone on which the App is running, such as Internet Protocol (IP) address, device identifiers, country, language and whether the device is connected to the cloud. We may use this Technical Information for purposes such as identifying and fixing bugs and other problems users are encountering, as well as to improve the features and functionality of the App and Braun Thermometers.
Cookies
. We may place cookies or other similar technologies on your smartphone. We may use these technologies for purposes such as helping us understand how the App is used, improving the App and personalising your App experience. While the App does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals, we do not track (nor do we permit third parties to track) your online activity over time across third-party websites.
2. How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
In general, we use and share Personal Information as permitted or required by applicable laws, rules or regulations, and for purposes relating to the operation and continued development of the App and Braun Thermometers. We may use and share Personal Information for management and administration purposes. We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. We may use and share Personal Information as follows:
To provide, maintain and improve the App and related services for you
. We may use and share Personal Information to provide services to you through the App or otherwise, as well as to support the App and Braun Thermometers, and improve their features and functionality. We may share Personal Information with trusted vendors that we use to provide services related to the App and Braun Thermometers (including, for example, our cloud storage provider).
With your consent
. We may use and share Personal Information as allowed under any permission you may provide including the User Consent.
To communicate with you
. We may use your Account Information to send you notifications through the App and to respond to you when you contact us.
To comply with the law
. We may use and share Personal Information with third parties if we believe that an applicable law, rule or regulation requires us to do so, including to comply with a summons, search warrant or similar legal process.
To protect our legal rights and prevent harm
. We may use and share Personal Information with third parties to establish, protect or assert our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims. We may also use and share Personal Information with third parties when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To inform third-party partners of survey results
. We may share your responses to surveys with third-party partners to keep them informed regarding industry trends. When we request that you complete a survey, we will include information regarding any third-party partners with whom we will share the results.
To investigate suspected wrongdoing
. We may use and disclose Personal Information to third parties when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
To create de-identified and aggregated data
. We hold all rights, title and interest in and to de-identified data. We reserve the right to use and share de-identified data (regardless of whether it has been aggregated) for any purpose, in our sole judgement. For instance, we may use and share aggregated and/or de-identified data for the following purposes:
To improve the App
. We may use and share de-identified data to evaluate the effectiveness of the App, identify trends and improve operations related to the App.
To conduct research
. We may use de-identified data for research, including analytics and product development. Analytics is the process of examining data to draw conclusions from that information. We may also share de-identified data with third parties for research and analytics purposes.
To support public health
. We may use and share de-identified data for public health purposes and to provide trend analysis.
In Connection with Organisational Changes
. We may use and share Personal Information with third parties if Helen of Troy or any of its affiliates is involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of all or a portion of its assets or other restructuring.
Marketing
. With your consent, your personal information may be used to help us communicate with you, for example to offer you surveys, contests, coupons or events in which you are free to participate. We may provide you with information about our Products, such as alerts, changes, new features or sales offers from Braun or Helen of Troy, or to announce new Products to you. You can manage your notification preferences here.
3. Your Ability to Access and Change Your Personal Information
You may access and update Account Information, Profile Information and Event Information by using the App for as long as this information is maintained. For example, through the App, you can view information such as: (1) self-reported information stored in user-created profiles related to common illnesses; (2) self-reported information regarding an individual’s symptoms, including those provided through use of the App’s form fields or drop-down menu, as well as those entered into open text fields by the user; (3) Profile Information related to an individual’s weight and height; and (4) information you input into the App related to medications administered.
Locally Stored Media (such as photographs or videos) is kept on your smartphone and is not uploaded to our servers. You may access this information through the App for as long as you choose to maintain the connection between the Event Information and the Locally Stored Media. Once you delete Locally Stored Information from your smartphone, it will not be accessible through the App. You may replace Locally Stored Information connected to Event Information at any time, at your sole discretion.
4. Sharing Information With Third Parties
You can use the App to share certain Profile Information and Event Information with your healthcare provider or another third party, if you choose. To share this information, you may create a file (PDF) using the App and email it to your provider’s email address. The App will neither store provider contact information nor will we ever send anything on your behalf.
5. Minors and other Guardianship Situations
Minor children are not eligible to use the App and the Braun Thermometer and we ask that they do not submit any personal information to us. While the App and Braun Thermometer are designed to assist parents and other caregivers in monitoring the temperatures and conditions of minor children and other dependants, we do not knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from minor children themselves. If you are under the age of 16, you are not authorised to access, or to submit any content or information to, the app. If a parent or other user becomes aware that a child has provided us with any personally identifiable information through the App or a connected Braun Thermometer, the parent or caregiver should call us on +1-800-327-7226 or email us at
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
. We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
6. Data Storage and Retention
All Personal Information collected pursuant to this Privacy Notice will be stored on servers maintained by our trusted cloud storage vendor, with the exception of Locally Stored Media.
We will retain such Personal Information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. Retention periods can vary based on the type of information, how it is used and relevant legal requirements. However, all Account Information, Profile Information and Event Information will be deleted after 2 years of App inactivity. We consider the following factors when determining how long we keep Personal Information: (1) the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information; (2) the potential risk of harm from its unauthorised use or disclosure; (3) the purposes for which we process your information; (4) whether we can achieve those purposes through other means; and (5) any applicable legal requirements. Technical Information that has been unlinked from all Personal Information may be retained indefinitely and used for any legitimate business purposes.
We recommend that you regularly log in to your App and confirm that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. If you have a doubt regarding the accuracy of data, please inform us and we will implement means to correct or erase inaccurate data.
If you would like us to delete any Personal Information, please call us on +1-800-327-7226 or email us at
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
. Keep in mind that Personal Information may be required for you to have full access to the App, and we may be required to retain certain information by applicable laws, rules or regulations. Additionally, Personal Information already shared pursuant to this Privacy Notice or the User Consent may be used or re-shared by the recipient(s) even after we have deleted it, to the extent that such re-disclosure is not prohibited by applicable law.
7. Security
We have taken reasonable steps to secure Personal Information. We comply with applicable laws relating to the security of Personal Information. The App includes physical, administrative and technical safeguards designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Personal Information as well as to prevent impermissible uses and disclosures of Personal Information. Please be aware that, although we endeavour to secure Personal Information, no system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Event Information collected via the App in open text fields will be encrypted when stored locally. As described above, Locally Stored Media, such as photographs, may be linked to Event Information but will be stored locally and will not be uploaded to our servers.
We are not responsible for the security of internet or phone service providers or of email systems you may use to share information collected through use of the Braun Thermometer and App with another individual. We cannot guarantee that information will be encrypted on such systems.
8. Additional Information and Disclosures for Users Located in Europe
If you are in the EEA or the UK and the processing of Personal Information is subject to the GDPR, please review these additional privacy disclosures and information about rights under the GDPR
Data Controller:
Helen of Troy is your data controller, as defined under the GDPR, as the provider of the App. For our contact information, please see Section 10 below.
Special categories of Personal Information:
The App allows you to input certain Personal Information that may be considered to be a “special category” of Personal Information under the GDPR. Where we process such special category information, we do so on the basis of your explicit consent. We collect such consent through the User Consent, as described above.
Lawful basis for processing your Personal Information:
As described above in Sections
1
,
2
,
3
and this Section 8 of this Privacy Policy, we process Personal Information when you use the App. When we process Personal Information, we have identified a legal basis under which such processing may occur, including:
Consent. We may collect, use and share Personal Information on the basis of your consent. You may revoke your consent at any time by calling us on 800-327-7226 or emailing us at
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
. As described in this Privacy Policy, we rely on consent for the following types of processing:
Processing Personal Information that may be considered a special category of Personal Information under the GDPR (as described above).
Marketing or other promotional materials.
Notifications related to new relevant products or services, discounts and news when you have previously consented to receiving such communications (e.g. texts, email, postal mail, etc.).
The placement of cookies, tags or similar technology, remarketing or conversion pixels, beacons, clear GIFs, interest-based advertising or other tools by Helen of Troy or an affiliated third party, in order to provide you with more relevant products or services.
Performance of a contract
. We must collect and use Personal Information in order to provide you with the products and services that you request. This includes Personal Information used to provide you with the App and related services.
Legitimate interests
. We collect and use Personal Information to the extent necessary for our legitimate interests and purposes as referenced above in Section
2
.
Fulfil Legal Obligations
. We are subject to various legal requirements in the jurisdictions in which we operate that require us to collect, process, disclose and retain Personal Information in order to comply with those laws, as referenced above. We may be required by law to retain Personal Information for certain periods of time or to provide copies of Personal Information to law enforcement, governmental or other regulatory authorities or third parties.
Your rights:
Much like U.S. law, the GDPR provides you with certain rights related to the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Information. You can exercise these rights by calling us on +1-800-327-7226 or emailing
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
. You may be asked to provide proof of identification so that we can verify that it is you making the request.
Specifically, you have the following rights:
Access
. You have the right to know we collect certain Personal Information about you and to ask us for copies of Personal Information.
Rectification
. You have the right to request that we correct information you think is inaccurate or incomplete.
Object to processing
. You have the right to object to the processing of Personal Information in some circumstances. You can exercise this right when Personal Information is used: (1) for a task carried out in the public interest; (2) for our legitimate interests; (3) for scientific or historical research, or for statistical purposes; or (4) for direct marketing.
Erasure
. You have the right to request that we erase the Personal Information we have collected about you in certain circumstances. Please note the right to erasure is not absolute and only applies in the following circumstances:
We no longer need Personal Information to carry out the purpose that we collected it for.
You have withdrawn your consent to our use of Personal Information.
You have objected to our use of Personal Information and your interests outweigh our interests in using it.
You believe we have processed Personal Information unlawfully.
We have a legal obligation to erase Personal Information.
The Personal Information you are seeking erasure of was submitted by a child under 16 (or 13 where applicable) at the time of submission.
Please note that the GDPR provides several exceptions to this right and permits us to object to your request under certain circumstances. If we are unable to comply with your request to erase Personal Information, we will tell you in writing what Personal Information we have continued to retain, the reasons we have retained it and how long we expect to retain it for.
Restrict processing
. You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of Personal Information in certain circumstances. You can request that we temporarily limit the use of Personal Information when we are reviewing:
A challenge you have to the accuracy of Personal Information.
An objection you have made to our use of Personal Information.
You can also request that we limit the use of Personal Information rather than delete it if:
You believe we processed Personal Information unlawfully, but you do not want us to delete it.
We no longer need Personal Information, but you want us to keep it in order to create, exercise or defend legal claims.
Data Portability
. You have the right to receive a copy of the Personal Information that we collect about you in a way that is accessible and in a machine-readable format where the processing is based on your consent or the performance of a contract with you, or carried out by automated means. You have the right to request that such Personal Information be transmitted directly from us to another data controller, where technically feasible.
Withdraw consent
. You can withdraw your consent at any time when we are relying on consent to process Personal Information. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent.
Lodge a complaint with a Data Protection Authority (EU DPA)
. If you are concerned that we have not complied with your legal rights or applicable privacy laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local EU DPA.
Transfers of Personal Information:
Helen of Troy is located in the United States, its services are provided in the United States and its data is stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may be different from those of your country of residence. If you reside in a country other than the United States, upon using the App, you provide your explicit consent for Helen of Troy to transfer Personal Information to the United States, and process, share and store Personal Information within the United States, consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
9. Changes to This Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time for any reason. Should we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy to the App and the changes will be effective upon such posting. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you do not agree with any updates to this Privacy Policy, do not continue to use the App. Continued use of the App after the effective date of an update to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of the updated terms.
10. Questions and Support
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the App or connected Braun Thermometers or have questions about our privacy practices, please call us on +1-800-327-7226, email us at
ConsumerRelations@helenoftroy.com
or write to us at:
Consumer Relations
Helen of Troy
400 Donald Lynch Blvd #300,
Marlborough, MA 01752
USA
Effective Date
: 19 October 2021
By clicking “Accept” below:
You acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the Braun Family Care App Privacy Policy.
You accept this Privacy Policy.
You represent that you have authority to accept this Privacy Policy for the user and for any other individuals for whom profiles will be created.
You acknowledge that you intend to be bound by and to sign the Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the Privacy Policy, please delete the App from your smartphone.
Accept Cancel
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://oag.ca.gov/privacy:
Skip to main content
Home
About
Who We Are
About AG Rob Bonta
About the Office of the Attorney General
History of the Office
What We Do
Public Safety
Opinions and Quo Warranto
Research Advisory Panel
Research Center
Children & Families
Civil Rights
Consumer Protection
Environment & Public Health
What We're Working On
Housing
Office of Gun Violence Prevention
21st Century Policing
Consumer Protection and Economic Opportunity
Health Care
Environmental Justice
Equality
Immigration
Children’s Rights
OpenJustice
Media
Media Center
Press Releases
Media Library
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Careers
Career Opportunities
How to Apply
Assessments
Job Vacancies
Internships & Student Positions
Become a Special Agent
Become a Deputy Attorney General
Organization of the Office
About the Office
Legal Services Divisions
Division of Law Enforcement
California Justice Information Services (CJIS)
Administration
AG Honors Program & Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Attorney General's Honors Program
Geoffrey Wright Solicitor General Fellowship
Regulations
Resources
For Businesses
Submit Data Security Breach
Privacy Resources
SB 478 - Hidden Fees
Service on the Attorney General
Office Locations / Status Updates
Laws Requiring Service on the AG
Open Government
Overview
Ballot Initiatives
Conflicts of Interest
Criminal Justice Statistics
Public Records
Publications
Grants
Grant Opportunities
Programs
Programs
See All Programs
Most Popular
Charities
Megan's Law
CURES
Service on the Attorney General
Division of Medi-Cal Fraud & Elder Abuse
Most Popular
Permits & Registrations
Prop 65 – Safe Drinking Water
Missing Persons
Data Security Breach
Human Trafficking
Appointments
Contact
Contact Us
Contact Us - En español
Contáctenos/Formularios
Service on the Attorney General
Home
Privacy and Data Security
In the 21st century, we share and store our most sensitive personal information on phones, computers and even in “the cloud.” Today more than ever, a strong privacy program, which includes data security, is essential to the safety and welfare of the people of California and to our economy.
Privacy Unit
The Department of Justice’s Privacy Unit:
Enforces state and federal privacy laws.
Empowers Californians with information on  their rights and strategies for protecting their privacy.
Encourages businesses to follow  privacy-respectful best practices.
Advises the Attorney General on privacy  matters.
Consumer Privacy Resources
Identity Theft
Protecting Children Online
Business Privacy Resources
Privacy Enforcement, Laws, and Legislation
Privacy Reports
Special Protection
Data Breaches
Privacy and Data Security
Privacy and Data Security Home
Business Privacy Resources
California Consumer Privacy Act
Consumer Privacy Resources
Data Breaches
Identity Theft
Privacy Enforcement Actions
Report a Breach
Protecting Children Online
Resources for Law Enforcement
Special Protection
Data Brokers
Data Broker Listing
Original text
Rate this translation
Your feedback will be used to help improve Google Translate