CHEF Game Studio
Privacy Policy
The following privacy policy applies to all of the apps and games of CHEF Game Studio on both Google Play and App Store as well as all related services.
CHEF Game Studio (“Chef”, "Chef Games", “chef.gs”, “chefGS”, "we", "our" or "us") respect the rights and our obligations regarding the privacy and personal information of our users ("users" or
"you"). This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with any CHEF Game Studio game provided on a mobile platform (collectively, the "Service"). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by CHEF Game Studio through your use of the Service. CHEF Game Studio is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or a
ny products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies. As used herein, the term “use” shall mean use, access, play, install, sign into, connect with, download, visit or browse our Sites or Services. By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. You should not use our Services if you do not agree with this Policy.
Data
CHEF Game Studio use technologies like cookies, web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your device so we can deliver a better experience. We also may collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us, such as your name, address, phone number or email address. With your permission, we may also access other personal information on your devices, such as your phone book, calendar or messages, in order to provide services to you. If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other information from social network services like Facebook. Our systems are not designed to associate personal information with your activities (such as the pages you view or things you click on or search for). We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. If you believe we have inadvertently collected such information, please contact us so we can promptly obtain parental consent or remove the information.
Location
To customize our services for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.
Third-Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics, Game Analytics, Facebook Analytics, Unity Analytics, and One Signal. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, Media Access Control (“MAC”) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity (“IMEI”), locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
Ad Tracking
Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device but is not linked to your identity. Click to see companies’ privacy policies and opt-out choices:
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy
Unity: https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy
Disclosure of Information
CHEF Game Studio does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
- We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
- If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your information shared with a third party for marketing purposes, we will share your information with the third party (or third parties) in which case the third party’s use of your information is subject to the third party’s own privacy policy.
- We may share your information with third-party companies that perform services on our behalf, including payment processing, order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing services, e-mail campaigns, hosting services, and customer service. While providing the services for us, these companies may access your personal information and are required to use it solely as directed by us for the purpose of our requested service.
- In the event that CHEF Game Studio undergoes a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, corporate divestiture or dissolution (including bankruptcy), or a sale of all or a portion of its assets, we may share, disclose or transfer all of your information, including personal information, to the successor organization in such transition.
Information Security
We take reasonable steps to secure your personally identifiable information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt the transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error. Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.
Your Choices
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data and certain anonymous data.
- When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive.
- Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service-related communication, including notices of any updates to our Privacy Policy, terms of use, or license.
- Changes to Personal Data. You may request deletion of your Personal Data by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
Changes to The Policy
Our privacy policy may change from time to time. When we do, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of the privacy statement. We will obtain your opt-in consent for any updates to this Privacy Policy that materially expand the sharing or use of your personal information in ways not disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time of collection.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please contact us:
Email: support@chef.gs
Address: ODTU TEKNOKENT GALYUM BLOK BK-1 TR-06800
Last Updated: 26-01-22
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://policies.google.com/privacy%C2%A0:
404.
That’s an error.
The requested URL was not found on this server.
That’s all we know.