Main
Legal
Terms of Service
ChangeNOW Terms
ChangeNOW Pro Terms
Affiliate Program Terms
ChangeNOW API Terms
Staking Service Terms
Asset Listing Terms
Privacy Policy
Corporate Responsibility
Security & Trust
Risk Disclosure Statement
Hard Fork Policy
Partner Agreement
Listing Agreement
Law Enforcement Request
Last updated at 10:50 AM UTC • June 29, 2023
Privacy Policy
At ChangeNOW, we respect and protect the privacy of our customers. In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) we explain how we handle the information we get when you access our services. Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy carefully before using any of ChangeNOW’s services.
Document's contents
1. What information we collect
2. Why we collect your personal information
3. Why we are entitled to process your personal information
4. Sharing personal Information with other parties
5. Protection of the personal information
6. Data Retention
7. About us
Amendment of the Policy
The Policy is presented in the most up-to-date version. Over time, ChangeNOW may unilaterally amend the Policy, including to comply with the latest changes in the applicable law and jurisprudence. All changes come into force from the moment they are published on this page, unless a different period is indicated in the text of the amendments. We will make every effort to organize additional ways to notify users of amendments to the Policy, but we ask you to regularly check for the latest version on the website yourself.
1. What information we collect
Depending on the service you wish to use, we may collect the following types of information: e-mail, transaction logs, data collected via cookies and similar technologies.
We may collect information about your device, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, problem solving and service improvement. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns and does not identify any individual.
Our website also uses cookies. It helps us with the analysis of the visits to our services and helps us to deliver a better product.
The user has the right to refuse acceptance of cookies or limit their use. In this case, we will use only those cookies that are necessary for the operation of the website (technical and session cookies). The user also has the right to delete cookies from the website in the settings of his browser. For example, for Google Chrome, you can find instructions for managing cookies
here
.
2. Why we collect your personal information
We collect the minimum required scope of personal data to support your privacy rights.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you enable us to use your email address for contacting you and suggesting further cooperation. You may always request to stop receiving such emails. Please be aware that the email address you provide will not be used for misleading purposes by ChangeNOW and will not be provided to third parties for marketing purposes.
We may also use emails for user support purposes.
We process your technical information and cookies to improve the services that you use on ChangeNOW website for statistical and analytical purposes.
We do not use automated processing of personal data to make decisions that entail legal consequences for a subject of personal data, or otherwise affect her rights and legitimate interests.
We guarantee that we do not sell Users' personal data directly for a monetary reward. ChangeNOW will not give, sell, rent or loan any personal Information to any third party.
3. Why we are entitled to process your personal information
Collectively, we rely on the following grounds for data processing:
your explicit informed consent with the Policy to processing, expressed through consent forms;
our legitimate interest.
As a rule, we obtain your consent to processing of personal data in accordance with the Policy. Without obtaining such consent, unfortunately, we are forced to terminate access to the services or significantly limit functionality of the services for you. At the same time, you always have an opportunity to withdraw your consent or request erasure of any information collected by us, even if you have given us initial consent to processing of your data.
4. Sharing personal Information with other parties
Please be aware that starting June 2021, ChangeNOW works with a KYC provider called SumSub in order to prevent fraud. They act individually as data controllers and process your personal data based on consent you provide to them. You may get acquainted with their Privacy Policy
here
. ChangeNOW does not collect or process personal data for personality verification.
ChangeNOW may share your information with third party providers under contract that help with parts of our business operations such as: cryptocurrency exchange service, cryptocurrency purchase and sell service.
We ensure that any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and our contracts prohibit them from selling your information to anyone else. We may share your information with financial institutions with which we partner to process payments you have authorized.
We may share your information with law enforcement or regulatory agencies, as may be required by law.
5. Protection of the personal information
We take security of your data seriously.
The Policy available is presented in the most up-to-date version. Over time, we may unilaterally amend the Policy, including to comply with the latest changes in the applicable law and jurisprudence. All changes come into force from the moment they are published on this page, unless a different period is indicated in the text of the amendments. ChangeNOW will make every effort to organize additional ways to notify users of amendments to the Policy, but we ask you to regularly check for the latest version yourself.
We will not permit any third parties to contact you directly on an unsolicited basis in relation to their own products or services. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal identification information to others.
We use certain security measures to help keep your personal information safe, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will stop any users trying to get around the privacy or security settings on the Website through unforeseen and/or illegal activity.
We observe generally accepted standards to protect your information. In particular, we have taken at least the following measures:
we use encryption for all network connections through which data is transmitted;
we test our systems for vulnerabilities and security issues at least once every 12 months;
access to confidential data is protected, for example, through passwords;
incident response processes are tested at least once every 12 months;
an automated system has been introduced to monitor logs and other security events, as well as to generate warnings about abnormal or security-related events.
Our employees and third parties are obliged to keep personal data confidential when accessing your data.
We are constantly improving our data security systems and doing everything in our capacity to prevent its leakage. In case such a leak occurs, we undertake to notify users and the regulatory authority about the incident as quickly as possible, as well as to make every effort to minimize negative consequences.
6. Data Retention
We will retain your information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the objectives outlined in this policy. We will also limit retention to what is essential for meeting legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing agreements.
If you request that your personal data be deleted, we will fulfill the request within two weeks by deleting personal data to the extent allowed by applicable laws and regulations. Please note that some data may be retained for legal, regulatory, or technical purposes.
7. About us
CHN Group LLC.
, a company incorporated in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Registered address in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines: Euro House, Richmond Hill Road, Kingstown
Postal Address: Newtonlaan 115, Utrecht, 3584 BH, Netherlands
For any inquiries and request please contact us via
compliance@changenow.io