Search this site
Embedded Files
Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Toni Rajkovski ("Developer", "we", "us") provides this Privacy Policy to explain how it collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with Developer’s Mobile Apps(Crazy Eights 3D, Spades 3D, Septica 3D, Mau Mau 3D), and websites (collectively, “services”). Developer respects the privacy of their users and is committed to protecting the user’s information. You have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our services.
This privacy policy is effective as of January 25, 2023.
The types of information we collect and how we collect it:
Personal Information
Developer collects a unique identifier for each user in our Mobile Apps. The user can login within the Mobile Apps with Facebook and/or Apple, in which case the correspondent Indentifier will be stored on Developer's server. This Indentifier can lead to user's public profile which is a personal user information.
Developer integrates many third party SDKs in to our services. These SDKs are used for advertising to our users, analyze service usage, enabling in-app purchases, or providing game services like achievements and leaderboards. Developer allows third party operators this collected solely for internal operations of the service as permitted by applicable rules and laws. This could include, but is not limited to, persistent advertising identifiers, geolocation information, and IP address. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below.
Some of our services require or allow a user to provide a screen name so they can be identified within the service.
Non-personal Information
Developer allows third parties to collect some anonymous information by which users cannot be identified. Non-personal information may include technical information about your device, such as your browser type, screen resolution, device type, language, type of operating system. Non-personal information is gathered by third party services while you are accessing the service. They are allowed to use this information to conduct research and analysis, but only for strictly limited purposes. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below. Internally, Developer also reserves the right to collect anonymous information for research and analysis. This information is generic in nature and cannot be used to individually identify a user. This information is collected each time a user runs one of our services.
Service Specific Information
Some Developer services allow users to send messages to each other while playing a game. These messages are then transmitted and store on Developer controlled servers.
In order to support some services, Developer may collect identifiers associated with a user’s account on social networks like Facebook. Additionally, we  also use a user’s profile picture from social networks or game services. The user's profile picture is not stored on our servers however it can be obtained by using the identifier. In case of online gaming the identifer can be transmitted to other users and by that the other users would be able to download and see your profile picture during the online gaming.
Information stored on Developer's server
Our server is located in US and that is the place where the user information is stored.
These are the information stored on the server:
1) Identifier that identify the user real identity(Facebook ID)
2) User customization that is related to the Mobile App (avatar image, nickname, frame, rating, ...)
3) The user progress in the Mobile App (levels that user has passed)
4) Items that user has bought with virtual currency(unlocked content within the Mobile App)
5) Technical information related to user interaction with the server  (checksums, last login timestamp, ...)
What we do with the personal information we collect:
Advertisers collect data regarding advertisement performance, user’s interaction with ads, our apps and user’s interests. Collected data may include user’s personal information in order to serve users ads and for the third parties’ legitimate business interests. Developer collects persistent identifiers in order to provide support for our services to our users.
When a service asks for a username, it is used to visually identify that user to other users playing the game.
What we do with the non-personal information we collect:
Third party operators are allowed to collect and use non-personal information to conduct research and analysis, or to target advertisements, or other limited purposes. This information cannot be used to individually identify any user. We encourage you to review the policies of the third party operators listed below. Similarly, Developer also uses non-personal information to conduct research and analysis. We do this to improve our services in future updates or to gain knowledge about how our users our interacting with the service.
What Developer do with service specific information collected:
Each of our games that allow messaging other users provide an option for joining or creating publicly visible games/matches, or for playing only against other users known to the current user.
If Developer collects identifiers associated with a user’s account on social networks like Facebook, or game services like Apple Game Center or Google Play Services, then it is explicitly required for some feature in that service. For example, the identifier could be saved so that a user’s connections on the social network can see their high score or progress in the game. As stated elsewhere in this policy, you can contact us to have this information deleted for yourself or your child under the age of 13.
Children
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us at toni.rajkovski@gmail.com . We will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
Disclosure of Personal information
The scenarios in which we will share your personal data are as follows:
we determine that it is required by law;
we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property;
we are participating in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets;
we have your consent; and
as described above in relation third-party operators collecting information from our services.
Under no other circumstances will Developer share, sell, rent, or release your data.
Data deletion
The Developer's services (Mobile Apps) provide automated way of deleting user's data stored on Developer's server.
The user
can
locate the Delete Button in Settings or Profile menu and it can trigger the automated data deletion.
If the user cannot handle the automated deletion the user can contact the Developer on
toni.rajkovski@gmal.com
and send hers/his UserId by which the Developer will delete their data on its server in a time reasonable period.
Please be aware that when user deleted his/hers data on the server the data is deleted on the server but preserved on the user device(Mobile device as the data is related to Mobile App). If the user contiues to use the service the data will be again stored on the server. Therefore the user is advised to immediatelly stop using the Mobile App after it deletes the data on the server.
Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards and internal procedures to protect personal information submitted to us.
Third-party Operators:
Advertising Networks
Developer allows advertisements from the Third Party ad networks to be displayed in our services. Developer makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the third party ad networks are configured to comply with applicable privacy laws, and we reasonably believe this to be the case for each of them.
Social Networks
Some of our services integrate a third-party social network such as Facebook to allow sharing progress with friends, or allowing them to be invited to use our service. The privacy policy of each social network will indicate what data is available to us and how we use it.
The following is a list of the third party operators we currently use in our services and links to their privacy policies:
Google Inc.
Google Developer Distribution Agreement
Unity3d
Facebook
Appodeal's Privacy Policy
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We will periodically update this privacy policy to reflect changes in our information practices, and to add additional third party operators. Please check back regularly, as your continued use of our services indicate your acceptance of any changes to this policy.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us via email at
toni.rajkovski@gmail.com
.
Google Sites
Report abuse
This site uses cookies from Google to deliver its services and to analyze traffic. Information about your use of this site is shared with Google. By using this site, you agree to its use of cookies.
Learn more
Got it
Sub-section Policy: 
Sub-policy 0
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.appodeal.com%2Fprivacy-policy&sa=D&sntz=1&usg=AOvVaw3M7EeBJ-eYjIfo7uuAcxAi:
