Privacy policy
Welcome to the Privacy Policy of Health & Her LTD, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with the company number 10781348, and registered office address at Tramshed Tech, Pendyris St, Cardiff CF11 6BH, trading from PO Box 1137, Cardiff, CF11 1WQ.
Health & Her understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits
healthandher.com
(hereinafter the
“Website”
) and you can be assured that your data will only be used as stated in this privacy statement.
By visiting our Website, you agree to its terms (including as amended from time to time) and this Privacy Policy. If, for any reason, you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please stop using this Website.
We reserve the right to revise or amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our business or changes in the law. Where these changes are significant we will endeavour to email all of our registered users to make sure that they are informed of such changes. However, it is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy before each use of the Website. This version was last updated on 10th February 2022.
This Privacy Policy supplements other notices including our Website Terms and Conditions and is not intended to override or replace them.
What this policy covers
This Privacy Policy covers our collection, processing and use of data when you use our Website and/or App and does not extend to any websites that are linked to from our Website and/or App.
Where this Privacy Policy refers to ‘personal data’ it is referring to data about you from which you could be identified – such as your name, your date of birth, your contact details and your IP address.
We have appointed a data protection officer (hereinafter
“DPO”
) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our DPO in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: Health & Her LTD
Email address: contact@healthandher.com
Postal address: PO Box 1137, Cardiff, CF11 1WQ
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (hereinafter
“ICO”
), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (
www.ico.org.uk
). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
The Information We Collect
When you use this Website and/or App (including filling in forms, registering to use our Website/App, purchasing products, subscribing to our service), we may collect the following information from you:
Identity Data: may include first name, last name, title, username.
Contact Data: may include e-mail address, billing address, postal address, telephone number; and mobile number.
Special Category Data: (medical information) includes details of clinical symptoms.
Transactional Data: may include details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data: may include IP address, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Profile Data: may include your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences and feedback.
Usage Data: may include information about how you use our Website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data: may include your preferences in receiving marketing from us and third parties.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific Website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
Special Category Data
Medical and health data amounts to Special Category Data for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will not use your Special Category Data unless you have provided express consent.
We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
Failure to Provide Personal Data
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
How We Collect Data
We collect data about you through a variety of different methods including:
Direct interactions: You may provide data by filling in forms on our site (or otherwise) or by communicating with us by email or otherwise, including when you:
order our products or services;
create an account on our site;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request resources or marketing be sent to you;
enter a competition, prize draw, promotion or survey; or
give us feedback
review products and content
How We Use Your Information
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We only rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data, when we are processing your Special Category Data.
Purposes for which we will use your data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new user
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To give clinical advice and commentary
(a) Special Category
(b) Identity
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Consent
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(c) Provision and operation of referral marketing programmes
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to complete a survey or provide feedback
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this Website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant Website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our Website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our Website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
(f) Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Special Category, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
Opting out
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, or other transactions.
Service Providers
Our service providers and professional advisers provide us with a variety of administrative, statistical, and technical services. We will only provide service providers and professional advisers with the minimum amount of personal data they need to fulfil the services we request, and we stipulate that they protect this information and do not use it for any other purpose. Our service providers and professional advisers include but are not limited to: Mailchimp, Klaviyo, Mandrill, AWS, Mention Me, Paypal, Stripe and Google Analytics.
Links To Other Websites
Our Website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this Website, so when you link to other websites we have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and we do not accept any responsibilities or liabilities for the privacy policies of other websites. We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
How We Store Your Information
We share your data with our service providers as set out above. Since some of our service providers are based outside the European Economic Area (
“the EEA”
), their processing of your personal data will at times involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
• We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission; or
• Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Notwithstanding the security measures that we take, you are expected to use a suitable device with adequate security measures when accessing our site to transfer any information. Any transmission of your data is at your own risk.
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
External Third Parties including:
Service providers who provide payment processing, IT, marketing and system administration services;
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services; and
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the legal obligations of the third party. We may from time to time share such data with third parties such as prospective investors, affiliates, partners and advertisers. All such data will be anonymised and will not include any personally identifying information.
We may be legally required in certain circumstances to disclose your personal information to third parties, examples of such circumstances could include, but not limited to the following:
If our company were acquired by a third party, in which case your data will be deemed as one of the transferred assets.
If We sell or buy any business or assets in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer.
If We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of us.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These include the right to:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request deletion of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal data (including first name, last name and email address) for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ option included in all emails, or by emailing us at
contact@healthandher.com
How do you remove your account from our database?
You can contact us to request for your account to be closed at any time by emailing us at
contact@healthandher.com
How can you obtain information held about you?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information please email us at
contact@healthandher.com
.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or information we hold on you, please email us at
contact@healthandher.com