ARCHAEOLOGICAL PARK OF POMPEII
INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
pursuant to article 13 of the 2016/679 EU Regulation
This information is provided to inform you pursuant to art. 13 of the European Regulation n. 679/2016 (hereafter GDPR) regarding the use of your personal data. The Entity undertakes to respect and protect its confidentiality by processing the personal data provided by you in compliance with the provisions of law aimed at ensuring the security, accuracy, updating and relevance of the data with respect to the stated purposes. processing of your personal data.
Index
Identity and contact details of the Data Controller
Contact details of the Data Protection Officer (“RPD”)
Purpose and legal basis of the processing
Type of data and methods of processing
Recipients of personal data
Data controllers and authorized parties
Data retention period
Rights of the interested party
Identity and contact details of the owner
The Data Controller is the Pompeii Archaeological Park, located in Via Plinio 4, Pompeii (NA).
Contact Data of the Data Protection Officer (“RPD”)
As foreseen by the art. 37 of the GDPR, the Authority has proceeded to designate with a formal act the Person in charge of Protection of Personal Data (RPD), which can be contacted at the following e-mail address: p-pompei@beniculturali.it or at the headquarters.
Purpose and legal basis of the processing
The personal data provided by users who request dispatch of informative material (newsletters, requests, brochures and documents, reports relating to services or to the site itself …) are used only to perform the service or provision requested upon release of consent.
In addition, the website of the Entity acquires, during normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols and for which reference is made to the Cookie Policy.
Type of data and methods of processing
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail messages to the addresses indicated on the website entails the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s address, necessary to respond to requests, as well as any other personal data included in the same request. The optional, explicit and voluntary registration through the appropriate web form (newsletter) on our site entails the subsequent acquisition of all the data reported in the fields filled in by the user and the processing is carried out exclusively in fulfillment of the institution’s own institutional activities.
The data provided will be processed with the aid of automated processes suitable to guarantee the security, confidentiality and integrity of the data, exclusively by technical personnel authorized to process and for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected in compliance with the legislation on the protection of personal data.
Specific security measures have been adopted to prevent the loss of data, illicit or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
Recipients of personal data
Your personal data will not be disclosed to third parties or disseminated.
Data Processors and Authorized Persons
The Entity may use third parties for the performance of activities and related processing of personal data of which it retains ownership. In accordance with the provisions of the law, these subjects ensure levels of experience, capacity and reliability that ensure compliance with the current provisions on data processing, including data security and have been designated for this purpose as Data Processors by formal deed. . The Managers are subject to periodic checks in order to ascertain the maintenance of the levels of guarantee registered when the initial assignment was entrusted.
Your personal data are also processed by previously authorized internal staff and to whom appropriate instructions are given in order to measures, expedients, modus operandi, aimed at ensuring the concrete protection of your personal data.
Data retention period
Personal data are processed with automated tools for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which they were collected.
Rights of the interested party
Pursuant to art. 13, paragraph 2, letters (b) and (d) and 14, paragraph 2, letters (d) and (e), as well as articles 15, 16, 17, 18, and 21 of the GDPR, the subjects to whom the personal data refer have the right at any time to ask the Data Controller to access personal data, rectification, integration, deletion of themselves, the limitation of the processing of data concerning them or to oppose the processing of the same if the conditions laid down by the GDPR occur.
The above rights may be exercised by the interested party by sending a request to the Data Protection Officer, available at the following address: pa-pompei@beniculturali.it.
The interested party has the right to lodge a complaint with the Guarantor for the protection of personal data, following the procedures and indications published on the official website of the Authority: www.garanteprivacy.it.
You may at any time revoke your consent to the processing pursuant to article 7, paragraph 3 of the GDPR by sending a communication to the following address: pa-pompei@beniculturali.it.
The withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the treatment based on the consent issued prior to the revocation.
MyPompeii background location
If you have ‘background location’ turned on, the MyPompeii app will, from time to time, tell us about your device’s location even if you are not directly interacting with the application, in order to communicate you the right position related to all the Archaeological Park of Pompeii points of interest. It will also give us the possibility to inform if you are entering a not allowed area of the Park
ARCHAEOLOGICAL PARK OF POMPEII
www.pompeiisites.org
Cookie policy
This Cookie Policy (hereinafter also the “Policy”) has the purpose to describe the management methods of the site currently available at the address “www.pompeiisites.org” with reference to the use of Cookies or markers (hereinafter also “Cookies “).
The Authority’s website acquires, during normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but which by their very nature could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the site, the addresses in the Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) notation of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user’s computer environment.
These data, necessary for the use of web services, are also processed for the purpose of:
obtaining statistical information on the use of services (most visited pages, number of visitors per hour or day, geographical areas of origin, etc.)
check the correct functioning of the services offered The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes to the detriment of the site: except for this eventuality, data on web contacts persist for a time not exceeding that necessary for the purposes for which they are collected and subsequently treated.
What they are and for what purposes they are collected
A “cookie” is a small text file created by some websites to store information on the user’s computer when he accesses the site. Cookies are sent from a web server to the user’s browser and stored on the user’s computer; they are then sent back to the website at the time of subsequent visits.
Types of cookies used
The portal does not use profiling cookies: no personal data collected during the browsing of users is used to send advertising messages in line with the preferences expressed by the user while surfing the net
a) Technical and functional cookies
These cookies are necessary to allow navigation on the institutional sites of the organization and to use various functions and services requested by users.
The use of these cookies allows the Authority, for example, to increase the security of the service requested by the user by blocking access following repeated failed login from a reserved area, or to remember the preference, for example the language , regarding the web pages visited.
b) Cookies analytics
The portal uses analytical cookies of the first part used only by the portal operator for example to estimate the number of unique visitors, and for purposes of mere monitoring, such as that of identifying the main keywords for search engines that lead to a institutional web page or to identify the browsing problems of the website.
These data do not allow the user to be personally identified because they are automatically “anonymised” before being processed by the statistical software for web accesses.
c) Third-party analytics cookies in some cases it is also used the service of Google Analytics, which uses cookies to perform statistical analysis of monitoring of visitors, the data is collected by Google Analytics anonymously (without the last 3 digits of the IP address) and are not crossed with other information held by Google, therefore these cookies are similar to technical cookies and do not require prior consent from users.
d) Third-party cookies In some cases “third-party” cookies may be used, managed directly by third parties and of which the organization does not carry out any treatment. For example, third-party cookies may be transmitted when interacting with sharing plugins or with social media authentication, when viewing videos that reside on a Youtube channel. Some of these features are better described below.
Use of social network plug-ins
The portal is integrated with some social network plug-ins, in particular Facebook, Twitter, Google, Instagram to allow users to publicly share the contents of the portal they find interesting. When the user visits a page of the site, the plug-ins present establish a direct connection between the user’s browser and social networks. Through this connection social networks acquire some information about the user, such as IP address, date and time of the visit, browser used, etc. Furthermore, if the user is logged in (and therefore authenticated) on one of these social networks, the information collected can be linked to their social profile. The body instead does not detect any information that is transmitted to the social network through the plug-in.
Disable the use of cookies
You can disable the use of cookies by changing the settings of your browser, for example:
Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Gestione%20dei%20cookie
Internet Explorer:
https://support.microsoft.com/it-it/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Chrome:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it%20
Safari:
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?viewlocale=it_IT&locale=en_US
Safari IOS: https://support.apple.com/it-it/HT201265
If the browser used is not among those proposed, select the “Help” function on your browser to find information on how to proceed.
Delete cookies directly
Currently almost all browsers allow you to delete all installed cookies.
For more instructions, see the help of your browser or visit one of the following links:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer:
http://windows.microsoft.com/it-IT/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-9
Cookie settings in Firefox:
https://support.mozilla.org/it/kb/Eliminare%20i%20cookie
Cookie settings in Chrome:https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=it&ref_topic=3421433
Cookie settings in Dafari (iOS):http://support.apple.com/kb/HT1677
However, with each new navigation the cookies will be installed again; because of this, it is requested to perform this operation periodically or use automated functions for the periodic cancellation of cookies.