We value your privacy
We and our
partners
store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.  With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1472 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting.  Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Marketplace
Create Wishlist
Community
What's New
How-To Guides
F.A.Q
Safe Trading Guide
Giveaways
Add Listing
Log In
Sign Up
Items
All
art
Clothing
DIY Recipes
Flowers
Food
Fossils
Furniture
Materials
NPC
Photos
Plants
Posters
Services
Songs
Tools
Villagers
Close Notices for 24 Hours
Hello Kitty Island Adventure trading now on Traderie!
Privacy Policy
Nookazon ("us", "we", or "our") operates Nookazon.com (the "Site"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We collect and store user-provided information in the sign up form and the user’s profile. This information may be used to contact you, identify you, and/or for site-related communications, and is used solely to communicate with you and for providing and improving the Site. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your Nookazon Username, Email, Other Contact Information, Discord Username, Twitter Username ("Personal Information"). You agree that all information you provided will be accurate and complete, and you agree to update your information as appropriate. While we ask for your birth date at registration to confirm that you are 13 years or older, we do not store this information. In addition, we also collect data that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
2. Advertising and Google Analytics
We use third party services such as Google Analytics and Playwire that collect, monitor and analyze user’s use of the Site. We use these services to determine the popularity of certain content, better understand online activity, and implement internal and third-party remarketing services. By accessing the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. You are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them for responses to your questions. If accessing the site from the UK, you can opt out of targeted advertising by indicating that on the pop up when you visit the site in compliance with GDPR.
3. COMMUNICATIONS
We may use your Personal Information to contact you if necessary for assistance with your account, or if we need to send a site-wide notice to all of our users. To enhance your experience we may provide you with interactive communications from time to time, using the e-mail address that you provide to us. Such interactive communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them. You may revoke our use of your emails for these purposes by clicking the unsubscribe button in your profile settings.
4. COOKIES
When you use our website, we share information that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt out of this use, please click here.
5. Data Retention
We generally will only store your information as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information is collected and processed or – where the applicable law provides for longer storage and retention periods – for the storage and retention period required by law. To dispose of personal data, we may anonymize it, delete it or take other appropriate steps. Data may persist in copies made for backup and business continuity purposes for additional time.
In particular:
If you withdraw your consent on which a processing of your personal data is based, Nookazon will delete your personal data without undue delay to the extent that the collection and processing of the personal data was based on the withdrawn consent.
If you exercise a right to object to the processing of your personal data, Nookazon will delete your personal data that Nookazon processed for the purpose to which you objected without undue delay, unless another legal basis for processing and retaining this data exists or unless applicable law requires us to retain the data.
6. YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We believe that users should be treated equally no matter where they are, and so we are making the following options to control your data available to all users, regardless of their location. You can update certain information by accessing your profile via “Settings.”   Individuals in California, the European Economic Area, Canada, Costa Rica and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect. They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways.
How can I access the personal data you have about me?
If you would like to submit a data access request, you can email hello@akrew.com with the subject line “Personal Data Request.” We will then start the process and provide you access to the personal data that Nookazon has on you within 30 days.
How do I correct, update, amend, or delete the personal data you have about me?
In addition to the functionality available through the “Settings” of the Services, in which you can correct, update, amend, or delete certain personal data, you can also request other modifications from us directly. Please email hello@akrew.com with the subject line “Personal Data Request” in the subject or body of your message, along with an explanation of what data subject right you are seeking to exercise. For your protection, we may take steps to verify identity before responding to your request.
How do I object or restrict the manner in which Nookazon processes my personal data?
You have a right to ask us to stop using or limit our use of your personal data in certain circumstances—for example, if we have no lawful basis to keep using your data, or if you think your personal data is inaccurate.
In addition to those rights, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
7. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or (“CCPA”) and the “Shine the Light” Law. If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. This Privacy Statement is intended to comply with the California Privacy Protection Act, which became effective January 1, 2020 (“CCPA”) and to provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the collection and treatment of the personal information of California consumers that is subject to CCPA. Please click here for additional information applicable to the rights of California consumers under the CCPA.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Our Collection and Use of Personal Information: We collect the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as your username, the email address you use to sign up, and your phone number, if you’ve chosen to provide it); commercial information (a record of what you’ve bought from Nookazon, if anything); financial data (payment information, if you’ve bought anything from Nookazon); internet or other network information (how you interact with the application); location information (because your IP address may indicate your general location); inference data about you; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you. For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see the “INFORMATION WE COLLECT” section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION” above.
Disclosure of Personal Information:
We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION” section above. We disclose the categories of personal information mentioned above for business or commercial purposes. No Sale of Personal Information: The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that sell personal information. We do not sell the personal information of our users.
Exercising Your Consumer Rights:
If you are a California resident, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, (2) deletion of your personal information, and (3) to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable. Details on how to make these requests are in the “YOUR DATA RIGHTS AND CHOICES” section above. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
8. YOUR RIGHTS UNDER GDPR
This Privacy Policy and its enumerated policies are intended to comply, where applicable, with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 (as amended and revised, the “General Data Protection Regulation” or “GDPR”) and provide appropriate protection and care with respect to the treatment of your personal data, in accordance with the GDPR. Nookazon is the controller of your personal data. In particular, without limitation, you may have the following rights under applicable European data protection law:
Right of access: You have the right to obtain confirmation from Nookazon as to whether or not Nookazon processes personal data from you, and you also have the right to at any time obtain access to our personal data stored by Nookazon. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nookazon as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to rectification of your personal data: If Nookazon processes your personal data, Nookazon shall endeavour to ensure by implementing suitable measures that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which Nookazon collected your personal data. If your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you have the right to obtain the rectification of such data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nookazon as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to erasure of your personal data or right to restriction of processing: You may have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data or the restriction of processing of your personal data. To exercise this right you may at any time contact Nookazon as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to withdraw your consent: If you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on the consent before the withdrawal. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy or proceed as further described in this Privacy Policy (e.g. update your cookie settings with respect to tracking cookies).
Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you and which you have provided to Nookazon, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit those data to another controller. To exercise this right you may at any time contact us as provided in Section 7 of this Privacy Policy.
Right to object: You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data as further specified in this Privacy Policy.
Right to lodge a complaint with supervisory authority: You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority located in the European Union. You may contact the Hesse Data Protection Supervisor.
9. SECURITY
We care about the protection of your user information and use industry standard safeguards to do so. Of course, it's important to keep in mind that no data transmission on the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure. Your information is stored on servers located in the United States. We use industry standard physical, electronic, and organizational safeguards to protect your user information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy. We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. If you are concerned that your privacy may have been breached, please contact us as provided below.
10. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
This Site and the Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13 or the minimum age of digital consent, as applicable. By using or accessing the Services you agree (i) that you are at least 13 years of age and/or the minimum age of digital consent in your country, (ii) if you are the age of majority in your jurisdiction or over, that you have read, understood, and accepted to be bound by the Terms, and (iii) if you are between 13 (or the minimum age of digital consent, as applicable) and the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms. If we discover that the Services are being used by a child under the age of 13 or the minimum age of digital consent, as applicable), we reserve the right to terminate your access to and use of the Site and the Services.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page, as evidenced in the change in date reference. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be made when required in response to changing legal, technical, or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.   We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
12. YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
13. HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at hello@akrew.com
Updated as of September 2, 2020
Home
Log In
Sign Up
Nookazon is supported by ads
Join Akrew Pro to remove ads!