MYQSAFE – Privacy Policy
Introduction
MYQSAFE are committed to building the world’s best virtual queuing system,
      pat of this process means ensuring out customers privacy is protected.
This means that we’ll protect the personal information of all visitors who
      access our websites or services through any mobile application, platform or
      device (collectively, the “Services”).This privacy notice (“Privacy
      Notice”) explains how MYQSAFE, our subsidiaries and affiliates collect,
      share, and use your personal information. You’ll also find information
      about how you can exercise your privacy rights. By using our Services you
      agree to MYQSAFE using your personal information as described in this
      Privacy Notice. The terms “we”, “us” or “our” are each intended as
      reference to www.myqsafe.co.uk and any terms not defined in this Privacy
      Notice are defined in our Terms.
Summary
We’ve summarised the key points of our Privacy Notice below. If you want
      more information on a particular section, just click on the Learn more
      links below to jump to that section.
1. Information we collect from you and why
From time to time, we may receive personal information from third party
      sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms like
      Facebook but only where we have checked that these third parties either
      have your consent to process the information or are otherwise legally
      permitted or required to share your personal information with us. This
      information may include your likely demographic group.
A. Information that you provide voluntarily:
Registration information when you create a MYQSAFE account so we can:
- create your account so you can place service requests under our Terms
- identify you when you sign-in to your account;
- contact you for your views on our Services; and
- notify you of changes or updates to our Services.
Transaction Information when you place a service request with a service
          provider in order to:
- process your service request
- communicate your service request to the service provider;
- send you status updates on your queue;
- reply to your service request queries and questions and to resolve
          problems;
- carry out analysis and research to develop and improve our Services;
          and
- protect you and the Services by seeking to detect and prevent fraud
          or other acts in breach of our Terms or policies relevant to the
          Services.
Information regarding your marketing preferences so we can:
- send you customised marketing about our products or services.
Feedback on your views of our Services in order to:
- reply to your questions or queries;
- publish reviews you submit to us about the service providers and
          services; and
- conduct analysis and research to improve and develop our Services.
B. Information that we collect automatically
Activity Information so we can:
- provide you with an improved experience;
- give you access to your queue history and preferences; and
- provide other services at your request.
Cookies and similar technologies so we can:
- measure and analyse the use and effectiveness of our Services;
- customise and optimise the targeting of advertising for our Services
          across other websites and platforms; and
- provide location services if you choose to share your geo-location.
C. Information that we obtain from third-party sources
Analytics reports and market research surveys in order to:
- measure the performance of marketing campaigns for our Services; and
- better understand your preferences so that we can customise our
          marketing campaigns and Services accordingly.
We process information that you provide voluntarily, information that we
      collect automatically and information that we obtain from third party
      sources in order to constantly improve our Services. Using this, we can
      make it even easier for you to find the services you need you want when you
      want them, no matter what device you choose to use or where you are in the
      world.
2. Who we share personal information with
We may share your personal information with the following recipients (and
      whenever we do, we will ensure that we have appropriate security and
      contractual safeguards in place to protect it):
Service Proviers that you have placed a service request with
MYQSAFE companies within our group;
Third parties who undertake various activities to promote, market or
          support our Services.
Any law enforcement or regulatory body, government agency, court or
          other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary under
          applicable law or regulations;
New owners or re-organised entities in the event of a business
          restructuring, sale, purchase or joint venture affecting our business.
Any other person provided that you have given your consent. We will
          never sell, distribute or otherwise share your personal information
          unless we have your permission.
3. Legal basis for processing personal information
MYQSAFE will always make sure we have a legal basis to collect and use your
      personal information. The legal basis we rely on will change depending on
      the type of information and the context in which we collect it.
Our main reason for collecting and using your personal information is to
      perform our contract with you (i.e. to make sure you get your service
      information when and where you want it), but we may also process it where
      it is in our legitimate business interests to do so.
4. International data transfers
We may transfer your personal information to countries outside the one in
      which you are resident to other countries where MYQSAFE or our service
      providers have operations. The data protection laws of these countries may
      differ from the laws of your country but MYQSAFE takes care to implement
      appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information in those
      countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5. Security
MYQSAFE places great importance on protecting your information from and
      against unauthorised access and against unlawful processing, accidental
      loss, destruction and damage. We implement appropriate technical and
      organisational measures to safeguard such information.
6. Data retention
MYQSAFE will retain your personal information for no longer than is
      necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Notice. We may
      also retain certain elements of your personal information for a period
      after you delete or deactivate your account for our legitimate operations
      such as record keeping and to comply with our legal obligations. Whenever
      we retain your information we will do so in compliance with applicable
      laws.
7. Your data protection rights
You can access your account at any time to review and update your personal
      information. You can also contact us to ask us to delete your personal
      information, restrict its processing or request that it be ported to a
      third party. You also have the right to unsubscribe from the marketing
      communications we send you by using the unsubscribe functionality in any
      marketing communication you receive from us or by amending your profile
      accordingly.
8. Links to third-party sites
Our websites may, from time to time, contain links to and from third-party
      websites (for example, those of our partner networks, advertisers and
      affiliates). If you follow these links, please be aware that MYQSAFE is not
      responsible or liable for these third-party websites which will have their
      own privacy policies.
9. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing
      legal, technical or business developments. We encourage you to periodically
      review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice and
      MYQSAFE's privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer on
      info@myqsafe.co.uk using the subject line of data protection.
More information
1. Information we collect from you and why
From time to time, we may receive personal information from third party
      sources, including advertising networks and social media platforms like
      Facebook but only where we have checked that these third parties either
      have your consent to process the information or are otherwise legally
      permitted or required to share your personal information with us. This
      information may include your likely demographic group.
A. Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Services may ask you to provide personal information
      voluntarily.
For instance:
Registration information: When you create a MYQSAFE account, sign-up or
      fill in forms on the Services, we collect information about you including
      your name, address, telephone number, email address and the password you
      create.
Transaction information: We collect information relating to your service
      requests and queues joined.
Information regarding your marketing preferences: We collect information
      about your preferences to receive marketing information any time you
      subscribe or unsubscribe.
Feedback: When you post messages and reviews of the Services or you contact
      us, for example with a question, problem or comment, we collect information
      about you including your name and the content of your query. If you contact
      our customer support teams we will record and keep a record of your
      conversation for quality and training purposes and to aid in the resolution
      of your queries.
B. Information that we collect automatically
When you access our Services, we may collect certain information
      automatically from your device. In some countries, including countries in
      Europe, this information may be considered personal information under
      applicable data protection laws.
For instance:
Activity information: We collect information about your usage of the
      Services and information about you from the content you create and the
      notifications or messages you post or send as well as what you search for,
      look at and engage with.
Cookies and similar technologies: We use cookies and similar tracking
      technology to collect and use personal information about you (e.g. your
      Internet Protocol (IP) address, your device ID, your browser type and when,
      how often and how long you interact with the Services), including to
      facilitate interest-based advertising.
For further information about the types of cookies and similar technologies
      we use, why, and how you can control such technologies, see our Cookies
      Policy.
C. Information that we obtain from third party sources.
From time to time, we may receive personal information from third party
      sources, including advertising networks but only where we have checked that
      these third parties either have your consent to process the information or
      are otherwise legally permitted or required to share your personal
      information with us. This information may include your likely demographic
      group.
For instance:
Analytics reports and market research surveys: We collect information from
      our third party affiliates about the way you respond to and engage with our
      marketing campaigns so that we can customise our marketing and Services
      accordingly.
We may also receive aggregated information in the form of audience segments
      from third party sources in order to display targeted advertising on
      digital properties operated by organisations like Facebook and Google.
Our use of collected information
Examples of how we may use this information include:
2. Who we share personal information with
In delivering the Services to you, depending on the circumstances, we may
      share your personal information with the following entities:
Service providers you place service requests with so that the service
          provider can process and deliver your service to you.
Companies within the MYQSAFE group of companies (which means our
          subsidiaries and affiliates, our ultimate holding company and its
          subsidiaries and affiliates either now or at any time in the future) -
          these companies act for us and process your personal information for
          the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Third parties who undertake various activities to promote and support
          our Services.
As mentioned in section 2 above, we may also share information with third
      parties so that they can contact you about goods or services which may
      interest you. We will only share your information with these third parties
      where you have given your consent. If you don’t want us to use your
      personal information in this way or generally change your mind about
      receiving any form of marketing communications, you can unsubscribe at any
      time using the unsubscribe functionality in the communication you receive
      or by amending your profile accordingly. If you choose to unsubscribe from
      our marketing, we will keep a record of your preferences so that we don’t
      bother you with unwanted marketing in future.
If any part of our business enters into a joint venture, purchases another
      business or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your
      information may be disclosed or transferred to the target company, or new
      business partners or owners or their agents and advisors. In these
      circumstances we will always inform the relevant entities that they must
      only use your personal information for the purposes disclosed in this
      Privacy Notice.
Any law enforcement or regulatory body, government agency, court or other
      third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of
      applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our
      legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any
      other person.
Any other person provided that you have given your consent to the
      disclosure. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information
      unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
3. Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information as
      described above will depend on the specific context in which we collect it.
Our main reason for collecting and using your personal information is to
      perform our contract with you. However we will also use your personal
      information where it is in our legitimate business interests to do so (but
      only if our interests are not overridden by your data protection interests
      or your fundamental legal rights and freedoms). In some cases, we may have
      a legal obligation to collect personal information from you (e.g. in the
      event of legal proceedings) or we might need to process it or share it with
      others to “protect your vital interests” (this is legal speak for saving
      your life) or those of another person (e.g. in a case where another
      person’s life is in danger).
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal
      requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at
      the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal
      information is mandatory or not (and we’ll also explain the possible
      consequences of you not providing it).
Similarly, we may collect and use your personal information in reliance on
      our legitimate interests (or those of any third party). Relevant legitimate
      interests include a) to market to you or make you offers that we believe
      will interest you; b) to analyse and understand how our services are used
      and so to improve them; c) for fraud prevention or prevention of other
      criminal acts; or d) to keep our systems secure.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the
      legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please
      contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us”
4. International data transfers
We may transfer your personal information to countries other than the
      country in which you are resident. This includes, but is not limited to the
      location of MYQSAFE’s website servers.
5. Security
We place great importance on keeping your personal information safe and
      secure. As such, we put in place appropriate technical and organisational
      measures / industry standard technology to protect it from unauthorised
      access and unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage.
The security measures we use are designed to provide a level of protection
      security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
      Where you have chosen a password which allows you to access certain parts
      of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password
      confidential. We advise you not to share your password with anyone and to
      use a unique password for our Services. We will not be liable for any
      unauthorised transactions entered into using your name and password.
6. Data retention
MYQSAFE will retain your personal information where we have an ongoing
      legitimate business need to do so (for example, while you hold an account
      with us or to enable us to meet our legal, tax or accounting obligations).
If you object to us processing certain categories of your personal
      information (including in relation to receiving marketing communications
      from us), we will retain a record of your objection to the processing of
      your information so that we can continue to respect your wishes.
We will destroy or permanently anonymise your personal information at the
      point that we no longer need to process it for our ongoing legitimate
      business needs or for any legal reason. If this is not possible (for
      example, because your personal information has been stored in backup
      archives), then we will securely store it and isolate it from any further
      processing until deletion is possible.
7. Your data protection rights
MYQSAFE respects your privacy and data protection rights. Below is a
      summary of your rights in respect of the personal information of yours
      which MYQSAFE handles:
MYQSAFE provides you with the tools to access, review or update your
      personal information at any time through your account. If you wish to
      request deletion of your personal information, you can do so by contacting
      us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to
      restrict processing of your personal information or request that it be
      ported to a third party. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting
      us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading
You have the right to opt-out of receiving marketing communications we send
      you at any time. You can exercise this right by using the unsubscribe
      functionality in the communication you receive or by amending your profile
      accordingly.
Similarly, if we collect and process your personal information on the basis
      of your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time.
      Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing
      we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of
      your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing
      grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection supervisory authority
      about our collection and use of your personal information. We respond to
      all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data
      protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
8. Links to third-party sites
Our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites
      of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates or to any number of
      websites that may offer useful information to our visitors. We provide
      these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does
      not imply endorsement of the relevant website by MYQSAFE. If you follow a
      link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy
      policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for
      these policies or those linked websites. Please check these policies before
      you submit any personal information to such websites.
9. Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing
      legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy
      Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with
      the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any
      material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable
      data protection laws.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest
      information on our privacy practices.
10. How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice and
      MYQSAFE's privacy practices, please contact us:
By email at: info@myqsafe.co.uk
By writing to us at:
MYQSAFE Ltd
40 Broad Street
Worcester
WR1 3LR