Terms of Service
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Please read these terms of service ("terms", "terms of service") carefully before using ovrtechnology.com website (the "service") operated by OVR Tech LLC ("us", 'we", "our").
Conditions of Use
We will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to read them carefully.
Privacy Policy
Before you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy policy (Below) regarding our user data collection. It will help you better understand our practices.
Copyright
Content published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is the property of OVR Tech LLC and/or its content creators and protected by international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on this website is the exclusive property of OVR Tech LLC, with copyright authorship for this compilation by OVR Tech LLC.
Communications
The entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our website, you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails. You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that such communications be in writing.
Applicable Law
By visiting this website, you agree that the laws of Vermont, without regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms of service, or any dispute of any sort that might come between OVR Tech LLC and you, or its business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court of Vermont and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments, Reviews, and Emails
Visitors may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening, infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software viruses, political campaign, and commercial solicitation.
We reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content. When you post your content, you grant OVR Tech LLC non-exclusive, royalty-free and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout the world in any media.
License and Site Access
We grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written consent from us.
User Account
If you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account or password.
We reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel orders in their sole discretion.
OVR Technology Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
What data do we collect?
How do we collect your data?
How will we use your data?
How do we store your data?
Marketing
What are your data protection rights?
What are cookies?
How do we use cookies?
What types of cookies do we use?
How to manage your cookies
Privacy policies of other websites
Changes to our privacy policy
How to contact us
How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
We collect the following data:
Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)
Locations and usage without personal identifiers
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide us with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
Our Company may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Google Analytics that may collect monitor and analyze your Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
How will we use your data?
Our Company collects your data so that we can:
Process your order and manage your account.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
[Add how else your company uses data]
When Our Company processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.
How do we store your data?
Our Company securely stores your data at [enter the location and describe security precautions taken].
Our Company will keep your [enter type of data] for [enter time period]. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data by [enter how you delete users’ data].
Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date. By clicking unsubscribe in any correspondence or emailing us at info@ovrtechnology.com.
You have the right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes.
What are your data protection rights?
Our Company would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access
– You have the right to request Our Company for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
The right to rectification
– You have the right to request that Our Company correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Our Company to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure
– You have the right to request that Our Company erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing
– You have the right to request that Our Company restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing
– You have the right to object to Our Company’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability
– You have the right to request that Our Company transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email:
Call us at: 802-391-4192
Or write to us: info@ovrtechnology.com
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
How do we use cookies?
Our Company uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our website
What types of cookies do we use?
There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses:
Functionality – Our Company uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies are used.
Advertising – Our Company uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Our Company sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website.
How to manage cookies
You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Privacy policies of other websites
The OVR Tech LLC website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 24 July 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about Our Company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: info@ovrtechnology.com
Call us: 802-391-4192
Or write to us at:
OVR Tech LLC
Attn: Website
208 Flynn Ave, Ste 3E
Burlington, VT 05401