Terms and conditions, Privacy Policy, Warranty and Copyright Notice
TOKEN2 Sàrl (hereinafter referred to as Token2 or Token2.com) Privacy Policy, Terms, and Conditions of Sale and Delivery and Copyright Notice
Table of Contents
Token2 Privacy Policy
General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery
Support
Shipping Schedule
Warranty Notice
Token2 Copyright Notice
Token2 Privacy Policy
Last Revised: December 1st, 2022
Token2 cares about your privacy. For this reason, we collect and use personal data only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our world-class products, services, websites and mobile applications (collectively, our "Services"). Your personal data includes information such as:
Name
Address
Telephone number
Email address
Other data collected that could directly or indirectly identify you.
Our Privacy Policy is intended to describe to you how and what data we collect, and how and why we use your personal data. It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process.
What information do we collect?
We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services. Much of what you likely consider personal data is collected directly from you when you:
(1) create an account or purchase any of our Services (ex: billing information, including name, address);
(2) complete contact forms or request newsletters or other information from us (ex: email); or
(3) participate in contests and surveys, apply for a job, or otherwise participate in activities we promote that might require information about you.
However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance. These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be (as they vary from time to time) and how they work:
Account related information
is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as account number, purchases, when products renew or expire, information requests, and customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded. We may also use your email address to inform about order and product updates during or after the order.
Cookies
and similar technologies
on our websites and our mobile applications allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, items purchased, your device type, and to collect various data, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Services. This allows us to provide you with more relevant product offerings, a better experience on our sites and mobile applications, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Services. We may also collect your location (IP address) so that we can personalize our Services.
Data about Usage of Services
is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metadata, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific data about your interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie data, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error data, and some of this data collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location.
Supplemented Data
may be received about you from other sources, including publicly available databases or third parties from whom we have purchased data, in which case we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
How we utilize information.
We strongly believe in both minimizing the data we collect and limiting its use and purpose to only that (1)
for which we have been given permission
, (2)
as necessary to deliver the Services you purchase or interact with
, or (3)
as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes
. These uses include:
Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Services we provide to you.
We collect various information relating to your purchase, use and/or interactions with our Services. We utilize this information to:
Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services (again, including our websites and mobile applications)
Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Services and systems
Collecting aggregate statistics about the use of the Services
Understand and analyze how you use our Services and what products and services are most relevant to you.
Often, much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our Services and is not linked to any personal data, but to the extent it is itself personal data or is linked or linkable to personal data, we treat it accordingly.
Sharing with trusted third parties.
We may share your personal data with affiliated companies within our corporate family, with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:
Processing credit card payments
Serving advertisements
Conducting contests or surveys
Performing analysis of our Services and customers demographics
Communicating with you, such as by way email or survey delivery
Customer relationship management.
We only share your personal data as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf. These third parties (and any subcontractors) are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal data for any other purpose than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent).
Communicating with you.
We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding products or services you have signed up or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service-related communications.We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you will find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed based upon legitimate interests. You don't need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our goods or services. These contacts may include:
Email
Text (SMS) messages
Telephone calls
Automated phone calls or text messages.
You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us and/or our partners by signing into your account and visiting relevant pages.
If we collect information from you in connection with a co-branded offer, it will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the information and whose privacy policy applies. In addition, it will describe any choice options you have in regards to the use and/or sharing of your personal data with a co-branded partner, as well as how to exercise those options.
If you make use of a service that allows you to import contacts (ex. using email marketing services to send emails on your behalf), we will only use the contacts and any other personal information for the requested service. If you believe that anyone has provided us with your personal information and you would like to request that it be removed from our database, please contact us at  office [at] token2.ch.
Transfer of personal data abroad
. If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal data across international borders. Also, when you call us or initiate a chat, we may provide you with support from one of our global locations outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal data is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests
. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (such as subpoena requests), to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process. We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations, and policies when you register a domain name with us.
Website analytics
. We use multiple web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Google Analytics and others to collect information about how you interact with our website or mobile applications, including what pages you visit, what site you visited prior to visiting our website, how much time you spend on each page, what operating system and web browser you use and network and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Google for Google Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal data such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service provider in accordance with their individual privacy policies.
Third-party websites
. Our website and our mobile applications contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites. Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
How you can access, update or delete your data.
To easily access, view, update, delete or port your personal data (where available), or to update your subscription preferences, please sign into your Account and visit Edit Profile page.
If you make a request to delete your personal data and that data is necessary for the products or services you have purchased, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services purchased or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual recordkeeping requirements.
If you are unable for any reason to access your Account Settings or our Privacy Center, you may also contact us by one of the methods described on the "Contact Us" page.
How we secure, store and retain your data.
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored, including utilization of encryption where appropriate.
We retain personal data only for as long as necessary to provide the Services you have requested and thereafter for a variety of legitimate legal or business purposes. These might include retention periods:
mandated by law, contract or similar obligations applicable to our business operations;
for preserving, resolving, defending or enforcing our legal/contractual rights; or
needed to maintain adequate and accurate business and financial records.
If you have any questions about the security or retention of your personal data, you can contact us at
office@token2.com
.
Age restrictions.
Our Services are available for purchase only for those over the age of 16. Our Services are not targeted to, intended to be consumed by or designed to entice individuals under the age of 16. If you know of or have reason to believe anyone under the age of 16 has provided us with any personal data, please contact us.
Changes in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy and any other places we deem appropriate, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page, at least thirty (30) days prior to the implementation of the changes.
General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery
1. Scope of application
The provisions of these General Terms and Conditions apply as the standard contract conditions which are used in a contract with a merchant in the normal course of business. In accepting an offer or order confirmation or by sending a purchase order, the customer (hereafter called the Purchaser) confirms his acceptance of these General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery. Contradictory terms and conditions laid down by the Purchaser will not be binding upon Token2.com (hereafter called the Seller), even if no specific objections are raised by the Seller, The services, deliveries and offers of the Seller are carried out exclusively on the basis of these Terms and Conditions of the Seller. These thus also apply to all future business relations, even if they are not explicitly agreed upon again. These Terms and Conditions are taken as accepted at the latest when the product or service is received.
Any other document that the present General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery, such as catalogs, prospects, advertisements and other notes shall only be informative and indicative, and shall not constitute a contractual obligation. Product-related text and image and other product specific information have been carefully prepared, however, no responsibility is taken for the correctness of this information in all documents and digital media of the Seller. Any offers, order acknowledgment, order acceptance of sale of any product of the Seller is conditional upon the terms contained in this document. Any conditional or different terms proposed by the Purchaser are objected to and will not be binding upon the Seller unless accepted expressly in writing by the Seller. These conditions shall govern any individual contract of sale between the Seller and the Purchaser. Any typographical, clerical or other error omissions in any sales literature, quotation, price list, order confirmation, invoice or another document or information issued by the Seller shall be subject to correction without any liability on the part of the Seller.
2. Orders and Specifications
(1) The act of sale is effective after acceptance by the Seller of the order submitted by the Purchaser.
Offers and quotations do not constitute a contract and are of no contractual value.
No order submitted by the Purchaser shall be deemed to be accepted by the Seller unless and when confirmed in writing by the Seller or the Seller‘s representative.
Verbal agreements or arrangements with the Seller‘s employees shall only be binding unless and when they are confirmed in writing by the Seller.
In order to be legally effective, declarations of acceptance and all orders require written confirmation from the Seller (order confirmation) or written confirmation by email and/or fax are sufficient.
All order acceptances are given exclusively on the basis of these General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Delivery. Supplements, amendments, and verbal agreements shall require a written confirmation by the Seller to be legally binding.
Revocation of an order already sent by the Purchaser and confirmed by the Seller shall be inadmissible. Changes in the terms of the order (quantity, reference or technical specifications) shall only be admissible within 24 hours after the order confirmation has been sent by the Seller.
(2) The quantity, quality and description of any specifications for the Goods shall be those set out in the Seller‘s quotation (if accepted in writing by the Purchaser through an order) or the Purchaser‘s order (if accepted in writing by the Seller through the order confirmation).
Any such specification, sales literature, quotation etc. shall be strictly confidential and must not be made available to third parties. The Purchaser shall be responsible to the Seller for ensuring the accuracy of the terms of any order submitted by the Purchaser, and for giving the Seller any necessary information relating to the Goods within a sufficient time to enable the Seller to perform the contract in accordance with its terms. If the Goods are to be manufactured or any process is to apply to the Goods by the Seller in accordance with the specification submitted by the Purchaser, the Purchaser shall indemnify the Seller against all loss, damages, costs and expenses awarded against or incurred by the Seller in connection with or paid or agreed to be paid by the Seller in settlement of any claim for infringement of any patent, copyright, design, trademark or other industrial or intellectual rights of any other person which results from the Seller‘s use of the Purchaser‘s specification. The Seller reserves the right to make any changes in the specification of the Goods which may be required to conform to applicable statutory requirements, without being held responsible for such changes.
(3) In addition, where the Goods are to be supplied to the Seller‘s specification, the Seller reserves the right to make any changes which do not materially affect the quality or performance of the Goods.
(4) The information contained in any selling documents prepared by the Seller is only indicative and shall not be legally binding.
(5) Any analysis or study undertaken or delivered on request of the Purchaser has to be verified by him before use. The Seller accepts no responsibility and shall have no liability in contract, tort or otherwise to the Purchaser or other third parties in relation to the content of such documents.
(6) Unless the purchase is done over our online shop, the minimum order value is 50,– EURO. Beneath that amount, every order generates administrative charges of 12,– EURO.
(7) Revocation of an order already sent by the Purchaser and confirmed by the Seller will generate punitive damages of 10% of the amount of the order.
(8) The Purchaser is responsible for any VAT, tariff, duty, taxes, handling fees, customs clearance charges (DAP), etc. required by the Purchaser's country for importing consumer goods. The Seller does not collect this beforehand, and does not give any estimate of the cost - charges vary around the world.
3. Price of the Goods
(1) Unless stated otherwise, all prices are given by the Seller on an ex-works basis, and where the Seller agrees on demand of the Purchaser to deliver the Goods elsewhere as at the Seller‘s premises, the Purchaser shall be liable to pay the Seller‘s charges for transport, packaging, and insurance.
(2) Unless stated otherwise, the Seller is bound by the prices named in its offers for a period of 30 days from the date of the offer.
(3) The prices named in the Seller‘s order confirmation at the time of the delivery or service are binding. Further deliveries and services are calculated and to be paid for separately. The prices given in the order confirmation do not change unless it has been agreed otherwise, include postage and packaging.
(4) If at least three [3] months have, for any reason, passed between the conclusion of the contract and the delivery of the product, the Seller may raise the purchase price by an amount which corresponds to: the rise in the cost-of-living index and a modification of a tariff agreement and higher production costs and a currency regulation and an alteration of duties and a significant increase in the costs of materials and other costs of manufacture or any change in delivery dates.
(5) The price is exclusive of any applicable taxes, which the Purchaser shall be additionally liable to pay to the Seller if the cases arise.
When component pricing, taxes or foreign exchange rates change, we sometimes need to update prices on our online shop. As per Article 7 paragraph 3 of the Swiss Code of Obligations (CO), we are not obliged to communicate this in advance unless a formal offer is made and remains valid, therefore this paragraph is for informational purposes only and is not a part of the terms and conditions as such.
4. Terms of Payment
(1) Unless advance payment is requested or agreed, the Purchaser shall pay the price of the Goods within the time specified by the Seller from the date of the Seller‘s invoice. Trade discounts need the prior written approval of the Seller.
(2) Payment shall be effected by interbank payment transaction only; no cheque or bill of exchange will be considered as fulfillment of the payment obligation. It may be agreed between the parties that the Purchaser has to deliver a Letter of Credit issued by a bank acceptable to the Seller.
(3) All orders shall be accepted under the provision that the Purchaser is in the position to pay the complete amount of the purchase price. If this prerequisite is no longer fulfilled, which shall be assumed if unfavorable information about the Purchaser‘s economic situation exists or payments are not made within the agreed payment period, then the Seller can demand immediate cash payment before delivery of the commodities, regardless of the agreed payment date. In the event of a considerable deterioration of the financial situation of the Purchaser becoming known after conclusion of the contract or in the event of arrears in payment, the Seller shall have the right to withdraw from the contract and to demand immediate settlement of all claims, both due for payment and not yet due for payment. If the Seller makes use of the right to withdraw from the contract, the Purchaser shall reimburse the Seller for the loss of profits or expenditure incurred with a view to the order placed, in particular with a view to the working hours taken up. Payments must be made exclusively to the Seller.
(4) Rights of offset shall not be allowed.
5. Delivery
(1) For most of the orders the shipping is to be done within 5 working days, however, the deadlines and time periods indicated by the Seller are not binding unless agreed otherwise in writing. The Seller is not responsible for delays of delivery due to Force Majeure or due to events which make the delivery considerably more difficult or impossible for the Seller, even if binding time periods and delivery deadlines have been agreed. Those events permit the Seller to delay the delivery or service for the duration of the hindrance or to withdraw from the contract in full or in part in relation to that part that has not been fulfilled. The Seller is always permitted to carry out partial services or deliveries.
(2) The start of the delivery period stated by the Seller is subject to the clarification of all technical questions. Compliance with the delivery obligation of the Seller shall further presuppose punctual and proper performance of the Purchaser‘s obligations. The right to the plea of non-performance of the contract shall remain reserved.
(3) Delivery of the Goods shall be made by the Purchaser collecting the Goods at the Seller‘s premises at any time after the Seller has notified the Purchaser that the Goods are ready for collection or, if some other place for delivery is agreed by the Seller, by the Seller delivering the Goods to that place. If the Purchaser falls into arrears of acceptance of the Goods or culpably breaches other cooperation duties, the Seller shall be entitled to demand reimbursement of the costs incurred by the Seller to this extent, including all and any additional expenditure and other damages. The right of the Seller to further-reaching claims shall remain reserved.
(4) Where delivery of the Goods is to be made by the Seller in bulk, in case of stocks being not enough, the Seller reserves the right to deliver up to 50% less than the quantity ordered with respective adjustment in the price, the rest of the order to be delivered at a later stage. Also in case of stocks being not enough, the Seller reserves the right to ship the goods from a different location, including, but not limited to, different warehouse, reseller, distributor and similar, in the same or different country. If this involves additional potential fees or expenses, such as customs clearance or similar, and if such expenses are not shown in the invoice, quote, or offer document, the Seller will contact the Purchaser before shipping the order.
(5) If a fixed and binding time for delivery is provided for in the contract, and the Seller fails to deliver (in accordance with Point (3) of this Article) within such time or any extension thereof granted, the Purchaser shall be entitled, on condition that the arrears in delivery are based on a breach of contract by malice aforethought or gross negligence of the Seller and on giving to the Seller within a reasonable time notice in writing, to claim a reduction of 0,1% of the delivery value for each completed week of arrears, albeit no more than 5% of the delivery value, unless it can be reasonably concluded from the circumstances of the particular case that the Purchaser has suffered no loss.
(6) Liability for any loss of profits or any other consequential losses, including liability for loss of income which can otherwise customarily be achieved with the sold product(s), shall be ruled out.
(7) To the extent possible, the quantity ordered by the Purchaser shall be provided. Any difference in quantity resulting from the delivery note or the invoice shall be notified to the Seller in writing, albeit not later than five (5) working days after receipt of the commodities.
(8) If the Purchaser fails to accept delivery on the due date, he shall nevertheless make payment as if the delivery of the Goods had been accepted. The Seller shall arrange for the storage of the Goods at the risk and cost of the Purchaser. If required by the Purchaser the Seller shall ensure the Goods at the cost of the Purchaser
(9) Stock Availability may affect delivery delays, especially for cases with manual payment. In case the payment arrives significantly later, some products may run out stock. In such cases, TOKEN2 will contact the customer to confirm whether the customer is ready to wait or would like to be refunded.
Delivery Attempts
In case the initial delivery has failed and returned to us, the customer will be contacted to verify the address and delivery conditions (i.e. signature requirement etc.) and a second delivery will be attempted. In case the second attempt fails and/or the customer does not respond to address clarification requests during 5 working days, the order will be cancelled and  TOKEN2  will refund the price paid, minus the shipping costs incurred by TOKEN2 and 10% of the total amount as the administrative fee for handling the case.
Returns
Any unopened product still in factory sealed packaging may be refunded or exchanged within 14 days of the delivery date. This does not apply to HOTP or TOTP tokens if the seeds for them were already requested. Please note that the Purchaser is responsible for the return delivery charges.
6. Transfer of Risks
(1) In the case of Goods to be delivered at the Seller‘s premises (ex-works, Incoterms 2010) the risk shall pass to the Purchaser at that time when the Seller notifies the Purchaser that the Goods are available for collection.
(2) In the event of dispatch being impossible without culpability on the part of the Seller, the risk shall pass to the Purchaser upon notification of availability for dispatch.
(3) The risk of damage to or loss of the Goods shall pass to the Purchaser as soon as the Goods have been handed over to the person carrying out the transportation, or as soon as the Goods have left the Seller‘s warehouse. This shall also apply when the Seller is assuming the transport costs.
(4) The Purchaser shall check the incoming Goods immediately after receipt. Complaints of any kind shall be ruled out if they are not made within 14 days after the receipt of the Goods.
(5) Complaints or claims in relation to hidden defects which are difficult to discover in the course of the customary examination shall be addressed directly to the manufacturer.
(6) Defects of part of the delivery shall not entitle the Purchaser to make claims in relation to the entire commodities within a delivery.
7. Retention of Title
(1) Notwithstanding delivery and the passing of risk in the Goods, or any other provision of these conditions, the property in the Goods shall not pass to the Purchaser until the Seller has received full payment of the price of the Goods and all other Goods agreed to be sold by the Seller to the Purchaser for which payment is then due.
(2) If the Purchaser acts in breach of the contract, in particular in the case of payment default, the Seller shall have absolute authority to retake, sell or otherwise deal with or dispose of all or any part of the Goods in which title remains vested in the Seller;
(3) Until such time as the property in the Goods passes to the Purchaser (passage of ownership), the Purchaser shall hold the Goods as the Seller‘s fiduciary agent, and shall keep the Goods properly stored, protected and insured at his own costs.
(4) Until passage of ownership the Purchaser shall be entitled to resell or use the Goods in the ordinary course of its business, but shall account to the Seller for the proceeds of sale or otherwise of the Goods including insurance proceeds, and shall keep all such proceeds separate from any moneys or properties of the Purchaser and third parties.
(5) If the Goods are processed or reshaped by the Purchaser and if processing is done with Goods that the Seller has no property in, the Seller shall become co-owner of the new object in the ratio of the value of the object of purchase (final invoice amount excluding taxes) If the blending is done in such a way that Purchaser‘s object is to be regarded as the main object, it shall be deemed agreed that the Purchaser assigns co-title to the Seller pro rata.
8.Liability
(1) General provisions: With the exceptions of gross negligence of the Seller and with the exception of personal injury, the Seller‘s liability is limited, for all claims of the Purchaser in aggregate, to the value of goods & services received by the Purchaser to the extent such have been paid by the Purchaser at the date of the Purchaser‘s claim. The Purchaser warrants the waiver of liability from his insurers or from the third party which has entered into separate contractual agreements with him, against the Seller or the Seller‘s insurers beyond the limits and exclusions mentioned above.
(2) Liability for errors in Purchasers documents: The Seller is not liable for any damages due to the Purchaser‘s or third party errors relating to the contract execution, nor damages resulting from the use of technical documents, data or other information provided by the Purchaser containing errors undetected by the Seller.
(3) Liability for consequential damages and/or intangible damages: Under no circumstances, the Seller shall be liable for damages consequential and/or indirect such as: operating loss of profit, commercial loss or any other consequential losses (including consequential and/or indirect damages for installation costs, transportation costs, handling fees, travel costs, etc.)
9. Warranties and Exclusion Clauses
(1) The Purchaser shall examine the Goods as required by the law and in doing so check every delivery in any respect.
(2) The seller warrants that all items delivered under this agreement are under manufacturer’s warranty limited to 12 months from the date of the order. The warranty does not apply to accessories (such as usb-adapters and rope loops) and packaging (blister packaging, plastic boxes and similar items). In cases where applicable legal warranty periods exceed this duration, the longer period shall apply.
(3) The Seller shall not be liable for the Goods being fit for a particular purpose unless otherwise agreed upon, to which the Purchaser intends to put them.
(4) The above warranty is given by the Seller subject to the following conditions:the Seller shall not be liable for any defect in the Goods arising from any design or specifications supplied by the Purchaser;the Seller shall not be liable under the above warranty if the total price for the Goods has not been paid by the Purchaser at the due date for payment; the above warranty does not extend to parts, material or equipment manufactured by or on behalf of the Purchaser unless such warranty is given by the manufacturer to the Seller.
(5) This warranty does not cover defects in or damage to the products which are due to improper installation or maintenance, misuse, neglect or any cause other than the ordinary commercial application.
(6) Any claim by the Purchaser which is based on any defect in the quality or condition of the Goods shall be notified to the Seller within two weeks from the date of delivery.
(7) The Purchaser is entitled to demand the delivery of any substitute Goods, or repair or a reduction of the purchase price as set forth with the terms of each individual contract of sale. Liability for any loss of profits or any other consequential loss, including liability for income which can customarily be achieved with the product(s) sold, shall be ruled out.
(8) Where any valid claim in respect of any Goods which is based on any defect in the quality or condition of the Goods is notified to the Seller in accordance with these Conditions, the Seller shall be entitled at the Seller‘s sole discretion to either replace the Goods free of charge or repair the Goods.
(9) The Seller is not the manufacturer of
all
the products sold by him. The Seller, therefore, assumes no kinds of duties from such guarantees or warranties granted by the manufacturer. Written guarantee assurances granted by the Seller shall remain unaffected.
(10) The Seller does not guarantee the performance of any
third-party
system. The Seller does not give any guarantee of performance. The Seller assumes no kind of guarantee of output or efficiency of any system or component delivered to the Purchaser.
10. Miscellaneous Clauses
(1) The Seller reserves the right to improve or modify any of the products without prior notice, provided that such improvement or modification shall not affect the form and function of the product.
(2) This agreement supersedes and invalidates all other commitment and warranties relating to the subject matter hereof which may have been made by the parties either orally or in writing prior the date hereof, and which shall become null and void from the date of the agreement is signed.
(3) This agreement shall not be assigned or transferred by either party except with the written consent of the other.
(4) Each party shall be responsible for all its legal, accountancy or other costs and expenses incurred in the performance of its obligation hereunder.
(5) In the event of a conflict between the German, French and English version of the Terms & Conditions the English version shall prevail.
11. Choice of Law; Place of Jurisdiction
(1) This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Swiss law where a contract has been entered into between the Purchaser and Token2.com.
(2) Each party agrees to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts selected by the Seller.
(3) The Seller shall have the right to bring a claim before a court at the Purchaser‘s principal place of business or at his discretion before any other court being competent according to any national or international law. In case of any discrepancy between the different translations of the Terms and Conditions, the English version shall prevail.
12. Software and other digital assets
The applications such as burner apps  as well as other tools or digital assets such as csv files or similar files containing the token seeds are subject to license and support fees and can only be used if a hardware product is purchased from Token2.com (or its authorised resellers and partners). The license and support fees are included in the price shown on our website. Cost partitioning between hardware and license and support cost is displayed on the final invoice downloadable from the order page in PDF format. Separate invoices showing hardware costs only can be produced upon request . This does not apply to accessories, such as USB NFC Reader/Writer devices, NFC blocking sleeves, keychain ropes, USB adapters or similar.
13.
Reverse Engineering of hardware and software
The Purchaser shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise dismantle or deconstruct the Token2 devices, products, software or documentation or otherwise attempt to discover its underlying code, structure, implementation or algorithms.
14. Order cancellation and refunds
After the order has been processed, it is immediately sent to our dispatch department for shipping. Orders that have been shipped cannot be cancelled and will not be refunded. The order can be cancelled if the cancellation request arrives before it has been shipped. The refunds will be processed with deducting the transaction fees depending on the original payment methods. The fees are shown below and are subject to change:
Payment method
Non-refundable transaction fees
Stripe
2.9% + 0.30EUR
PayPal
3.4% + 0.30EUR
Bank transfer (European SEPA)
0.30EUR
Bank transfer (non-SEPA)
5EUR
The customer sees the refund as a credit approximately 5-10 business days later, depending upon the bank. Once issued, a refund cannot be canceled.
Support
15. End-user support modalities
End-user support is provided during office business hours, which is from
Monday till Friday
, from
09:00 to 18:00
Switzerland time (CET), excluding official public holidays determined by the Republic of Geneva and the Swiss Confederation.
The regular support guarantees response through our support service platform (
https://support.token2.com
) within
one business day
.
As an alternative to the support portal, you can also send an email to
support [at] token2.com
. While electronic communications (support portal or email) remain the recommended channels, you can also reach us by phone numbers listed
here
(from 10:00 to 17:00 CET excluding holidays).
Shipping schedule
Orders are shipped within 2-3 business days. Please note that there may be additional delays during holidays (both
France
and
Geneva
holidays may affect)  and summer period (usually mid-July to mid-August; a message will be shown informing about possible delays.).
Warranty Notice
The warranty applies to hardware tokens sold by Token2 Online Shop, lasts and is provided in accordance with the respective local laws for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of purchase of products.
Special notice on time drift
All TOTP hardware tokens have a natural tendency to introduce time-drift after some period. This is absolutely normal (and is also mentioned in the
RFC 6238
: #6) and therefore the authentication server must be able to cope with the potential time-drift with TOTP tokens in order to minimize any impact on users (most of the servers do this automatically).  The average time drift for TOTP hardware tokens is around 2 minutes per year
Copyright Notice
All materials and software published on or used on the blog are protected by copyright and are owned or controlled by or licensed to Token2, or the party listed as the provider of the materials or software. UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING OR DUPLICATING OF ANY OF THE MATERIAL IS PROHIBITED. You may download any downloadable materials displayed on the website only for personal, non-commercial and informational purposes, provided that the documents are not modified and provided you maintain and abide by all copyright, trademark and other notices contained in such material or if none, you include the following copyright notice in such downloaded materials:
© Copyright <current year> TOKEN2 SARL. All rights reserved. All use subject to Terms and Conditions of Use set forth here..
Changes or amendments
Changes or amendments to the present general terms and conditions are taking effect thirty (30) calendar days after publication. Dates of any ammendments are listed below.
01-12-2022 - Formatting & layout changes
10-01-2022 - Minor text edits and shipping conditions, delivery attempts and returns clarifications (effective as of 10/02/2022)
11-07-2019 - clarification about Swiss laws prevailance
04-07-2019 - software & support license fees clarification added
18-06-2019 - exact shipping schedule and holiday list references added
13-12-2018 - formatting changes
12-12-2018 - policy on returns and failed deliveries added
10-12-2018 - minor typos fixed
09-01-2019 - a note about email address (newsletter)
If you wish to be notified of changes or amendments to the present general terms and conditions, you can subscribe to a separate mailing list using the form below
Subscribe to our mailing list
Want to keep up-to-date with the latest Token2 news, projects and events? Join our mailing list!
Send