Consent
Details
[#IABV2SETTINGS#]
About
This website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
Consent Selection
Necessary
Preferences
Statistics
Marketing
Show details
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookiebot
1
Learn more about this provider
CookieConsent
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
Google
2
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
1.gif
Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery.
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Hotjar
3
Learn more about this provider
_hjTLDTest
Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.
_hjSession_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
_hjSessionUser_#
Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read.
TikTok
2
Learn more about this provider
_tt_enable_cookie [x2]
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Meta Platforms, Inc.
2
Learn more about this provider
_fbp [x2]
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
Google
16
Learn more about this provider
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
tt_appInfo
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_pixel_session_index
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
tt_sessionId
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
_ga [x2]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_ga_# [x2]
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gcl_au [x2]
Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services.
lastExternalReferrer
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
lastExternalReferrerTime
Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
pagead/1p-user-list/#
Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites.
collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gat
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
_gid
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
TikTok
2
Learn more about this provider
_ttp [x2]
Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services.
Unclassified
1
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
Ometria
1
Learn more about this provider
ometria
Pending
Cross-domain consent
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#]
[#BULK_CONSENT_TITLE#]
List of domains your consent applies to:
[#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS#]
Cookie declaration last updated on 3/10/25 by
Cookiebot
[#IABV2_TITLE#]
[#IABV2_BODY_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_LEGITIMATE_INTEREST_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PREFERENCE_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PURPOSES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_FEATURES#]
[#IABV2_LABEL_PARTNERS#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS_INTRO#]
[#IABV2_BODY_PARTNERS#]
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.
Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Do not sell or share my personal information
Deny
Allow selection
Customize
Allow all
Book
now
Privacy Policy
Vagabond Wines (Vagabond, we or us), the trading name for Wineify Limited, respects the right to privacy of every individual who visits our website (
www.vagabondwines.co.uk
- the Website). This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal data we collect about you and your rights to access and correct the personal information (or 'personal data') we hold about you.
If you require further information or have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, then please contact
info@vagabondwines.co.uk
.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW WE WILL USE IT?
We, or our third party service providers, may collect the following information about you: When you contact us using the "Contact us" form on the Website, we collect your name, email address and any comments that you provide.
When you register with us through the “Subscribe to the Newsletter” form or “Make A Booking” on the Website, your name and email address are collected. Details you provide us with in connection with recruitment opportunities through the ‘Join The Team’ section of the Website (including through applications for particular positions, such as your name, contact details and information relating to your experience).
When you enter a promotion or competition, whether online or in our stores, we will collect your name, email, telephone number, address and date of birth.
When you download and create an account on the Vagabond App, we will collect your name, email, date of birth, wine preferences, payment history, wine recommendations, the locations you have visited and voucher redemptions. When you visit the Website, we log the IP address of the machine you are using, and process information regarding your activity on the Website. The IP address is a unique number that is used on the Internet to identify a unique computer for the purposes of allowing computers to communicate with each other so we can better understand how our site is used. We collect this information using cookies (see below).
HOW WE STORE PERSONAL DATA
Vagabond takes the security of any personal data we hold very seriously. Our web servers are housed behind a secure firewall that prevents access to our databases by unauthorised users. All our servers are housed in a secure environment with high levels of physical security.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA AND LEGAL BASIS
We use the personal data collected as follows in line with our legitimate interests to administer the Website, to engage our guests and other Website users when they request our products and services and to exercise and protect our rights as a business:
To service your request, promotions or competitions.
To allow you to participate in any interactive features of our website, if and when you choose to do so.
To notify you about news, offers, promotions and updates regarding Vagabond Wines according to the preferences you state (and your subsequent instructions to us regarding such preferences).
To ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
For purposes connected with marketing and customer administration in our legitimate business interest. Where you have applied for a job with us through the Website, we will use your personal data:
To consider your application, assess your skills for the position and to contact you in connection with your application in line with our legitimate interests in ensuring we select the right people to work with us.
To fulfil any legal obligations we have, such as, carrying out pre-employment criminal record checks and to prevent discrimination.
We may use your personal data additionally:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered between you and us.
To comply with any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements.
If you fail to provide information which we need in order to consider a job application or to perform a contract, we may not be able to process your application successfully or perform that contract.
WHEN WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA
To our third-party service providers, such as human resources service providers. Third parties in the event of a merger or acquisition if we or any of our assets are acquired by a third party.
To enforce the Terms & Conditions of our website or any other contracts entered between you and us.
To protect our rights or the rights of others, or if we are obligated to do so to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations.
We will share your personal data with third parties where required by law, or where it is necessary for a contract with you or where we have a legitimate interest (provided your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests).
WE MAY DISCLOSE YOUR PERSONAL DATA:
To our third-party service providers, such as IT and website hosting providers and (if you have applied for a job with us) human resources service providers.
Third parties in the event of a merger or acquisition if we or any of our assets are acquired by a third party.
To enforce the Terms & Conditions of our website or any other contracts entered between you and us.
To protect our rights or the rights of others, or if we are obligated to do so to comply with any legal or regulatory obligations.
We use third party tools, including Facebook Custom Audience and related tools provided by Facebook to provide advertising to you on other websites (including social media networks such as Facebook). Facebook Custom Audience is a tool provided by Facebook which matches a Vagabond customer/visitor with a Facebook user in order to provide advertising on the Facebook platform. If you are a Facebook user, then we share your information with these third party providers (e.g. Facebook) and use cookies or similar technologies on our website to analyse the effectiveness of our advertising on other websites. In some instances, we will post pictures and videos of our events, wine tastings and busy nights onto Facebook and other social media networks. This may include images and behaviours of our guests.
To object to any of our posts, please let us know via the contact details below and by adjusting your Facebook settings.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to and from the websites of third parties. If you follow a link to a third party, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer and is used to differentiate you from other users accessing our site.
Cookies remain valid across visits and can be helpful in avoiding the need for you to enter the same information on each visit to our site. We may use analytics programmes (for example Google Analytics) to log and analyse the information collected by cookies. This information, together with similar information from other users, helps us to: Compile anonymous statistics around how our site is used to help improve our service (including for example information on the type of web browser that you are using, the operating system that your computer uses, and (where applicable) the link that you followed to get to our site); speed up your searches; and recognise you when you return to our site. Where we use third party cookies such as Google Analytics, this may involve sending your data between different countries, including countries outside the European Economic Area, such as the United States. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is handled securely and in accordance with the data protection legislation, including entering a European Commission approved contract where the country does not provide an adequate level of protection. Some US providers may also be certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield which confirms they have appropriate measures in place to ensure the protection of your personal data. If you would like further information, please contact
info@vagabondwines.co.uk
.
DIRECT MARKETING
From time to time, we may use your registration details to provide you with additional information about Vagabond Wines and products and services which we feel may be of interest to you.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request a copy of the personal data that we hold about you as well as other rights in relation to your personal data. In particular, you may have the right in certain circumstances to request that we rectify or erase your personal data, withdraw your consent, restrict our processing of your personal data, object to certain processing or ask us to move, copy or transfer your personal data to another organisation. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the following address: Vagabond Wines Ltd, First Floor, 23 Charlotte Road, Hackney, London, EC2A 3PB or contact
info@vagabondwines.co.uk
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review, and we will place any updates on this webpage. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 15 June 2020.
CONTACT US
If you require further information or have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, then please contact
info@vagabondwines.co.uk
.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights, you have in respect of your personal data you should advise us by email or in writing to the address listed on this website. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office at
https://ico.org.uk
if you believe processing of your personal data has been unlawful.
FURTHER INFORMATION
This website is operated by Wineify Limited, The Belfry, Majestic House, Colonial Way, Watford, United Kingdom, WD24 4WH.
true