Lite
Pro
Prices
VIP
Fees
Institutions
Referral Program
Campaign Hub
Create Account
Log In
العربية
Over-the-Counter Trading
Personalized service for large trades.
Corporates
Trusted Crypto platform for corporates
Crypto services catering to Institutions, Family Offices & High Net worth Individuals
Log in
Register
Lite Exchange
Pro Trading
API
Prices
Become a VIP
Referral Program
OTC
Corporates
About Us
Fees
Blog
Campaign Hub
Support
إلى اللغة العربية
Log In
العربية
BitOasis Technologies FZE (“BitOasis”), a Free Zone Company incorporated in the United Arab Emirates with license number 1462 and with its registered office at DSO-THUB-G-D-FLEX-G001F and DSO-THUB-G-D-FLEX-G078, THUB, Dubai Silicon Oasis, Dubai, United Arab Emirates, owns and operates
bitoasis.net
, a website, our APIs, and mobile applications (collectively the “BitOasis Site”) where users can buy and sell digital assets.
DUPS TECH FZE, a Free Zone company incorporated in Dubai with company number 2758 and with its registered office at DSO-HQ-F1-105-2, Dubai Silicon Oasis, Dubai, UAE, enables you to purchase closed loop e-vouchers using your credit/debit Visa or Mastercard for redemption on the BitOasis Site.
This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you via the Platform and what happens to that information. This Privacy Policy applies to all sites under the
bitoasis.net
domain, the BitOasis Site, and the BitOasis brand. If we make any material changes to our privacy practices, we will publish a revised Privacy Policy on this page, or we may contact you. If you have any questions, please contact us using the contact form. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT AND AGREE WITH OUR PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST NOT ACCESS OR USE THE PLATFORM. THE USE OF THE PLATFORM FOLLOWING A CHANGE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL CONSTITUTE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY. Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings ascribed to them in our
Terms of Service.
1. Information Collected
BiOasis collects personally identifiable information, including name, phone number, email address, date of birth, national ID, passport, device, and browser information.
2. Why We Collect the said Information
We may collect information including but not limited to the following about you and your use of our website, the BitOasis Site, platform, and service (together, our ”Platform“) to create a better, more personalized experience for you or internal research purposes: Your name, email address, address, date of birth, telephone number, a password selected by you, and pictures and data that may be selected or entered by you through the Platform. Furthermore, we may collect your payment and financial information, which our third-party payment processors may store.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on publicly viewable screens or pages, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to posting your personal information.
We automatically track certain information about our users, including but not limited to internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, click patterns, etc.), your mobile device’s unique ID number, your mobile device’s geographic location while the app is running, your computer’s IP address, technical information about your computer or mobile device (such as type of device, web browser or operating system), your preferences and settings (time zone, language, privacy preferences, product preferences, etc.), the URL of the last web page you visited before coming to one of our sites, the buttons, controls, and ads you clicked on (if any), how long you used the Platform and which services and features you used, the online or offline status of the Platform.
Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself, including any Wallet Keys. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your profile, there is no requirement. Where you upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, you are explicitly consenting to our processing your information and making this public to other users.
We collect information including but not limited to postings you make on the public areas of our website, messages you send to us, and correspondence we receive from other users or third parties about your activities or postings on our website.
3. Use of Information:
We will never sell your information; however, you agree that we may use your information in the following ways:
We use the information we collect about you to provide the BitOasis Services to you, create a better, more personalized experience for you based on your individual usage habits, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze site usage and disclose aggregated statistics, improve our content and service offerings, aid in our monetization efforts, and customize our Platform’s content, layout and services. This may include migrating your information to other platforms owned by us. We also use the information we collect about you to review and investigate your activities or transactions on our Platform, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our Terms of Service Agreement.
We may use your correspondence with us, information posted by you for publication on our Platform for promotional, sales, or any use that we consider appropriate, whether submitted via email or posted on our Platform.
We may share your information with third-party partners or third parties hired by us to provide a part or whole of our services to you subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and on the condition that the third parties use your information only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions for the purpose of providing our service to you.
We may disclose your information in response to a legal request, such as a subpoena, court order, or government demand, to investigate or report illegal activity to enforce our rights or to defend claims. We may also transfer your information to another company in connection with a partnership or a corporate restructuring, such as a sale or merger.
4. Secure Storage of information:
Your information will be sent, stored, and processed in the UAE and Europe. By using the Platform, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to the UAE or Europe, and you agree to the information collection, use, and sharing practices described in this Privacy Policy.
5. Investigating a Report
5.1. Right to be informed
From time to time, we will keep you informed through our privacy policy notices regarding the kind of information we collect, use, store, share, and retain for providing our services. Please don’t hesitate to contact our support if you need more details about our data processing and protection policy.
5.2. Right to access
You will have access to the personal data you provide to us for processing in a structured and machine-readable format where the processing is based on your consent or is necessary to fulfill a contractual obligation and implemented by automated means.
5.3. Right to rectification
You can rectify inaccurate personal data and share additional data where the data required for processing our services is incomplete.
5.4. Right to erasure and opt/out
Upon your request, we will deactivate your account and remove your personal information from publicly available sections of the Platform. To make this request, contact us using the contact form. Upon our receipt of your request, we will deactivate your account and remove your personal information as soon as reasonably possible from publicly available sections of the Platform in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law. Nonetheless, we will retain the information you may have requested us to remove from our files to meet other legal and regulatory obligations.
5.5. Other rights
You may complain to the Data Office if you have reason to believe that a violation of the provisions of the UAE personal data protection law has been committed in relation to your personal data.
6. Data Retention
Retention of the information is necessary to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, or enforce the Terms of Service. Furthermore, your information may never be completely removed from our databases due to regulatory requirements (for example, we will not remove your information from our backup storage). If you wish for any information to be permanently removed, please contact us.
7. Children’s Privacy
BitOasis does not allow persons under 18 to register for any service, and we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from persons under the age of 18. If you are aware of someone under the age of 18 using our Platform, please contact us immediately through our contact form.
8. Security
We have established physical and electronic procedures to safeguard and secure our collected information. For this reason, we use SSL certificates to secure our website. However, the internet is an open system, and we cannot guarantee the security or privacy of your information submitted to the Platform. For this reason, we recommend using anti-virus software, routine credit checks, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security and privacy threats. Please keep yourself updated with the latest security threats like phishing and call fraud, and do not share any information with scammers posing as BitOasis employees or copying BitOasis products.
9. Third-Party Websites
The Platform may contain links to other websites that may be of interest or use to you. We provide these links solely as a convenience to you. Other users of the Platform may also post links. When accessing a third-party website through our Platform, you acknowledge that you are aware that these third-party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by us. Please note that our Privacy Policy and information collection, use, and sharing procedures do not apply to other websites. We take no responsibility for and incur no liability for other websites’ collection, use, or information sharing. Please review the privacy policies provided by each website linked to the Platform to familiarize yourself with the procedures of such websites. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy and any other policies in place and any amendments do not create rights enforceable by third parties.
10. Law Enforcement
You agree that we may disclose your information to relevant authorities if compelled to by a court order or an order of a relevant authority. Additionally, you agree that we may disclose your information if we reasonably believe that you have violated any UAE laws and/or regulations, international laws, our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy, or if we believe that a third party is at risk of harm. In the event that we receive a subpoena from a relevant authority affecting your privacy, we may, if legally permitted to do so, notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, but we are not obligated to do so. We may also proactively report you and share your information without receiving any request from relevant authorities where we have reasonable reason to believe that your actions or activities violate any law and/or regulations applicable in the UAE or any other country having jurisdiction over us or our Terms of Service. You release us from any liability that may arise from or relate to sharing your information with relevant authorities.
11. Marketing Communications
You agree that we may send you marketing communications and emails subject to receiving your consent. However, you may unsubscribe from marketing communications by notifying BitOasis that you no longer wish to receive such communications. Once notified, we will remove you from our marketing list immediately. If you wish to opt out of certain communications, please contact us through the contact form.
12. Third-Party Access to Your Information
Through our Privacy Policy, you agree to disclose your information to us. We use certain third-party entities, including contractors, web hosts, payment service providers, etc., to provide our services through the Platform.
Throughout the course of providing our services to you through our Platform, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information to a third-party entity. Where we do so, it will be necessary that you grant the third parties the necessary consent that you afford us under this Privacy Policy. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization that you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services for the purpose of providing service to you or for operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our Platform or its underlying files or systems. We will ensure the third parties are obliged to uphold UAE Federal Data Protection laws through a similar law in their country, like GDPR, or by signing an agreement with such third parties to ensure their compliance with the UAE personal data protection law.
13. Cookies and Tracking
Cookies are little bits of code that help identify you when you use our Platform. We may use cookies and other tracking mechanisms through our Platform to identify you and remember your preferences. If you have any questions regarding our tracking mechanisms, please contact us through the contact form. We currently do not subscribe to any do-not-track listings.
14. Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will modify the date listed on this Agreement and notify you of the amendments via email communication. You must agree to the amendments as a condition of continued use of our Platform. If you disagree, you must immediately cease using our Platform and request us to deactivate your account by contacting us through the contact form.
15. Accessing, Editing, and Removing Your Information
After creating an account, you can access and edit your information through the login dashboard. Please be aware that although you can access and edit your information, you cannot opt out of our data collection requirements mentioned in the sections above, provided that you continue to use the Platform and its services. If you wish to opt out of our data collection practices or would like us to remove any of your information, please contact us through the contact form.
Products
Lite
Pro
VIP
OTC
API
Prices
All
Bitcoin
Ether
XRP
Company
About Us
Careers
Terms of Service
Legal & Compliance
Security
Responsible Disclosure
Learn
FAQ
Blog
Support
Fees
Supported Tokens
Social Media
Apps
BitOasis Technologies FZE licensed by the Dubai Virtual Assets Regulatory Authority (VARA) as a Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP Reference: VL/2024/11/001) for the following Virtual Asset Activity: (i) Broker-Dealer Services